###chapter1
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1
Gareth Wickam finally came home after the dinner had gone cold. 
Smack! He tossed a divorce agreement before Elisa Benett. 
“Your cousin is awake, and I have promised her that she would be the only Mrs. Wickam in her lifetime. 
Elisa, it’s time to sign the agreement. 
We are getting a divorce.” Since Elisa’s cousin had regained consciousness one month ago, Elisa expected this to happen eventually. 
Still, she looked up at him and asked bitterly, “You still don’t believe me?” Gareth sneered and said, “You have always been a greedy and vain woman. 
Why should I believe you? Elisa, don’t make me repeat it again. 
Sign the agreement, and this villa is yours. 
This is my parting gift to you!” Ha… Elisa’s eyes flashed with mockery. 
Does he think he is showing me mercy by not making me leave with nothing? 
She picked up the divorce agreement he threw at her and saw that he had already signed at his signature block. 
Elisa’s breath stuck in her throat. 
Her eyes felt a little warm from tears. 
However, she soon regained her composure and looked at him.
“Did Grandma agree? “What makes you think Grandma is able to support you forever?” Gareth looked at her coldly. 
“You know why we got married in the first place. 
Elisa, don’t be greedy. 
You will only make me hate you more.” Elisa sneered. 
“Hatred and even more hatred. 
Is there any difference?” Gareth’s face suddenly turned fierce. 
“Elisa!” Elisa took a pen. 
“Fine, I’ll sign.” Since Elisa’s cousin regained consciousness, she had sent Elisa numerous photos of her being intimate with Gareth. 
They clearly desire each other. 
What is the point of me clinging to this marriage? Thus, Elisa crossed out the term about Gareth gifting her a villa and quickly signed her name. 
There was no hint of hesitation. 
With that, Elisa’s marriage of three years came to an end, and she found herself free. 
Then, Elisa returned the divorce agreement to Gareth and said indifferently, “Give me an hour. 
I will pack my things and leave.” Gareth pursed his lips and glared at her. 
“This villa is yours.
You don’t have to move out.” “I don’t need it. 
You lived here, so…” Elisa chuckled before enunciating each word, “It is dirty.” 
“Elisa!” Elisa ignored Gareth’s anger and appeared as her usual docile self before pushing him out of the room. 
An hour later, Elisa came downstairs and found that Gareth had already left. 
She suddenly looked at the men’s Rolex watch in her hand. 
It was the present she had prepared for his coming birthday. 
Now, it was an eyesore. 
Splat! The watch was worth more than one million, but Elisa threw it into the trash can without hesitation. 
Then, she breathed in and accepted that her three years of love had been wasted. 
From now on, I will only live for myself! Then, she left the villa and hailed a taxi, telling the driver to send her to her own villa. 
She had bought this villa a few years ago. 
Since she was living with the Wickam family, she had never stepped foot in her villa before. 
Thus, the servants were shocked to see her and quickly lined up immediately to say in unison, “Welcome, Mrs. Wickam.” Elisa put down her luggage and slumped on the couch. 
She rubbed her temple and corrected them.
“From now on, I am no longer Mrs. Wickam. 
I’m only Ms. Benett.” She used to feel proud hearing people call her ‘Mrs. Wickam’. 
Now, that name sounded like mockery to her. 
The servants did not dare to question but retreated respectfully. 
Then, Elisa went to her room and gave her assistant, Charli Lucas, a call. 
“How are you?” Charli was surprised. 
“What the heck? You actually called me? How rare this is!” “I have gotten a divorce, so I will listen to what you say and prioritize my career.” “What?” Charli was astounded. 
“Damn, have I misheard? You dedicated everything to your husband in these three years. 
You even gave up work to be a full-time housewife. 
What’s going on? Why are you suddenly deciding to divorce? Are you pulling a prank?” Charli was Elisa’s assistant. 
Other than Charli and a couple more people close to Elisa, no one knew about Elisa’s second identity. 
In actuality, Elisa was also a brilliant lawyer named Iris. 
There was a popular saying on the Internet: If Iris is in second place, the first place is empty. 
Many lawyers would tremble in fear whenever they heard her name. 
As Charli was still in shock, Elisa asked, “Did anyone look for me recently? Any interesting cases?” Charli’s eyes flashed, and she said with a tinge of regret, “There is a case, and the fee offered is an
astronomical sum. 
However, no one dares to accept it, and you… You can’t accept it.” “Oh?” Elisa’s usually indifferent tone rose with a hint of interest.
###chapter2
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 2
Elisa and Charli sat across from each other in a café. 
“Why can’t I accept the case?” Elisa came to the couch and took a seat. 
Seeing Charli nod with a sigh, Elisa arched an eyebrow and asked, “Can you explain why?” “It’s because…” Charli began to explain the situation surrounding the case. 
Elisa tapped her fingers on her left thigh as she listened. 
Her eyes darkened as she considered. 
“That’s quite interesting. 
Who are the parties involved?” “I… I guess it doesn’t matter that you find out…” Elisa looked at Charli curiously. 
“Both parties are big shots in the business world, so this case involves a lot of matters. 
Their relationship has soured, and the one requesting your help is Mr. Darcey. 
Mr. Darcey’s rival is…” Charli sighed and continued sadly, “Your husband!” Elisa’s breath quickened. 
Then, Charli pressed a hand to her chest and said regretfully, “It seems this case is not meant for us. 
It is torture to see such a large sum of fee and not be able to accept it.” Elisa played with her phone silently. 
It was hard to see what she was thinking. 
Charli looked at Elisa and thought she was sad.
She felt a pang in her heart and comforted her, “Don’t be sad. 
With your reputation, I am sure you can get more cases and earn that money. 
But Iris, are you divorced for real?” Elisa pursed her lips. 
“My life is better off without him.” Charli looked at Elisa’s solemn gaze and felt relieved. 
“You have finally come to your senses! You did so much for this trash, but he never learned to appreciate you. 
You have freed yourself from misery by leaving him. 
Babe, I sincerely congratulate you for the decision you’ve made!” As they were conversing, two familiar figures entered the café, prompting Elisa’s expression to darken instantly. 
The man wore a black suit with silver shirt cuffs gleaming as coldly as his heart. 
The woman beside him wore a white dress and seemed as delicate as a bird. 
Her name was Linda Benett. 
Elisa was annoyed. 
What a coincidence. 
We have just divorced, and he is now dating his mistress in the open. 
Charli glanced at Elisa and saw that her expression had soured. 
“Why are these two here?” Charli’s voice was too loud and caught Gareth’s attention, prompting him to turn around and saw them.
His expression instantly turned fierce. 
What is it with this woman? She signed the divorce papers without care last night and even rejected the villa. 
Now, she has appeared within my sight again. 
Is she playing hard to get? Elisa met his gaze and turned away indifferently before dragging Charli to leave. 
However, a sickly sweet voice sounded near her. 
“Elisa, you’re here too.” As the voice sounded, Linda came to their side with a gentle smile. 
She looked at Elisa innocently as if she meant no harm. 
Elisa scoffed in her heart. 
Who would have known that this innocent and gentle-looking woman secretly sent me numerous intimate photos of her and Gareth this month? Elisa gave an insincere smile. 
“Linda, you’re already discharged from the hospital? Wow, you can walk so soon even after being comatose for three years. 
It’s a miracle!” The people nearby glanced at them curiously upon hearing Elisa. 
Linda seemed flustered for a moment but soon recovered her composure. 
She turned to Gareth and smiled sweetly. 
“The doctor said it is all thanks to Gareth’s dedicated care these three years.
It was his perseverance that woke me up and allowed me to recover faster.” Elisa could not resist looking at Gareth and smirked. 
“How did I not know that my ex-husband is a medical genius? It’s a pity he never studied medicine. 
The medical field has lost out on a genius!” The curious onlookers heard this and were curious to see the drama unfold. 
They exchanged glances and whispered amongst themselves. 
“Ex-husband? Does that mean the woman in the white dress is the mistress? Is she the wife’s cousin?” “My goodness! That sounds messy!” 
“How dare she show off before the wife? What a shameless woman!” Gareth’s expression darkened as he listened to the onlookers. 
“Elisa, you have been clinging on to me for so long, and yet, you dare to show up here and play hard to get. 
If you appear within my sight again, you will regret it!” Elisa suppressed her fury and smiled. 
“Regret? How will you make me regret, Mr. Wickam?”
###chapter3
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 3
Linda’s eyes gleamed delightedly as she saw Gareth threatening Elisa. Then, she looked at Gareth sadly and said, “Garry, don’t be angry. It’s probably a misunderstanding. I don’t want both of you to fight over me.” Elisa looked at Linda with derision. She never knew her cousin was such a good actress. Her innocent act disgusted Elisa. Before Gareth could speak, Elisa said, “My cousin has been yearning to be Mrs. Wickam for a long time. Why don’t you marry her quickly so that she stops sending me disgusting messages?” Linda’s expression changed upon hearing the word ‘message’. She said quickly, “Elisa, I’ve explained to you many times. I don’t wish to ruin your marriage. Gareth is only feeling guilty that I fell into a coma from saving him, so he wishes to make it up to me. There is nothing between us.” Gareth looked at Elisa with disdain. “There’s no use explaining to her. Let’s go.” However, Elisa stopped Gareth before he could leave with Linda. “Why don’t we obtain our divorce order now? That way we each can marry whoever else we want and have nothing to do with each other.” Linda clenched her hands for a moment. Gareth told me they have divorced. After all this, why has he still not gotten the divorce order? Suddenly, Linda’s expression turned solemn. “Elisa, there is nothing between me and Gareth. If it makes you unhappy, I won’t meet with him anymore.” Then, she turned to Gareth and was on the verge of tears. “Garry, I’m sorry for causing a misunderstanding between you and Elisa, so I will leave now. You should coax her. Ladies like to be coaxed.” Linda left right after saying that. Gareth glared at Elisa and said coldly, “I’m not free. My assistant will contact you, so get ready.” Then, he ran after Linda. Charli stood stunned and felt indignant for Elisa. “Elisa, thank goodness you divorced him! This trash is unworthy of you.” How can Iris bear such indignity? I couldn‘t get involved because it is her family matters. How I wish I can bash up that Linda! She is a devious b*tch! “Charli, did you say Gareth will have to compensate tens of billions if he loses this law suit?” Charli was still daydreaming about bashing up Linda and replied in confusion, “Yes, why?” Elisa glanced at the window calmly. “Charli, I need you to contact Will Darcey and get ready to start work.” Charli covered her mouth in shock. “Are… Are you going to take revenge because of your hatred for Gareth?” Elisa’s smile did not reach her eyes. “It is only business. I happen to like this case.” I have always loved challenging
cases. Furthermore, we have divorced. I don‘t need to show mercy. However, Charli remained stunned and asked in confusion, “But… Why are you helping Will? Aren’t you Mrs. Wickam? You loved him so much in the past and would do anything for him…” Elisa interrupted her and said bitterly, “You said it yourself. That is all in the past. Furthermore, I will be divorced soon.” “Are you really going to divorce?” “Yes,” Elisa answered firmly. “Since I have accepted this case, I won’t play around.” Charli was not fully convinced but nodded her head. She suddenly remembered something and said, “Previously, you attended court hearings remotely. However, Will insists on meeting you in person for this case… Once he finds out you are Mrs. Wickam, he might not trust you…” “Don’t worry. I can deal with it.” Charli nodded when she saw how confident Elisa was. “Sure, I will help you deal with other matters. Also, his head of legal affairs is Corey. He is your senior from school, so I think communications will be easy.” Charli realized Elisa seemed different from the past and sincerely felt happy for her. Thus, she held her arm and said, “Elisa, let’s go to my house. I will cook dinner to celebrate your freedom from that b*stard!” Gareth hid in a nearby car and watched Elisa and Charli chatting happily as they left the café. His expression turned cold and intimidating. Elisa Benett, what are you up to? After finishing dinner at Charli’s home, Elisa stayed for a while to chat and discuss the case before heading home. When she reached the villa, a servant came to her and said, “Miss, we checked the surveillance cameras and noticed someone has followed you here.”
###chapter4
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 4
Elisa nodded but did not seem to care. “Don’t bother about him. He is only following and doesn’t seem to have ill intentions.” After a busy day, Elisa slept well that night. Previously, she would always worry about losing Gareth. But now that she had lost him, she somehow accepted the reality and turned calm. Initially, she thought she would have a hard time sleeping alone, but she ended up having a dreamless sleep. It seemed she could really let go of him. When she opened her eyes again, it was due to her alarm clock ringing in the early morning. Elisa got up in a good mood and washed up. She smiled delightedly at the breakfast that was laid on the table. She loved French-style breakfasts of croissants and hot chocolate. However, Gareth disliked them and was used to having meat for breakfast. Therefore, she had to accommodate him all these years. Now, she could finally take care of herself and eat the food she liked, which put her in a relaxed mood. That morning, she received a call from Charli saying the person in charge of Darcey Group’s legal department was eager to meet her. Thus, Charli helped Elisa arrange a place to meet. Elisa finished breakfast and went out. At the same time, in a car outside the villa, a man dressed in black secretly called someone on the phone. “Boss, she has left the house.” “Follow her.” Gareth’s expression darkened. He never knew Elisa had her own villa. She even urged him to divorce her. This woman… She suddenly behaves like a different person. … Elisa reached the meeting place and found Corey Wilson seated by the window. She went to him and greeted him with a smile, “Corey, you’re here early.” Corey looked up in surprise and was shocked to see Elisa. “Elisa?” Elisa smiled as she replied, “You should call me Iris.” Her answer made him even more astounded. “Elisa, you…” Corey had always admired how academically gifted she was at school. He didn’t expect to find out that she was Iris. Thus, he was unable to hide the excitement in his heart. Soon, both of them got into the main purpose of this meeting and talked about the case. However, Elisa remained unaware of Gareth watching from a car. His expression had turned gloomy like a stormy sky. He could not see the face of the man sitting opposite her and did not know who he was. All he could see was Elisa smiling brightly at the man. Gareth’s gaze turned vicious as if he wanted to devour Elisa whole. He had never felt this frustrated before. Previously, Elisa only had eyes for me. How can she
now smile so brightly at another man? Does she think I am dead? Elisa did not suspect anything amiss. After finishing the discussion, she had lunch with Corey before leaving. Then, she remembered she had not went shopping for a long time. Thus, she went shopping and bought many things for herself. The sky was almost dark by the time she returned to her villa. The servants spent a couple of days tidying the things she brought back. They saw that she had returned and gave her a list of the items. Elisa noticed something missing from the list. She touched her neck instinctively and widened her eyes. Where is the necklace? I can‘t lose that necklace! Did I forget to wear it when I packed in a hurry that day? She considered and decided to return to Wickam Residence to search for it. However, she did not expect to walk into the bedroom and find Gareth standing before her dressing table, looking dazedly at a watch in his hand. Elisa was astonished. In their three years of marriage, Gareth had never stepped foot into their bedroom. Now, he seemed absentminded as he looked at the watch she had gifted him and did not notice her entering the room.
###chapter5
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 5
He hated the watch when she gave it to him and smashed it on the floor. Elisa used glue to reassemble it piece by piece. Although the watch became defective, Elisa still could not bear to throw it. Meanwhile, Gareth suddenly realized that he was being watched and turned to see Elisa looking at him indifferently. He snorted and tossed the watch onto the dressing table. “How dare you display a broken thing here? Is my villa a thrift store?” Elisa’s mouth twitched. “You should toss it then.” After saying that, she walked past him to search for her necklace. Gareth’s pupil constricted. Back then, she cared so much about this watch. Now, she tells me to throw it out like it is nothing. Yes, she has changed! Otherwise, why would she meet up with another man and look so happy chatting with him? Veins popped up on Gareth’s forehead as his expression darkened. “Elisa! Have you found another man? Is that why you agreed so quickly to the divorce?” Elisa chuckled. “You can think of it that way if you want.” After saying that, she headed straight to the dressing table and took a box containing a necklace from a drawer. Although they stood closely, Elisa did not spare him a glance and turned around to head out. Gareth’s face blanched, and he grabbed her wrist. “You think you can come and go whenever you want?” Elisa could not free herself and looked at him puzzledly. “What do you want?” He won‘t listen to reasons! I‘ve never seen his mood this volatile before. Seeing her hesitance, Gareth grabbed her hand tightly and said solemnly, “Grandma wants to see you, so you are coming to Wickam Manor with me tonight!” Elisa frowned and looked at Gareth dumbfounded. “Is something wrong with you? Shouldn’t you bring Linda to see her?” Gareth’s expression darkened further at her harsh words. “I’ve told you just now. Grandma wants to see you! Otherwise, why would I bother spending time alone with you?” Elisa snorted. “When Grandma wants to see me in the past, you would always find all kinds of excuses to prevent me from going. Why do you now insist on me going?” Gareth sneered mockingly. “Elisa, Grandma cares so much about you. Have you forgotten her after our divorce?” Elisa pursed her lips. Grandma was the only person who had treated her well in the Wickam family and cared about her. She knew Gareth did not love Elisa, so she pitied her and tried to make it up to her. Furthermore, some of the things Grandma did made Elisa felt like she was her biological granddaughter. Thus, Elisa could
never bear to refuse her request. “Previously, you were always concerned about Grandma, and now, you wish to ignore her. Elisa, why have I never noticed how selfish you are? Are you going to abandon her now that she is useless to you?” “I’m not that kind of person!” Elisa glared at him. Gareth scoffed. “Go see her then.” Elisa got into the car with conflicting emotions. My sham of marriage has always been Grandma‘s cause of concern. If only I hadn‘t insisted on marrying… Elisa and Gareth soon arrived at the Wickam Manor. They had just entered when an excited voice sounded from the couch. “My lovely granddaughter-in-law is here! Elisa, come and sit beside me! I’ve been wanting to see you for a long time. You’re finally here now!” Elisa’s lashes trembled slightly. She could not hide the complicated emotions in her eyes as she forced herself to smile. “Grandma, I’m sorry. During this time…” However, Julia Smith interrupted her by patting her hand kindly. Her tone was gentle as she said, “You don’t have to explain. I know the difficulties you are facing.” Elisa looked at Julia in surprise and asked tentatively, “You… You know everything?” But if Grandma knows about our divorce, she won‘t be speaking to me in this tone… Even Gareth seemed bewildered as he looked at Julia. Julia glared at Gareth furiously before turning to Elisa with compassion. “Yes, I know everything. This brat is a scoundrel. I have chosen a good wife for him. Yet, he takes you for granted!”
###chapter6
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 6
Elisa looked at Julia with an astonished expression. Does Grandma really know? Julia pulled Elisa to sit beside her and said solemnly. “Don’t worry! If he doesn’t go home again at night, I will punish him for you and break his legs!” Elisa’s eyelashes trembled slightly. It turns out Grandma only knows the sufferings I have gone through. She doesn‘t know about the divorce yet. Julia noticed Gareth’s sullen expression and scolded, “What is that look? Why? Are you angry because I asked you to bring your wife here to have dinner?” Gareth controlled his expression and turned to Julia. “I wouldn’t dare.” “Hmph! Is there anything you don’t dare to do? You are not that young anymore! When are you going to give me a grandchild? Don’t you know it is your duty to pass down the family line?” Elisa rushed to support Julia when she stood up. Gareth frowned and glanced at Elisa. Meanwhile, the servants noticed Gareth had returned and soon finished setting up the table for dinner. Thus, Julia pulled Elisa toward the dining table. “Come! Let’s have dinner! If he doesn’t like the food here, he can scram and never come back!” Gareth’s expression darkened further. He did not speak but took a seat before them. Julia generously served a heap of food on Elisa’s plate. It seemed like Elisa was her biological granddaughter, and Gareth was the grandson-in-law. Elisa ate freely and chatted with Julia. Gareth seemed abandoned at his end of the table. He put down his fork and turned to Julia, “Grandma, why do you suddenly ask me… Ask us to come here for dinner?” “Do you know how long you have not visited me here?” Julia glanced at Gareth and became even more furious when she saw Gareth not caring about her. “Is it so difficult to spend time with me? Your grandpa frequently travels for business and leaves me here alone. How can you ask this kind of question?” Gareth had nothing to say. He continued to eat his food and did not say anything. On the other hand, Julia grew even more agitated and slammed her hand on the table. “No matter what, Elisa is your wife, and you should cherish her. Why do you keep going to the hospital to spend time with that cunning woman? Have you not embarrassed the Wickam family enough?” Gareth’s expression turned sullen. “Grandma, Linda saved my life.” “She saved your life? Anyone can see she is deceiving you!” Gareth frowned and glared at Elisa. Elisa looked at him and smiled mockingly. She knew he thought she had tattled on him.
Previously, I would worry that Gareth would misunderstand, but now… Hah! Who cares that he misunderstand? Would I lose anything? “Stop glaring at her! Elisa did not say anything to me! Do you think I won’t notice? You went to the hospital every day and did not bother to go home!” Gareth pursed his lips and remained silent. The dinner consisted mostly of Julia scolding Gareth. Julia did not mince her words or show him mercy. Elisa felt satisfied listening to Gareth being scolded. It even felt like someone had avenged the indignity she previously suffered. After chatting with Julia for a little longer, Elisa and Gareth finally headed out of the manor. However, Elisa was in a dilemma. Julia still did not know that they had divorced. Furthermore, they still acted as a couple and shared a car. Still, Elisa did not want to have anything to do with Gareth anymore. She was already seething with frustration on the way to the manor. On the other hand, Gareth stood still with a soured expression. But Julia did not care and scolded, “Why aren’t you opening the door for your wife? Brat, where are your gentlemanly manners?”
###chapter7
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 7
Elisa looked up immediately but did not know what to say. Then, Gareth came to her sullenly and helped her open the door. Julia saw Elisa standing stunned at her spot and gave her a little push. “Silly child, why are you in a daze? Go on and get into the car!” Elisa sighed softly and smiled. “Grandma, it’s getting late. You should go back into the house. We will be heading home now.” Once Julia returned to the house, Elisa could walk away and hail a taxi. It seems I have to buy a car as soon as possible. Meanwhile, Gareth remained petulant and did not speak. One could not help but wonder if Julia could read Elisa’s intention. She chuckled and said, “I will go in once you leave. Quick, get into the car.” Elisa was still a little hesitant, but Gareth had lost all patience and said gruffly, “Get in the car!” Thus, Elisa had no choice but to get into the car. Gareth closed the door and turned to Julia, “You should return to the house.” Julia frowned and said impatiently, “Enough with the nonsense. Get into the car!” Gareth was rendered speechless. Why does Grandma treat me differently? Aren‘t I her grandson? Gareth did not say anything. He got into the car and drove away. It was so quiet inside the car that they could hear their breathing sounds. Elisa did not wish to talk to him. Once the car made a turn and went out of Julia’s view, Elisa said, “Stop the car.” Her voice sounded like a command, prompting Gareth to scoff and said, “Where are you rushing off to? Are you running off to meet another man?” Elisa sneered. “Why aren’t you stopping the car? Don’t tell me you are reluctant to divorce and want to bring me home.” Screech! The car stopped abruptly. Elisa smirked when she saw Gareth red with fury and said before he had a chance to argue, “If you wish to divorce, do it faster. Otherwise, don’t blame me for changing my mind. I will keep pestering you and make sure you can’t marry her or divorce me!” After saying that, Elisa reached for the door handle to get out. Click! Gareth suddenly locked the door. Elisa frowned and turned to Gareth. “What is the meaning of this?” Gareth snorted coldly. “Elisa, what makes you think Grandma will always be on your side?” “As I thought. You suspect I tattled on you.” Elisa continued to smirk and said, “It doesn’t matter whether I tattled you. Isn’t divorce more important to you? Mr. Wickam, can you confirm when you want to register our divorce?” Gareth glanced at her sharply. “Are you planning to send someone to inform Grandma when we divorce?” “What the heck are
you thinking?” Elisa was speechless and turned impatient. “If you keep being afraid, we will never be able to divorce. So, Mr. Wickam, are you free tomorrow?” Gareth replied coldly, “I’ve already told you. My assistant will contact you when I am free! Get out of my car!” Elisa sneered in anger. “You think I want to be here? Gareth, you will pay for your arrogance one day!” After saying that, she did not spare him another glance and got out of the car. Seeing Gareth being impatient to leave, she scoffed and deliberately neglected to close the door. Then, she walked away leisurely and said, “I’m taking my leave first, Mr. Wickam.” Gareth gritted his teeth. “Elisa!” Elisa smirked and did not bother to look back as she made a turn and left on a pedestrian path. Two hours later, Gareth arrived at his company. Suddenly, his phone rang. He answered it immediately. “Boss, she has left the hill, and I have followed her to her home. Nothing happened on the way, and she did not meet anyone.” Gareth’s expression darkened instantly. His eyes flashed with hatred for Elisa. His anger surged as he recalled how she behaved as if she wanted to have nothing to do with him. “You don’t have to follow her anymore.” The person on the other end was stunned. “Yes, sir.” Then, Gareth hung up furiously. He did not wish to hear about Elisa anymore. It would only make him even more annoyed.
###chapter8
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 8
Elisa headed straight to the bathroom after arriving home. She felt much better after a shower. Although she had also lived alone in the past, it was not as relaxing as she felt now. Previously, she was always thinking about Gareth, but now, she was free to develop her own career. At the same time, she could not help but feel a little depressed as she thought of the past. Why did I waste so much energy on that trash? As the night deepened, Elisa slept soundly despite being a light sleeper. On the other hand, Gareth tossed and turned in his bed. He had headed straight to the company after leaving Wickam Manor and worked for a while before deciding to rest. Unfortunately, he could not. As soon as he lay down, memories of Elisa’s mocking smile appeared in his mind. Gareth opened his eyes abruptly. His expression was cold and stern. Then, he got up and ordered his assistant to gather people for an all-night video conference to arrange work. He did not sleep the whole night and looked terrible. Everyone saw how terrifying Gareth appeared on the screen and kept quiet. No one dared to even yawn. They all wondered who had dared to annoy him. … The following morning, Elisa was reading documents at home when she received a call from Charli. “Iris, Will Darcey wishes to see you. Is… Is that okay?” Elisa considered and felt she could not avoid him forever. Thus, she agreed to the meeting. Charli came to pick her up half an hour later and could not help but feel a little worried. “Anyway, are you really ready to see him?” Elisa sat beside her and appeared calm. “I have gotten ready a long time ago.” “Are… Are you sure you can convince Will to trust you? Have they not questioned your identity when you met with his company’s legal department? Does he still not know who you are?” Elisa patted Charli’s shoulder. “Don’t worry. He will know soon.” Charli did not know what to say. She had no choice but to pray that things would not go horribly wrong. Soon, Elisa arrived at the restaurant and saw a handsome man sitting at a table, playing mobile games. He wore a tailored high-end suit and exuded a deep sense of nobility. His eyes seemed gentle, and many did not know the ruthlessness hidden beneath those eyes. Noises of the mobile game sounded from his phone from time to time, clashing with his professional appearance. Will looked up when he heard footsteps. He saw a tall and slender woman with her long and straight brown hair tied in a bun and fringes curled
slightly at the side of her head. She wore a light blue corseted dress, showing her alluring figure. She was slim with the appropriate amount of softness on the right part of her body. Furthermore, she had beautiful facial features, especially her almond-shaped eyes. They gleamed like crystals and exuded a sense of professional capability. One could not help but be mesmerized by them. However, Will was astonished to see that she was Elisa. He logged out of his game and smiled, “Mrs. Wickam, have you gone to the wrong room?” Will respected Iris and arrived here early. He did not expect to bump into his enemy’s wife. Meanwhile, Elisa walked in and smiled as she took a seat opposite Will. “I haven’t gone to the wrong room. Didn’t you invite me?” Will saw Charli standing behind Elisa and instantly realized something. “You’re Iris?” His eyes flashed with astonishment. Elisa was undeniably gorgeous. One could never forget her beauty after a glance at her. They made everyone seem lackluster in her presence. Unfortunately, this lovely lady was Gareth’s wife. Will looked at Charli and gave a cryptic smile. “Ms. Lucas, why don’t you explain this?” Charli cleared her throat and said awkwardly, “Mr. Darcey, I was unclear about Iris’ situation previously, so I wasn’t able to explain it to you. However, since we have agreed to take your case, we can now reveal some matters to you now.” Will narrowed his eyes and paused for a moment before saying expressionlessly, “So, are you telling me the top lawyer that I am doing everything to appoint is my opponent’s wife?”
###chapter9
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 9
Elisa smiled and corrected him, “Ex-wife.” Despite how composed Will was, he could not help but appear a little shocked. “Ex-wife?” Elisa extended her hand. “Mr. Darcey, I am Iris. It’s nice meeting you for the first time. I hope we can work well together.” Although she had seen him a few times as Mrs. Darcy, it was indeed her first time meeting him as Iris. Will shook her hand, but his smile remained somewhat skeptical. “Ms. Iris, why the sudden divorce?” Charli immediately felt indignant and said, “Mr. Wickam is a greedy man. Ms. Iris…” “Charli…” Elisa interrupted her and glared at her to stop bringing up her personal matters. Then, she turned to Will and said, “Mr. Darcey, I know how vital this case is to Darcey Group. Therefore, I will never play around with it. You might not trust Mr. Wickam’s ex-wife, Elisa, but you must not doubt Iris. I have no reason to ruin my reputation.” Will narrowed his eyes slightly. However, he soon chuckled. “About this case, Gareth has Vincent Shane on his side. I believe no one can help me win other than Ms. Iris.” Vincent was an elite lawyer who had never lost a case. A mention of his name would induce fear among other lawyers. Furthermore, he and Gareth were childhood friends. Some said Vincent was as good as Iris. Thus, people were interested to see Vincent and Iris going head-to-head in court. That was also why Will did everything he could to get Iris to represent him. But now… There was an unexpected coincidence, but that made the matter even more interesting. Charli nodded with a chuckle. “That’s right, Mr. Darcey! There is no use looking for other lawyers. Vincent is a brilliant lawyer. Therefore, other than Ms. Iris, ordinary lawyers would not stand a chance against him. In that case, there is no need for Iris to spy on you for Mr. Wickam, isn’t it?” Will nodded slightly and appeared to agree with what Charli said. However, he did not seem in a rush to discuss business. “What you said makes sense. Shall we have lunch first?” He summoned a waiter to bring in the food. Then, he gentlemanly introduced the dishes and wine to them. Elisa did not refuse his courtesy and picked up the cutleries. “If I had known you are this hospitable, I would have asked to meet you a long time ago.” Will smiled. “Previously, I have always seen you with Gareth and never had a chance to talk to you. You and Gareth seemed like a loving couple. Why the sudden divorce?” Then, Will raised a glass of wine and smiled. “Ms. Iris, are you not going to have some wine?” “No, wine is
harmful to health. I heard you have gastric issues. Let’s just enjoy the food.” Will smiled and seemed to imply something. “I didn’t expect Ms. Iris to be so ‘concerned’ about me and know about my gastric issues.” Elisa paused eating for a moment and smiled casually. Then, she continued dining. After that, she did not say anything but focused on eating the food. She ate elegantly at a moderate pace. Meanwhile, Will ate slowly as if he was someone noble. On the other hand, Charli was not in the mood to enjoy the food. She glanced at Will from the corner of her eyes and became worried. Will doesn‘t seem to trust us. Once Elisa put down the cutleries, Will finally looked at her. “I’m quite surprised by our first meeting.” Elisa smiled, “It’s okay. There will be more surprises in the future.” Will arched an eyebrow, and his eyes gleamed with interest. “I’ll look forward to them.” Suddenly, Charli cleared her throat. “I think we are almost done with the meal. Should we discuss the case?” Elisa looked at Will calmly. “I already know the specifics about the case and believe we can win. I am also happy with the fees you offered, but I have an additional condition.”
###chapter10
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 10
“We can win.” Although Elisa had said those words casually, Will believed her. He looked at the gorgeous woman before him with a flash of surprise in his eyes. People said beautiful women are like vases. But what about this lady? If she is not lying and is really Iris, it means she should never be underestimated! Will nodded and replied warmly, “What is it? I will agree if it is within my abilities.” Elisa tapped her index finger on the table from time to time. She looked at Will and smiled calmly. “I heard Mr. Morris will be having a birthday banquet in ten days.” Will looked at her. “Yes.” Elisa tilted her head slightly and smiled. “Do you need a date for the banquet?” Surprise flashed across Will’s eyes, but he smiled at her. “It is an honor. I will pick you up from your house that night. May I have your address?” Elisa took a sip of fruit juice. Then, she pursed her moist lips and said with a smile, “That’s too boring. I will meet you at your home and go from there.” Charli was rendered speechless. What is Iris up to? Mr. Darcey is a wolf dressed in sheep‘s clothing! I heard he is a notorious player and a typical scumbag! He is even worse than Gareth and has gone through many women! At least Gareth is only involved with Linda, but Will… He changes women like clothes! If Elisa wants to go to the banquet, she can easily get in with her status as a lawyer. Why does she have to go with Will? She even arranges to go from his house! Charli could not sit still and feared Will would take advantage of Elisa. Thus, she quickly kicked Elisa’s leg under the table. However, Elisa did not react no matter how many times she kicked her. That made Charli even more anxious. She stared at Elisa and kicked her harder. Will looked deep into Elisa’s eyes and did not seem to mind her intention. He smiled and answered, “Sure.” Elisa sent Charli a comforting glance and nodded. “Mr. Darey, when would you like to bring the case to court?” Will thought for a moment and smiled. “I think we can wait until after the birthday banquet. Wouldn’t that be more interesting?” Charli was rendered speechless. The two of them seem to be planning something. This morning, Will‘s assistant even called to say that the case is urgent, but now… Oh! I get it! Is Will planning to let Gareth see that Elisa is his companion before suing him? Then, when they appear in court, Gareth would find out that Will‘s lawyer is Gareth‘s ex-wife. My goodness! Will is a vengeful man! Elisa smiled and got up from her seat. “I will leave you to decide when to sue him. Since
we are done with the discussion, I would like to go home for beauty sleep. If there are any more documents, you can send them to Charli. Thank you for your hospitality, Mr. Darcey.” Will narrowed his eyes as he saw how easy-going Elisa behaved. She seemed to have arranged everything and was confident of her success. It was very different from how she seemed before. Previously, Elisa would always stand hidden behind Gareth. Although she was beautiful, she seemed to have lost her spirit. But now, Elisa exuded an irresistibly attractive aura. Thus, Will took his phone and smiled at her. “Do you play games? I rank high in this game, so I can guide you.” Elisa burst into sudden laughter. She took her phone and joked, “I didn’t expect to find you with this achievement. Still, I don’t play games.” Will seemed to have expected her response and casually opened a social media app. “Would you mind if I add you to my friend list?” Elisa looked at him with a smile. Will smiled back and said, “If needed, I can help you press ‘like’ to anything you post.” Elisa was amused by his childish offer and sent him a friend request. “Mr. Darcey, you should stay away from a divorced woman.” Will accepted her friend request and said, “I just think anything that would make my opponent unhappy would make me happy. Does it bother you, Ms. Iris?”
###chapter11
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 11
Elisa waved her phone and smiled. “Bye.” She did not wait for Will to respond and left straight away. Meanwhile, Will sat in his chair and did not move. Charli smiled at him before grabbing her phone and rushed after Elisa. After getting into the car, Charli did not start the car but looked at Elisa in disbelief. “Iris, don’t tell me you plan to rebound with Will after your divorce from Gareth. Will is unsuitable for that. Aren’t you scared that you would fall in love with him and have your heart broken again?” Elisa was stunned for a moment but soon gathered her thoughts. She smiled helplessly and said, “That’s nonsense! The thing I hate the most now is romance. Why would I fall in love with anyone?” Furthermore, why would Will want me? Then, Elisa could not help but chuckle. “You worry too much. Even if I wished to date Will, he wouldn’t want me.” Charli frowned and looked at her suspiciously. “You’re not lying?” “Of course, I’m not!” Charli regarded Elisa for a long time and was convinced that Elisa would not break her promise. Thus, she started the car. She could not help but sigh as she released the clutch. “Men are all trash! We ladies need to grow strong to defend ourselves! Elisa, you are a strong woman, so don’t let another man drag you down.” Charli would usually call Elisa Iris. But this time, she called Elisa’s real name to express the seriousness of the matter. Elisa chuckled. “Don’t worry. I won’t let another man hold me back. Revenge on Gareth is just the beginning, trust me.” Charli breathed a sigh of relief and turned the steering wheel. “I trust you!” … Meanwhile, at Benett Residence, Linda and her parents had just finished dinner. Linda had rosy cheeks and did not look like someone who had woken from a coma a month ago. On the other hand, her mother was dressed gorgeously. Although she was in her forties, she looked like a woman in her early thirties. Linda glanced at her mother sitting on the couch and frowned. “Mom, I keep feeling like something is not right. It seems like Gareth doesn’t want to divorce.” Women’s intuition was sometimes accurate, especially when it concerns bad premonition. Whatever they fear would usually come true. Rose Meek looked at Linda. “What makes you say that?” Linda pursed her lips. “His emotions seem to be centered around Elisa these days. They even went to Wickam Manor together last night.” Rose frowned and said, “How could that be? How can Elisa be so shameless?” Linda gritted her teeth. “The night before, I
spent so much effort just to get him to spend time with me. Although he would say something to appease me, he was constantly distant and uninterested. I tried to ask him about the divorce, but he refused to talk about it. Even though he said he would marry me, I still have a bad feeling that Elisa might be up to something.” Rose’s expression darkened. “She wasn’t this cunning in the past. Old Madam Wickam favors Elisa. If Elisa decides to go against us, we would be at a disadvantage! Linda, I think we have no choice but to take action.” Linda turned to Rose expectantly. “Mom, do you have a plan?” Rose nodded and caressed Linda’s face. “You are a gorgeous young lady, so it is time for you to be in the spotlight.” “Huh?” Linda seemed confused, so Rose explained, “Mr. Morris will be having a birthday banquet in ten days. What you should do is find a way to attend it as Gareth’s date.”
###chapter12
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 12
Linda seemed troubled. “But… He would only bring Elisa to such events. It is to create the impression that they are a loving couple and gain benefits for his company. So, why would he want to bring me?” Rose smirked. “It is different now.” “Huh?” Rose pulled Linda to sit down. “Do you remember Elisa’s status in the past? Your father has snatched her family’s fortune, so she is nothing now. You are the real heiress to the Benett family’s fortune!” “Doesn’t that mean Gareth can’t bring me to the birthday banquet? Wouldn’t it seem heartless for him to abandon Elisa the moment her father loses his fortune?” “Hah, society sees money as king. Although your father might not be as powerful as the Wickam family in Bayswe, he is still quite influential. Didn’t old Mr. Wickam agree to let Elisa marry Gareth due to the Benett family’s influence? Only by collaborating with the powerful can one bring in more profit. Now that her family has fallen, what do you think will happen?” Seeing Linda in deep thoughts, Rose continued, “Previously, Gareth had always come to see you in secret. Now, he is meeting you openly, but I never heard any complaints from old Mr. Wickam. Doesn’t that mean he approves of your relationship with Gareth?” Previously, old Mr. Wickam had indicated that they should watch their reputation. Linda considered for a moment and said, “Mom, you’re right. I will talk to Garry.” While things seemed peaceful in the Benett Residence, it was the opposite elsewhere. At this moment, the president’s office in Wickam Group seemed like a battlefield. Bam! Julia slammed her hands on the table and shouted, “What! You wish to divorce?!” Old Mr. Wickam frowned and looked at her sternly, “Behave yourself! You look like an old hag!” Julia sneered when she heard her husband scolding her. She pointed at her nose and said, “Do I look like an old hag? Well, you must have been blind to marry me all those years ago!” Darren Wickam’s face darkened. “I don’t have time to quarrel with you! Lower your voice. We are in the company, and you should watch your behavior. I should never have brought you here!” Gareth looked stern as he sat at his desk. He felt a wave of headache as he looked at the old couple sitting on the couch. Then, Darren turned to Gareth and said calmly, “You are right to divorce. Elisa is no longer the heiress of the Benett family. Instead, Linda is the real heiress.” Julia gritted her teeth in fury. “Nonsense! Linda is cunning as a fox. How can you both blindly fall for her
tricks?” “I don’t care who she is. All I know is she saved Gareth’s life, so Gareth has the duty to marry her! Moreover, even though the Benett family is not the most prominent in Bayswe, they are one of the biggest timber and building material traders in the country. It would be profitable to collaborate with them.” Julia felt heartbroken for Elisa, knowing that her grandson and husband had decided to throw her out. She slammed her hands on the table again. “Who cares about your profit? Can you live long enough to spend all the money you earn? As someone who has immense wealth, why are you still considering profit? I refuse to agree to this!” Gareth frowned and glanced at Darren. Why did he have to bring Grandma here? Darren also seemed annoyed. I must have been out of my mind to bring this lunatic here. Still, despite their bickering, Julia and Darren usually got along quite well. Then, Gareth glanced at Julia. “Granny, it’s not that I wish to abandon her, but it is Elisa who insists on divorcing.”
###chapter13
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 13
Julia stood up and went to Gareth. She grabbed his shoulder and said furiously, “That’s because you hurt her too deeply! Damn it! Go and coax Elisa to come back now!” “Grandma, I have already decided on this matter.” Gareth’s expression darkened. “You! Are you trying to give me a heart attack?” Julia was about to feign dizziness when Darren said, “That’s enough. Your grandmother is unwell; I’m bringing her home. Since you are an adult, you should settle your own matters.” “Sure.” Julia’s expression darkened completely. She had no chance of pretending to faint or say anything before Darren dragged her out of the office. “Let me go! I’m not done talking!” However, she was not as strong as Darren. Thus, she could only glance behind and shouted, “I’m warning you! You must not divorce!” Soon, Gareth was alone in his office. He looked down and saw the ring on his finger. In order to create the impression that he and Elisa were a loving couple, he had never taken off that ring. It annoyed him whenever he looked at it. Thus, he frowned and pulled off the ring on an impulse before throwing it in the trash can. However, his finger suddenly felt empty. Gareth wriggled his fingers and believed it was because he had just taken off the ring. Soon, he focused on his work again. Five days passed in the blink of an eye. Elisa stayed at home for the past few days. She would sometimes chat with Rachel Markee and discuss work with Charli. Will and Elisa had not contacted each other ever since lunch that day. However, she suddenly received a message from Will. Will: Ms. Iris, are you free for dinner? Elisa: You are free today? Will: I always have time for a beautiful lady. Elisa frowned and knew he must have something to discuss with her. Elisa: You can tell me now, Mr. Darcey. What would you like to discuss? Will: Can you give me your address? Should I pick you up? I would like to discuss with you the banquet and court matters. Elisa: Send me the address. I will go there myself. She did not wish to reveal her address yet. However, she was aware that if Will decided to investigate, he would find it eventually. Soon, Will sent her the address and the time of the meeting. Elisa read it and messaged to acknowledge receipt before putting down her phone. Everyone attending Mr. Morris’ birthday banquet would have their own agenda. Thus, Elisa wondered what was Will’s and what he wanted her to cooperate with. She had a feeling that she could fulfill one of her wishes through this meeting. Thus,
Elisa hailed a taxi and headed to the meeting place. She arrived just in time to see Will arriving in his car. Will lowered his window partially and saw Elisa dressed in a purple and white floral dress. Surprise flashed across his eyes. He pushed up his sunglasses and said, “It seems inconvenient to call a cab. Why don’t I go with you to buy a car tomorrow?” Elisa arched an eyebrow. She was still lacking a car. “There’s no need. My driving is quite terrible.” Will smiled and said, “You head in first. I’ll go park my car.” Elisa nodded and went into the building. A waiter approached her and said, “Good evening, may I know how many people will be dining here?” Elisa opened her phone and showed her a photo. “Two and this is the private lounge we’ve reserved.” Nearby, two people waiting for the elevator suddenly heard a familiar voice and turned around at the same time.
###chapter14
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 14
Gareth’s expression turned stern. I knew it. She is up to something! It seems I can‘t delay the divorce anymore. Otherwise, Grandma might throw an even worse tantrum. My phone almost exploded from all her calls this afternoon. Meanwhile, Linda’s eyes flashed with a cold gleam. Why do I keep bumping into Elisa? Since she and Gareth had both turned around, she could not pretend not to see Elisa. Thus, Linda breathed in quietly before smiling and saying affectionately, “Elisa.” Elisa glanced toward the voice in surprise and pursed her lips when she saw Gareth and Linda standing closely like a loving couple. “What a coincidence.” Linda noticed Gareth staring at Elisa from the corner of her eyes. She tensed slightly but quickly maintained her smile and said, “Elisa, you must be here to see Gareth! We are about to have dinner, so why don’t you join us? You cause Gareth to misunderstand when you met your senior for coffee a couple of days ago. I think it would be good for you to talk to Gareth about that.” Elisa smirked. How nicely does she phrased everything. She even placed emphasis on the word ‘we‘ and proceeded to treat me as an outsider. Then, she accused me of being disloyal and made it seem like I was seducing another man because I couldn‘t get Gareth. What a cunning b*tch! However, Elisa did not care that Gareth’s expression turned even grimmer. “There is nothing to say, so I won’t bother your candlelit dinner.” “Won’t bother?” Gareth repeated coldly. However, before he could tell Elisa to head to the Civil Affairs Bureau tomorrow to finalize their divorce, the door suddenly opened. The two of them could see Will’s profile in the distance. Linda’s eyes flashed with surprise. She mentally compared Will with Gareth, but still felt Gareth was more handsome. Elisa turned around to see Will walking in. He was a little confused to see Elisa still standing there. “Why didn’t you go in to wait for me?”. Linda widened her eyes in astonishment. She didn‘t come here for Gareth? Meanwhile, Gareth’s expression turned threatening. When did she start seeing Will? Elisa smiled and replied, “I was waiting for them to go up first.” Will glanced in the direction she pointed and saw two people standing near the elevator. Then, Will widened his smile and said, “Mr. Wickam, you’re here too.” After saying that, he looked at Elisa, “Since we are probably going to the same floor, why don’t we all go together?” Will was curious to see what Gareth and Linda were up to. Elisa pursed her lips and nodded
uncaringly, “Sure.” After saying that, she walked ahead. Will followed her with anticipation. He had never seen Gareth so furious, prompting his smile to gradually deepen. “Mr. Wickam, you seem to be in a bad mood.” “Mr. Darcey, what is your purpose for inviting my wife to dinner?” Although these words were meant for Will, Gareth stared at Elisa as he said that. Linda‘s heart went still. Why does Garry seem mad at Elisa? They will be divorcing soon. Why does he still care? She considered that Gareth was likely feeling possessive. Thus, it was likely not due to any feelings for Elisa. Will was a little surprised. “Your wife?” Elisa noticed Linda deliberately grabbing Gareth’s arm tightly. A smirk formed on her lips, and her eyes flashed with a sense of irony. “I am your wife?” They were talking and missed out on getting into the elevator. When the elevator door opened again, Elisa noticed no one moved. Thus, she headed in straight away. Meanwhile, Will noticed Gareth and Linda remained still and asked, “Are you going to wait for the next round?”
###chapter15
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 15
Chapter 15 Leisure and Carefree 
Linda frowned and looked at Elisa with concern. “Elisa, you should explain things. You mustn’t always behave in such a secretive manner!” 
Did she say I always behave in a secretive manner? 
She is playing another game with words. Isn’t she implying to Gareth that I always meet with other men in secret and am a disloyal wife to Gareth? 
Sensing Gareth’s cold gaze, Elisa pressed the relevant floor button in the elevator and smiled. “Since you’re not getting in, Will and I shall go up first.” 
Then, she pressed a button to shut the elevator door. 
Will’s smile did not reach his eyes. He kept looking at Elisa until the elevator door closed and noticed she remained unaffected. He could not hide the astonishment in his eyes as he said, “Does this mean you and Gareth were only acting as a loving couple all these years?” 
Elisa slanted her head slightly. “Mr. Darcey, you are an astute man. Is there a need to ask?” 
Will smiled and noticed there was nothing on her fair and slender fingers. He made a ‘tsk’ noise and said, “Your fingers are flawless, but they lack something. Why don’t I send something to you?” 
Elisa looked at him puzzledly. “What is it?” 
Will smiled and said, “It won’t be a surprise if I tell you.” 
Elisa glanced at him. The elevator soon stopped at their floor. Thus, they got out and went to their private lounge.
They chatted a little as the waiter served the food. 
Will spoke in a gentlemanly manner. Although Elisa had heard many rumors about him being a womanizer, she found it hard to believe that it was true. 
After serving the food, the waiter closed the door, turning the private lounge into their personal space. 
Elisa grabbed the cutleries. Although they were here to discuss business, she was eager to eat. 
“Mr. Darcey, thank you for your hospitality once again.” 
Will smiled and remembered how none of his other business partners would dare to eat before he did. In fact, they were too nervous to have an appetite before him. However, Elisa was different. She was eager to eat first, so their business discussion would have to wait until after dinner. 
Will took up his cutleries. “Are you really not going to drink tonight?” 
“Drinking will affect work.” 
On her first night with Gareth, someone had drugged the wine Elisa accepted. 
If I had not made that mistake, my life might be complete instead of being in shambles like now. 
As Elisa was beginning to feel full, she looked at Will eating slowly and asked, “Mr. Darcey, since you ask me out tonight, what is it that you wish to remind me?” 
More accurately, she wished to know whether his goal would help her achieve hers. 
Will smiled. “Would you believe me if I said I only wished to have dinner with you?” 
Elisa frowned. “Are you that free and happy-go-lucky?”
… 
Meanwhile, Gareth and Linda were also seated in a private lounge. The waiter had finished serving the food they had ordered. 
However, the mood in the private lounge was tense and cold. It was so chilling that Linda felt on the verge of being frozen. 
On the other hand, Gareth sat still with a sullen expression. He did not even bother to hold his cutleries. 
Linda’s eyes flashed with suspicion. 
Did Elisa do this deliberately? Did she know that Gareth and I were coming here for dinner and brought Will here to anger Gareth? 
I spent so much effort persuading Gareth to bring me out for dinner. Yet, it was all for nothing. 
I never knew Elisa was capable of such a devious plan. 
Linda adjusted her emotions and could not help but sigh. “Garry, don’t be angry with Elisa. There are still many things that are left unexplained as you are in a cold war with each other.” 
Gareth’s expression turned stern. “Why would I be in a cold war with her?” 
Linda’s eyes flashed slightly. She said in a helpless tone, “Hmm, although you don’t wish to, Elisa might. If this goes on, you could really divorce even if you don’t wish to. Did you see how happy Elisa and Will were just now? Everyone says Will is a womanizer and skilled at charming women. Garry, you should feel a sense of threat.” 
Gareth narrowed his eyes and felt too agitated to remain seated. He stood up and turned around. “I’m going to the washroom.”
However, when he reached the washroom he saw Elisa coming out of it. His eyes instantly turned fierce.
###chapter16
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 16
Chapter 16 Why Not Go Get the Certificate 
Elisa pursed her lips. Was this all inevitable? 
She had intended to ask Gareth when they should divorce, but for some reason he wanted her to come in person. She had no intention of staying any longer and turned to go back to her room. 
Shove! 
Her vision spun and before she knew it, Gareth had pulled her into an empty room! 
Slam! 
He slammed the door shut! 
Gareth held both her wrists in his hand. 
Eying the paranoid man before her, she frowned and forced a smile, “Mr. Wickam, what are you doing?” 
He was the one who initiated the divorce. He was the one who wanted to be with Linda. Why was he acting this way because of one meal with Will? 
She almost mistaken his actions for him having feelings for her. 
But she remembered the time they spent together, and she would not make the same mistake again. She wasn’t na?ve to believe that she’d be able to have his heart. 
She had given up.
Searching her eyes, he saw that the only thing she felt for him right now was annoyance. Gareth’s eyes were like shards of ice, and his voice mirrored that, “Elisa Benett, the divorce hasn’t even been finalised yet. Why are you so impatient?” 
Elisa laughed in her ire, “How am I being impatient? Between the both of us, who’s being more impatient?” 
While they were married, he had always put Linda first. She only got in touch with Will because of work! And besides, this was after they had gotten divorced. This was the first time she had ever found Gareth to be unreasonable! 
Gareth’s eyes never left her face. It was as if he was trying to burn holes into her skin. 
But Elisa was unafraid. “If Mr. Wickam truly thinks that I am going too far, how about we each do our part and choose a time when the both of us can go get the divorce certificate?” 
“Elisa Benett!” 
Gareth clenched his teeth. Seeing the disdain in her eyes, he sneered, “Do you think I won’t do it?” 
Elisa raised an eyebrow at him, “Then do it.” 
Her heart ached whenever she saw him. But after three years of torture and being ignored, she had learned and grown from it. It no longer hurt as much as it once did. 
Gareth burned with anger! He wanted nothing more than to eat her alive. His grip on her wrists grew tighter. 
Elisa frowned, “Mr. Wickam, how about letting go of me if you hate me so much?” 
It hurt.
She knew him well. He was never the gentlemanly type who treated women tenderly. Oh, her mistake. He had never treated her tenderly. Whereas towards Linda, he was unendingly gentle. 
Gareth glared at her. “Elisa Benett, I don’t care what you may think of me. Neither do I care who you’re with, but right now, we’re not officially divorced yet! You are still Mrs. Wickam! And as Mrs. Wickam, you have your duties as the daughter-in-law! Remember how well my grandmother treated you and do not bring shame upon my family!” 
Elisa shivered and sighed… 
Thankfully, she had not misunderstood his reaction as having feelings for her. The only reason Gareth was angry was because they had not officially divorced yet and her actions might harm the family and consequently the company’s stock value might be impacted. 
Gareth sneered at her when he saw that she was about to give in to him, “Elisa…” 
Elisa suddenly smiled brightly up at him, “Mr. Wickam, your grandmother was never one to put importance on wealth, neither did she care about reputation. All she wished was for us to live well. What else can I do for her seeing as you’re not even her real grandson? I’ll think of other ways to repay your grandmother.” 
Gareth grew more and more sullen. Elisa raised her chin and said defiantly, “You could never threaten me with how well grandmother treated me.”
###chapter17
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 17
Chapter 17 You Knew This Right from the Start 
Gareth looked startled. Taking advantage of this, Elisa broke free and swung her leg up in a roundhouse kick. 
But Gareth dodged it! The veins in his forehead started to throb. 
“Elisa Benett!” 
He never thought that the day would come where she would bare her fangs at him! 
Elisa smirked at him, “Mr. Wickam, I’m sorry for making you wait but no dice.” 
She headed to the door. 
The vein started to throb even more violently, but this time, he did not stop her. This Elisa was different from the one he knew to the extent that the woman that he had been married to for the past three years were a fa?ade. 
Had she decided to set aside all pretence of cordiality now that there was no benefit to be had for her? 
No! She must be up to something! 
He wasn’t going to change his mind just because of this! 
He watched her as she placed her hand on the door handle. But she did not engage it. Her hand sat on the handle gently. She turned slowly back at him. 
Gareth smirked. He knew she was playing games! 
What a sly woman!
However, Elisa looked at him indifferently, “If Mr. Wickam truly had the Wickam family’s best interest in mind then hurry up and finalise the divorce. Don’t contact me unless it’s about that divorce certificate. Let’s part ways without any bad feelings towards each other.” 
She then walked out without looking back. 
As she was walking out, she noticed a figure darting by out of the corner of her eye. 
Even though she moved quite quickly, Elisa knew it was Linda by the color of her dress. 
She smirked and went back to her own room. 
Will looked up at Elisa’s unbothered face and smiled, “What took you so long?” 
Elisa pulled out a chair and sat down. “I saw a fly and spent some time trying to get rid of it.” 
Gareth just managed to walk by their doorway just as she said that. His face darkened further. 
Will raised a brow at her, “Gareth came looking for you, huh?” 
Elisa stayed quiet. Her silence was all Will needed to know. 
Will glanced at her curiously, “Are you guys officially divorced yet?” 
Elisa took a sip of juice, “The paper’s been signed. I’m just waiting for him to be free so that we can head down there to submit it.” 
Will smiled, “Looks like the chairman is quite busy. He doesn’t even have the time to get this divorce sorted.” 
Elisa looked at him, “What are you insinuating?”
Will chuckled, “Nothing much. Just an observation.” 
Elisa looked at him up and down and said, “So, you lied about wanting to talk business over a meal? The true reason was so that I could see the truth?” 
Was bringing her here a test? 
A test to find out about her relationship with Gareth and to see if he had sent her as a spy. 
Ahh… 
This was a first for her. She had never thought that she could have such an important role and that someone would value her so much. 
Will shook his head exasperatedly, “You really are smart.” 
Elisa stared back at him without saying a word. 
It was as she thought, it wasn’t coincidence that they bumped into Gareth and Linda here. He had arranged for this to see how she would react. 
Elisa said breezily, “You approached me for this lawsuit. I did not initiate this. If it weren’t for me, you’d have no chance of winning this case. You knew this right from the start.”
###chapter18
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 18
Chapter 18 Success for Linda Benett 
Will chuckled, “Naturally. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t even think of pursuing this lawsuit.” 
But he wasn’t referring to this lawsuit in particular. 
Of course, Elisa immediately understood what he meant. She put down her cup and avoided looking at him, “If it weren’t for this lawsuit and banquet, we wouldn’t be working together. Don’t worry, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will’s eyes widened in surprise. She wouldn’t say this with such firmness if she wasn’t certain about it. She obviously didn’t want to do this. If he hadn’t looked for her, her plan with Gareth would be for naught. 
“I can tell you straight up that we won’t work together after this lawsuit ends.” 
Elisa picked up her chopsticks and continued eating. Obviously ignoring Will. 
Will watched her, waiting for a crack in her act. He chuckled, “As I expect of the enigmatic, Miss Iris. I never knew who Elisa Benett was. The person I met and the person who I hope to work together with is none other than Iris.” 
Elisa arched an eyebrow at him and stayed quiet. 
He could say whatever he wanted, and she would not care because she felt nothing for him. 
Besides, she had felt all the sadness a person could feel in the span of three years for one man. She had spent it all and would never feel this way again. She will live her best life. 
…
Gareth started to chain smoke when he returned to his room. Previously, out of respect for Linda, he would make a point to not smoke around her, but today… It was the furthest from his mind. 
Linda would consider herself a pretty calm person, but right now, she started to feel flustered. She could feel that Gareth was concerned with Elisa. 
Linda took a deep breath. Somehow, she managed to choke on it and coughed. 
Gareth glanced at her and wordlessly snuffed out the cigarette. 
Linda hurriedly interjected, “I’m fine, Gareth. I just choked a little. It wasn’t because of your smoking. Go ahead. Don’t mind me.” 
Gareth suddenly recalled a clear voice saying, “Smoking is bad for you! Babe, you should quit now before you become addicted to it.” 
Gareth suddenly felt irritated. 
Linda realized only after she had spoken that she probably shouldn’t have said anything. The best thing she could do at that moment was to stay silent. Right now, he could blow up at anyone who irritated him. 
The room became quiet once more. 
The more Gareth thought about it, the more frustrated he felt. He shot to his feet. “Eat without me. I’ll have my assistant send you home later.” 
He then left abruptly. 
Linda’s chest tightened! 
Damn that Elisa! She had a hold on him now!
She tried to do some damage control. “Gareth, I’m not hungry. Let’s go together.” 
Linda stood up and ran after Gareth, but… 
“Ahh!!” 
Gareth turned and just managed to see her trip over a chair and fell onto the ground. Her face twisted in pain! 
His eyes widened and awareness hit him! 
He hurried forward and helped her up onto the chair. He felt guilty when he saw her banged up knees and arms. “Where did you hurt yourself? Are you okay?” 
Linda finally saw that he had regained the worry he had for her before. She breathed out a sigh of relief. Shaking her head, she chuckled. “I was just clumsy. Go ahead if you have somewhere to be. Don’t worry about me.” 
“I’m taking you to the hospital.” 
Linda grabbed his hand as he reached out to help her up, “Gareth, truly. I’m fine…” 
“No! You’re not fully recovered. We need to get you checked up.” 
Ignoring what Linda had to say, he picked her up in his arms and walked out. 
Linda smiled to herself. 
However, they bumped into Will and Elisa when they were leaving.
###chapter19
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 19
Chapter 19 Are You Trying to Rekindle My Feelings for Him? 
Linda pretended not to see them and wrapped her arms around Gareth’s shoulders. “Gareth, it was just a trip. I’m fine. I can walk just fine on my own if you put me down.” She giggled. 
Gareth responded calmly, “Let’s get you checked up first.” 
He left in a hurry with her in his arms without sparing a glance at Will and Elisa just a few feet away. 
It was as Elisa had thought, Linda was still the most important person to Gareth. 
For some reason, fate always made sure she was there to witness these things happening. Thankfully, she had no more feelings for him. 
Previously, when Linda was still unconscious, they would never have these kinds of interactions. 
But now that Linda was awake, everything was different. Linda had a presence. Linda and Gareth were in love. If Elisa had stayed obsessed with Gareth like before, Linda would have driven her crazy and she would have died from heartbreak. 
Will observed Elisa’s reaction. He was surprised when he saw that instead of sadness for this situation, she seemed to only feel disdain. He didn’t say anything, and just smiled at her. “I’ll send you home.” 
Elisa shook her head, “I’m fine. I’m just gonna call a cab.” 
Will disapproved, “I’m not going to let a girl go home on her own. That’s not something a gentleman would do. Let’s go.” 
Elisa frowned, but seeing that they would be working together in the future, she relented. He would find out where she was living soon enough anyways.
“I’ll be in your care then, Mr. Darcey.” 
However… 
Trouble usually comes in twos. 
When Elisa reached the carpark, she found that Gareth had also parked nearby. They arrived just in time to see Gareth carefully carrying Linda into the car. 
Elisa snorted. Was fate teasing her? 
They had never met this often whilst they were married. 
Will glanced at her and whispered, “Would you like me to do that too?” 
“Huh?” Elisa did not catch what he meant. 
Will blinked at her with wide doe-like eyes and said sarcastically, “Carry you into the car. My princess deserves nothing less.” 
Elisa’s mouth twitched as she tried to keep herself from laughing. “Your flirting techniques are useless on a divorced old crone like me.” 
Will arched a brow at her, “Miss Iris, you’ll always be number one in my heart. As long as you know the respect you deserve, nothing anyone can say will change that.” 
Self-respect has two meanings. 
First is to love yourself. 
The second… Is to respect yourself.
Elisa knew that he was referring to the second meaning. But what she didn’t know was that he was trying to remind her to cut off contact with Gareth. 
However, this was her private business. No one else could tell her what to do. 
She didn’t say a word. Will opened the passenger door for her and she got in. 
Gareth so happened to catch this after closing Linda’s door. He burned with anger and got on the car. 
They so happened to leave their spots at the same time. It was almost as if they were racing each other to the exit. 
However, they were going in different directions. Elisa also did not want this to go on any longer than it needed to. When they reached the intersection, she said, “Turn here.” 
Will narrowed his eyes at her, “Are you scared?” 
Elisa gave him a small smile, “Are you trying to rekindle my feelings for him?”
###chapter20
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 20
Chapter 20 We Are Divorced 
“Of course not.” Will chortled. He tapped on the brake and slid into the right lane. Will glanced at Gareth’s car and turned right. 
Elisa had no intention of chatting. Will carried the conversation all the way to her house. She finally turned to him when they arrived, “Thank you, Mr. Darcey for sending me home.” 
Will smiled warmly at her. “Don’t mention it. It’s late, you should head on in. Give me a ring if you ever need anything.” 
Elisa nodded and got out of the car. 
Will narrowed his eyes as he watched her leave. The woman was an enigma. Would Gareth regret losing such a rare person? 
Hmph. 
Now that he had her in his grasp, he was never letting go. 
Elisa’s phone rang as she stepped out of the elevator. She opened her door with one and hand fumbled for her phone with the other. She was surprised to see that it was her grandmother calling. 
She entered her apartment and said, “Grandma?” 
“Hi, Elisa. What have you been up to lately? Do you miss grandma?” 
Elisa laughed as she removed her shoes. “Of course, I have. I think about you all the time.” 
Julia chuckled, “You’re such a sweet talker, love.”
Sitting down on the couch, Elisa smiled, “Did you need me for something, Grandma?” 
“What are you saying? I just complimented you for being a sweet talker! Can’t I call you just because I miss you?” 
Julia could be quite temperamental sometimes. But sometimes, she was just pretending to be upset. Elisa laughed. “Of course, you can.” 
“Hmph! That sounds more like it. However…” 
She coughed. Something had been bothering her the past couple of days. She couldn’t help but ask, “Elisa, how have you and my dumb grandson been? Is he coming home on time? He hasn’t done anything to upset you, has he?” 
Julia emphasized the word ‘anything’. Elisa would know what she was talking about if Gareth had talked to her about the divorce, however if she didn’t, then her grandson must have been obedient for once and kept quiet about it. 
But… 
Elisa sensed that something was off. She did not answer her. 
Julia froze and anxiously asked, “Elisa?” 
Elisa laughed, “You know all about it, huh?” 
“What?” 
What did she know?!
That stupid grandson of hers! She was going to kill him if he made her lose such a wonderful granddaughter-in-law!!! 
Elisa pursed her lips. Julia might not be willing to accept it but now that it had come to this, there was no need to hide things any further. She sighed, “Grandma, the both of us… We’ve divorced.” 
“What?!” 
Julia’s expression changed. She shot to her feet. 
Darren had been watching his wife. He knew immediately what had happened from Julia’s reaction. He smirked in satisfaction. Gareth did good to obey him. 
Elisa had outlived her usefulness. The Wickam family no longer needed her. Besides, she had never been a good wife to Gareth! She did not deserve his grandson! 
Julia hurriedly asked, “Elisa, dear. Is this a prank? Today isn’t April Fool’s, is it?”
###chapter21
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 21
Chapter 21 It’s Just an Unfortunate Situation 
Elisa sighed. “Grandma, you know that he doesn’t love me. He’ll just hate me more if we keep this farce up. Right now, the best thing for the both of us is a divorce. Grandma, let us do this. It’s a chance for the both of us to be happy.” 
Elisa’s voice was clearly more strained at the end of her plea. 
Julia’s face turned pale. 
Elisa was such a good granddaughter-in-law! 
How could that stupid grandson of mine let her go so easily?! 
It looked like they had already decided to divorce. Nothing Julia could say now would change their mind. She couldn’t be that selfish no matter how much she adored Elisa and wanted her to stay married to Gareth… 
Gareth never cared for Elisa. He never even brought his wife home during the three years they were married! This was not what a decent man would do! He did not fulfil his husbandly duties. Forcing them to stay together would only hurt Elisa. 
But… 
Julia really hated the thought of them separating… She felt so conflicted! 
Right now, all she wanted to do was call Gareth and yell at him! She was furious! 
Julia took a deep breath, “Elisa. Wait a minute, I’m going to call that idiot grandson of mine!!” 
“Grandma.”
Before Julia had a chance to hang up, Elisa called out. 
“I know you like me. I’m so thankful that you looked after me all these years. But… Somethings just aren’t meant to be. Gareth’s and my relationship have come to an end, however that shouldn’t affect ours. I’ve always thought of you as my own grandmother. I’ll still visit you often, okay?” 
Julia’s heart softened toward her. Her hand that was holding onto her phone started to shake. 
She no longer knew what to say. After a long pause, she finally said, “… Fine.” 
Elisa finally felt a weight lift off her shoulders. She finally had Grandma’s approval. She would no longer put pressure on Gareth. She chuckled, “So… Could you not call him to ask about this? The both of us… Have called it quits.” 
It was just an unfortunate situation for all parties. 
Elisa knew Grandma well enough to know that she hated how the Wickams were more focused on power and riches. They had lost the warmth they once had. 
Which was why she would not care if the company went bankrupt. 
This was one of the reasons why she decided to work with Will. 
“Hai…” 
Julia sighed audibly. “Forget about it. You children have your own lives to live. I can’t make your decisions for you. My dear girl, you’re one of the good ones. Gareth is making the biggest mistake of his life by letting you go. I know that you’ll meet someone who will treat you much better than he did. You deserve to be loved and cherished. Listen to me, hold your head up high and do not let anyone mistreat you, understood?”
Warmth filled Elisa’s chest. Grandma was the only person to show her kindness ever since she married into the Wickam family. While the others… 
“Okay Grandma. I got it. Thank you for supporting me.” 
Julia shook her head exasperatedly. She sighed, “Don’t thank me. I should be thanking you. You’ve suffered so much here and yet you’ve never complained nor griped. I should be apologizing to you.” 
“Don’t say that, grandma.” Elisa gripped her phone tightly. “I’ll go see you when I have the chance, okay?” She promised. 
“My dear girl, set higher standards for your next man. If you have trouble deciding, let me know. I’ll help you decide. No one will take advantage of you under my watch!” 
Elisa felt the back of her eyes start to tingle. She chuckled, “Sure.” 
“You carry on now. I know how busy you are. I’m going to use the restroom now.” 
“Okay, Grandma.” 
They hung up. Julia was sad. It was plain for everyone to see. 
Her granddaughter-in-law… Was soon going to be someone else’s granddaughter-in-law. 
So be it then! 
She is not my granddaughter-in-law, but my own granddaughter! 
They are family! Gareth Wickam! That idiot grandson of mine! He will regret this in the future!! 
The thought filled her with anger. She couldn’t help herself from calling him and scolding him!
###chapter22
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 22
Chapter 22 Dumb Old Fart! Always Up to No Good! 
“Sorry, the number you have called is not available…” 
Julia hung up in anger. However… She could hear Darren speaking to someone from somewhere in the house. 
Julia walked to the door and listened curiously. 
“You’ve done well. Now that it’s come to this, you should divorce. Have you received the certificate yet?” 
Julia’s face twisted in anger!! 
This dumb old fart! He’s always up to no good! 
How could he hate Elisa! They will regret it! Mark my words! 
She will make sure that when Elisa remarries, it will be the event of the year! They will turn green with envy and regret!! 
She now understood what she did wrong. She shouldn’t have forced them to stay married for so many years! 
It must have been torture for Elisa. She should have given in sooner… 
The more she thought about it, the more upset Julia felt. Now… She was trying to decide what kind of man would suit her perfect granddaughter! 
“You’ve just signed the papers? What are you waiting for? Hurry up! As soon as you’re divorced, I’ll announce that Linda saved you and clarify what happened between you and Elisa.”
“Have you ever needed to worry about how I handle things? Would I do this if it were harmful to the company?” 
Julia was shocked!! 
She was furious!! 
Forget about it! She wasn’t going to go in and argue with him. She did not care what that dumb old fart thought. More importantly, Gareth no longer wanted Elisa. And she would make sure that Elisa had the happy ever after she deserved!! 
From today onwards, she would screen through all the eligible bachelors to find the one most suited for Elisa! 
… 
That night, Elisa slept fairly well. 
She had given it some thought and decided not to stay in the villa. She found a gated community near her workplace. 
The next day, Elisa had her breakfast and went back to bed. Those years she spent with the Wickams were wrought with fear. She did not have a moment’s peace. It was the first time she had slept this well in a long time. 
Her phone rang as she stretched. She raised an eyebrow when she saw who was calling her. 
It was a good lawyer friend of hers who had an outgoing personality and was always up for some fun. 
She answered the phone, before she could say a word, her friend started to speak, “Elisa! Emergency! Come save me!”
Elisa’s mouth twitched, “What did you do this time?” 
“I didn’t do anything!” 
“What’s happened then?” She asked curiously. 
“That son of a b*tch! I’m so mad! I clearly won! But he says that I cheated and now he wants my car!” 
“You’re drag racing again?” Elisa frowned. 
She knew how dangerous that was and yet she kept doing it! 
Her friend could tell how annoyed Elisa was, but now that things have come to this, she had no other choice but to beg her, “Elisa! I’ll do anything you want! My sweetie cupcake, you can’t just watch them take advantage of me like this, can you?! It’s an emergency!” 
Elisa sighed, “Address.” 
Her friend rejoiced, “Okay! I’m sending it to you right now! Elisa, I’ll be waiting for you! Show them who’s boss!!” 
She hung up without waiting for Elisa to reply. Elisa received the location very quickly after. 
Elisa got changed and immediately headed there. 
Fifty minutes passed. 
Elisa’s friend called her many times, but Elisa did not pick up. She finally let out a sigh of relief when she saw Elisa walking toward her. She ran over and grabbed her hand, “My savior! You’re finally here!!”
Rachel Markee was wearing denim overalls, but she looked clean and tidy. Her strawberry blonde curls were just slightly past her ears. Her eyes were wide and bright as she stared excitedly at Elisa. 
Elisa looked around and saw a large crowd of spectators. There looked to be several racers waiting for their turn as well. She frowned slightly, “It’s working hours right now. What are you doing here racing cars?” 
Rachel pouted and lifted her hands helplessly, “I didn’t have any cases to work on today. You know my company, we’re about to announce bankruptcy any day now… I’m currently on the hunt for a new job.” 
Elisa, “…” 
Elisa attracted attention even in a jeans and a t-shirt. She seemed to exude confidence and nobility even just by standing there. Her sunglasses covered half of her face, making her seem slightly mysterious. All eyes were on her. 
She also caught the attention of Rachel’s opponent. 
“Yo! Is this who you called to help you?” A voice full of mockery was heard.
###chapter23
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 23
Chapter 23 Blow Him Out of the Water! 
He was wondering who the amazing race car driver Rachel would bring was, but it was just another woman? 
How boring… 
Rachel snickered. Stupid b*stard! Does he really think that Elisa is just your everyday racer? Just you wait! Elisa will blow him out of the water! 
“This is who I called to help me out! You better watch yourself!” 
“Hey! I wasn’t born yesterday! Don’t be a sore loser, Rachel. I gave you a second chance and you spurn it by bringing another woman here!” 
Elisa turned to look at the owner of the voice. It was a handsome looking man with a cigarette tucked into the corner of his mouth. She frowned. 
Vincent Shane. 
It was him. 
He was one of Gareth’s close friends. An up and coming lawyer who some even called Iris 2.0. 
However, today she had changed up how she dressed and did her makeup. Vincent thought there was something familiar about her but did not recognise her. 
“What’s wrong with being a woman?! Can a woman not drive! Stop being such a sexist a**!” Rachel retorted. 
“Fine. Hurry up then. I don’t have time to be standing around here all day.” Vincent snorted.
He snubbed out the cigarette and climbed into his car. 
Rachel turned to Elisa and raised both hands in the air, cheering for her, “You go girl! I can’t wait for you to show them who’s boss!” 
Elisa smirked and got into her car. 
The starter had been waiting for them. He motioned for them to get in place once he saw they were both in their car. 
Both cars shot forwards the moment he brought both arms down! 
However, … 
Vincent was not taking this seriously at all. Or rather, he was not taking Elisa seriously. 
It may be a race, but this is going to be a breeze… 
Elisa’s car took off like a shot! 
With a blink of an eye, the car had disappeared! 
“I knew I could count on you!” Rachel whooped. 
The spectators were stunned. “Was that Mr. Shane?” 
“No! It was that lady!” 
“Oh my goodness! What speed! Only a professional race car driver could do that!!” 
“Who was that woman? Do you know her?”
Vincent didn’t know who she was. The audience that had just been showering him with praises had turned their attention towards her! 
“Sh*t!” He cursed under his breath. He stepped on the accelerator, speeding up instantly. 
However, … 
He found that he couldn’t catch up with Elisa no matter how hard he tried! Instead of shortening the distance between them, it only seemed to grow further! 
Vincent was astounded! 
Am I losing to a woman?! 
How is that possible?! 
He never caught up to Elisa’s car all the way to the finish line. Rachel was so ecstatic that she almost seemed to vibrate. 
“That’s what you get for looking down on women! Just admit defeat!” She taunted him. 
Vincent was depressed, “Damn! I was too careless!” 
“I lost. I’ll give Rachel what I promised her, but I want a rematch!” He pleaded Elisa earnestly. 
“She’s not someone you can just ask for a match!” Rachel jeered. 
“I’m sorry. But I have somewhere to be right now.” Elisa said calmly. 
Rachel tugged onto Elisa’s hand. She smirked provokingly at Vincent, “Transfer me the money! Trust me when I say that I’m not someone you should trifle with! If you even think about talking to her, I’ll
make sure not even your mother would be able to recognise you!”
###chapter24
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 24
Chapter 24 It’s All in The Past Now 
Vincent couldn’t bear the shame of losing that match. How could he lose to a woman with so many people watching! 
“It’s just money! I have more than I need anyways!” He muttered. 
Rachel snorted. “Remember this well! Sooner or later, it’ll be mine!” Vincent declared. 
“Dream on!” Rachel spat. 
Vincent stomped off in a huff. 
Rachel was in a much better mood. She tugged onto Elisa’s hand, “Let’s go, dear!” 
Elisa followed her without a word and they both hopped into the car. Rachel place both hands on the wheel and asked her, “Shall we go eat? Do you need to make dinner for your husband tonight?” 
Elisa hesitated before replying, “Let’s go out.” 
Rachel was about to start the car when she froze in surprise, “Really?” She stared at Elisa. 
Elisa nodded. Rachel stared at her with wide eyes. “Are you serious? You’re not pulling my leg, are you? Every single time I’ve invited you out for dinner, you’ve not been able to because you had to make dinner for your husband. You kept telling me how you wanted to stay at home and be a good wife. You couldn’t stay out too late, nor could you stay over at mine. What’s with the sudden change?” 
Elisa pursed her lips in annoyance. 
She hated herself for wasting so much time on Gareth.
Rachel felt that something was off. “Isn’t he treating you well?” She asked Elisa worriedly. 
Elisa shook her head. “Let’s go to your place for dinner?” 
Noticing that Elisa was trying to change the subject, Rachel grabbed her hand. “Tell me the truth. What happened? Did you guys fight? How could he treat you like this?!” 
Elisa chuckled. “When have we ever fought?” 
How could they fight when they barely spoke to each other? 
Rachel frowned, probably remembering the same. “What’s happened then?” She asked concerned. 
“We’re divorced.” 
Rach is my best friend. I can’t hide it from her. 
“What?!” 
Rachel’s hand tightened around the wheel. Her eyes practically bulging in shock. She would have leaped to her feet if the space allowed for it. 
“The divorce papers have been signed. I’m just waiting for him to find the time to go get the actual certificate.” 
Elisa was calm. She had thought that it would hurt to talk about it but… She was as unaffected as ever. 
Rachel blinked. It looked like Elisa had finally given up. 
Rachel stared at her in disbelief, “You would have given your life for him! That was how much you loved him! Are you really divorced?”
Elisa was quiet. But her silence was an answer in itself. 
Rachel believed her. She almost trembled with happiness. “Great! Okay! Tonight we are going to celebrate! We’ll celebrate your newfound freedom!!” 
Elisa smiled slightly, “Shouldn’t you be comforting me? 
“Elisa, let me tell you something. That man never deserved you! I tried to talk sense into you to divorce him ages ago! He might be the most eligible bachelor around town, but that doesn’t mean that everyone is in love with him! You should have left him when you realised that he had zero feelings for you, instead of dragging things on!” Rachel spat. 
Elisa blinked. That’s true… Rach had been trying to convince me to get a divorce for a long time. 
She chuckled, “You’re right! Thankfully, it’s all in the past now.” 
“Let’s go! Hurry! Decide on somewhere quick! I’ll make a few calls to some of our friends! Tonight, we will celebrate!”
###chapter25
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 25
Chapter 25 Which Woman Messed You Up This Time? 
The night was bright and lively, and the road remained congested even after rush hours. 
After braving the traffic, Rachel finally found a parking spot. She glanced at the passenger next to her and smiled. 
“Let’s go, Elisa! The others have arrived already!” 
Elisa hummed with a smile. “Sure.” 
Rachel wore a mysterious smile as she held Elisa’s arm and entered the private room they had booked. 
When they saw that the private room was dark and quiet, Rachel feigned a confused look. “Hey, did they bluff me? Shouldn’t they be here already?” 
She led Elisa into the room and continued, “Elisa, let’s go in and wait for them.” 
Before Elisa could respond, a loud sound emerged from party poppers being burst. Besides, flashlights in the room were turned on while confetti ribbons showered from the top and fell on the two ladies’ hair and shoulders. 
Following that, voices of cheering came forth. “Woohoo! Congrats Elisa for being single again!” 
Elisa was flabbergasted while Rachel burst into laughter. She turned to look at Elisa and exclaimed, “Surprise, Elisa!” 
The girl who popped the confetti laughed too. “I think she’s more shocked! Elisa, you’ve been restricted by all kinds of rules from the Wickam family ever since you married him. But you can finally lay down
the burden and be yourself now!” 
Rachel giggled. “That’s right! Our dear Elisa should live for herself from now on! Sheen, I love your brilliant idea!” 
Moved by her friends’ care toward her, Elisa uttered, “Thank you, Sheen!” 
Shenna was still holding the party popper in her hand. She had shoulder-length black hair and an adorable baby face. 
“Hey, this is nothing. There are more surprises coming!” 
Rachel was perplexed too. “What is that?” 
She had asked a few friends to decorate the room to celebrate Elisa’s divorce and cheer her up, but she didn’t know what the exact plan was. 
The next second, a tall figure appeared at the entrance with a bouquet of roses in his hand. The man uttered with a gentle smile, “Elisa, congrats for being single again.” 
Rachel gasped in surprise as her eyes lit up. Oh my goodness! He even prepared roses! 
Before Elisa could recognize who the man was, the man had already placed the bouquet in her hand. 
A few of them were close friends from university. 
Carle Semoa had been fond of Elisa since their freshman year, and it had been five years since then. 
When he had finally mustered the courage to confess to Elisa, the latter had already gotten married, so he gave up the thought. Now that he knew Elisa had a divorce, he became hopeful again.
When Elisa realized that it was a bouquet of roses, there was a slight change in her expression. She wanted to return the flowers to Carle, but Rachel grabbed her hand and said, “Let’s sing, Elisa. What about ‘Love Yourself’?” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Meanwhile, in another private room at the same venue, a few men were sitting around a table drinking. 
Pulling a long face, Vincent emanated a depressing aura. 
Suddenly, he put down the wine bottle in his hand and fumed, “Damn it! I shouldn’t have belittled that woman! This is driving me crazy!” 
Gareth cast a glance at him nonchalantly and didn’t bother to ask any question. 
They gathered today because Vincent was in a bad mood. 
The handsome man sitting across from Vincent smiled in a teasing manner. “So which woman messed you up this time?”
###chapter26
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 26
Chapter 26 You’re Going to the Washroom Already? 
Gareth Wickam, Vincent Shane, and Jeremy Chase were as close as biological brothers although they were born of different parents. 
Vincent was relatively quick-witted and hot-tempered while Jeremy was more of a gentleman. Everyone thought he was a gentle, handsome, amiable man from a wealthy and influential family. However, he had a cold heart. 
The three confidantes cared for each other like how they cared for their own families. 
“I found my mother’s old necklace.” 
Gareth lifted his head to gaze at Vincent in silence while Jeremy uttered, “Finally.” 
With a darkened face, Vincent grumbled, “But the necklace is now with the despicable woman. And… and I freaking lost to her!” 
“Get straight to the point.” Gareth croaked. 
Both he and Jeremy knew how important that necklace was to Vincent. 
Vincent gritted his teeth and told his friends the entire story. 
Jeremy snorted. “So that necklace is very important to her too and she claimed it was passed down from her deceased mother?” 
Vincent gnashed his teeth. “My foot! She’s obviously lying! Oh well, it was dishonest of me to hoax her into a competition. Otherwise, she wouldn’t have gotten help from such a powerful opponent! Even national car racers might not be able to beat that woman.”
Gareth was surprised that Vincent had such a high opinion of the woman. 
Suddenly, Vincent shot a glance at Gareth and blurted, “She can even hold a candle to you. How can I possibly defeat her?” 
Jeremy chuckled. “Ha! Interesting!” 
Looking indifferent, Gareth didn’t answer but stood up and walked out of the room. 
Vincent lifted his brows and remarked as he watched Gareth walk away. “I can’t believe you’re going to the washroom after drinking just a few glasses. Is there any issue with your health? Do you need Jeremy to give you a checkup? Otherwise, it might affect your marriage in the future.” 
Gareth glared at Vincent coldly and left the room. 
However, an aggrieved voice emerged before he reached the corridor’s corner. 
“What on earth are you thinking, Elisa? Since you’ve already filed for a divorce, why don’t you give him and yourself a chance?” 
Gareth was stunned at the spot. 
Elisa’s resigned voice came forth on the other side of the corner. “I’m a divorced woman. I don’t want to impede on his life.” 
Gareth’s expression turned ghastly at once when he heard the familiar voice. It is really her! 
Our divorce procedure is not completed yet, but she’s already messing around with other men! Screw you, b*tch!
Rachel was flustered. “Not at all! He has liked you for five years. Five years, honey! If it wasn’t for you marrying the wrong man, you could’ve led a happy life now!” 
Gareth pressed his lips tight. A happy life? I doubt any man could satisfy a greedy woman like her. 
“Rachel…” Elisa’s voice was filled with resignation. 
“Hey, you don’t have to avoid him. You can’t be standing out here forever! We gathered today to celebrate your divorce, so you should be there. Let’s go back quickly.” 
“Rachel, I…” 
“Alright, say no more.” 
Rachel ignored Elisa’s will and dragged her back into the private room. 
Only after the door was closed did Gareth walk out of the corner. He clenched his fists as he glared at the door of the private room where Elisa was at. 
Elisa Benett! If it wasn’t that we had a divorce, you should be Mrs. Wickam! I’ll not let you off if you cause any inglorious rumors again! 
At that thought, Gareth strode toward the private room as he wanted to see which ignorant man had fallen for Elisa.
###chapter27
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 27
Chapter 27 Just Divorce Me Then! 
Bang! 
While Elisa was still trying to contain her awkwardness after entering the room, someone flung the door open. The few of them looked toward the entrance simultaneously when they heard the ruckus. 
What came into sight was a tall, handsome man dressed in a custom-made suit, which enhanced his inherent elegance. 
The man gave off such a hostile aura that no one dared to look straight into his eyes. 
Elisa frowned. What brings him here? 
Gareth was annoyed when he saw the bouquet beside Elisa. 
“I didn’t expect you to find yourself a paramour this soon.” He sneered. 
Carle’s eyes turned cold immediately, but before he could say anything, Elisa retorted furiously, “Mind your words, Gareth Wickam!” 
Gareth glared at her menacingly. “Elisa Benett, we’re not officially divorced yet, but you already can’t wait to be with another guy. Do you deem me a dead man?” 
Elisa thought Gareth was ridiculous while Rachel rebuked, “What’s wrong with you, Gareth Wickam?! You didn’t appreciate Elisa when she gave up everything to serve you and the family as a wife. Are you regretting it now that you’ve signed the divorce paper? Come on, be like a man!” 
Rachel was an outspoken person and couldn’t care less if Gareth was an influential man. 
She couldn’t tolerate anyone who bullied her best friend!
Gareth’s gloomy aura became more intense as the tension in the atmosphere built. 
All of a sudden, Carle sprang up and stood in front of Elisa to protect her. He glared at Gareth and said, “Mr. Wickam, act like a man since you’ve decided to let go. Otherwise, you’ll only embarrass yourself, Mr. President Wickam.” 
“Embarrass myself?” Gareth shot a fierce glare at Carle and grunted. “Right back at you. I can’t believe you’re already a home wrecker at this young age.” 
Carle’s face darkened. “Please mind your words. Mr. Wickam. Elisa has finally freed herself from hell. If you’re a real man, stop pestering her! Otherwise, I don’t think it’ll bring any good to Wickam Group’s reputation if this matter escalates.” 
The sarcasm in Gareth’s eyes augmented. “If Wickam Group can be threatened so easily, we would have collapsed long ago.” 
Elisa grasped Carle’s arm and blurted, “Carle.” 
Although the Semoa family was powerful too, it would be no help if he went against the Wickam family. Even if there was a chance of him winning, Elisa didn’t want Carle to sacrifice for her. 
Carle turned around to see Elisa shaking her head at him. Then, she walked out from behind him. 
Gareth’s expression became extremely sullen when he saw Elisa attempting to defend Carle. He grabbed Elisa’s arm and dragged her out of the room. 
“That’s enough! Gareth Wickam!” 
Rachel’s indignant bawl came forth from behind. Elisa quickly turned around and shook her head at her friends. “Please give me a minute. I’ll be right back after settling some private matters with him. Please
leave us alone.” 
With that, she followed Gareth out of the room and went to a quiet corner. 
Elisa tried to shove Gareth’s hand away when they stopped at the spot but to no avail. She furrowed her brows and said, “I won’t leave, so let go of me and just spit whatever you want to say!” 
Oh gosh, why do I run into him everywhere I go?! 
In the past, she yearned to see him but she couldn’t, but now that she didn’t want to see him anymore, they often bumped into each other. Elisa was frustrated at this complicated relationship between the two of them. 
Gareth let go of Elisa’s hand and stared daggers at her. “Elisa Benett, I’ve warned you many times that you remain as Mrs. Wickam before we’re officially divorced! If you dare to mess around with other men again, you shall bear the consequences!” 
Elisa lifted her head impatiently and scowled, “Just divorce me then!”
###chapter28
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 28
Chapter 28 An Uproar on the Internet 
Gareth was dumbfounded. 
Elisa stared at him with a displeased look. “I’ve been waiting for you to come and look for me. Do you not even have time to go to the Department of Civil Affairs, President Wickam?! You could have just sacrificed the time of a meal with her and gotten our divorce procedures done so that you don’t have to worry about the reputation of your company every day!” 
“You…” 
Gareth gritted his teeth and snarled, “Elisa Benett! Do you think I don’t want to divorce you?! Grandma has been crying and begging me to not divorce you!” 
Elisa was confused. 
Before this, Julia had called her and claimed that she would find a better man for her. Did she do this on purpose? 
“There’s still a major project ongoing in the company, and we’re competing against Darcey Group. I’ll divorce you after this project ends, but you better behave yourself in the next month.” 
Any negative news would pose a threat to Gareth, so he wouldn’t want the reputation of him and Elisa as the model couple to be ruined. 
Elisa snorted coldly. “That’s none of my business. It doesn’t bother me whether the company succeeds in this project or not because I won’t get a penny even if you earned a billion from this project.” 
The derision in Gareth’s eyes intensified. “You’re indeed a greedy, materialistic woman!”
Gareth frowned while staring at Elisa’s stone face. 
Elisa smirked. “I just hope I don’t have to see you ever again. I’m still disgusted by your impatient look when I begged you to meet me back then.” 
Her remark made Gareth flare up immediately. 
“Hence, Mr. Wickam, do not impose on others what you do not desire. I hope you can stop pestering me like a pest!” 
“Pester you like a pest?! Very well, Elisa, you’re getting arrogant now!” Gareth laughed out of anger, but his spooky eyes were as cold as icebergs. 
Elisa couldn’t bother to talk to him, so she turned and walked toward the private room. 
“You better behave yourself if you don’t want to put Semoa Group to trouble” 
Elisa halted her step for a moment, but she soon regained her senses and walked back to the room, leaving Gareth alone in the empty corridor. 
Clenching his fists, Gareth pressed his lips indignantly. The ferocity in his eyes was so threatening as if it could set the room, where Elisa was in, on fire. 
Meanwhile, Elisa sat down on the couch. 
Carle looked at Elisa worriedly and asked, “Did he do anything to harm you, Elisa?” 
If it wasn’t because of her strong stance just now, Carle would have gone after her. 
Elisa shook her head with a smile. “Not at all. We’re living in a society governed by the law after all.” 
Rachel gnashed her teeth. “I’ve hated his arrogant look all this while! He’s a total jerk! Screw him!”
Sheena held Elisa’s hand and agreed. “You made the right decision to divorce him, honey. You should get a husband like Carle next time!” 
Sheena became a little shy as she uttered the second sentence. 
There was a glow in Carle’s deep-set eyes. He sighed and said, “Elisa, I shouldn’t have bought you roses. You might not have recovered from the last relationship since you’ve just gotten a divorce. But I’ll wait for you. I’ll always be at your side whenever you need me, Elisa.” 
And be your pillar of strength… 
Carle kept the last phrase to himself. 
Elisa’s eyelashes fluttered. She was touched by his kindness toward her. Ever since she married Gareth, she had sensibly kept a distance away from other men. She felt sorry for Carle, yet the latter was willing to wait for her even at this point. 
Elisa parted her lips and was pondering about what to say, but Carle went on. 
“You don’t have to worry about my feelings, Elisa. I’m already grateful enough that I stand a chance now.” 
“Oh come on! Do you think there are only the two of you in this room? Are we invisible to you?” Rachel teased the two while Sheena chimed in as she concealed the dismay in her eyes. 
Elisa shook her head. “I’ve decided not to think about love relationships anymore. Stop urging me if you deem me a true friend. Otherwise, I might unfriend you, girls.” 
An indescribable look flashed through Sheena’s eyes. A few seconds later, she nodded and said, “Okay! We’ll stop bringing it up. Let’s drink!”
The thoughtful Rachel played some upbeat music as if they were indeed celebrating a joyful occasion. 
The gathering carried on for another two hours. 
Initially, Carle wanted to send Elisa home but was rejected. 
Nevertheless, none of them knew the Internet was currently in an uproar!
###chapter29
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 29
Chapter 29 Don’t Fall Into His Trap! 
At that moment, Julia was contemplating who could be a right fit for Elisa. She took her phone and was about to investigate the backgrounds of several decent young men. 
Suddenly, a news notification appeared. 
‘Mrs. Wickam, Whose Husband Is Darcey’s Group Competitor, Spotted in the Passenger Seat With Darcey Group’s President’ 
Julia couldn’t believe her eyes when she saw the title. 
Will Darcey was the infamous playboy in the city. Even someone like Julia, who rarely read the news, was aware that he was a pleasure seeker. A flirty punk like him is totally out of Elisa’s league. This must be a clickbait! 
At that thought, Julia clicked into the news. 
To her surprise, she saw a picture of Elisa getting out of Will’s car, and their faces were captured clearly! 
This is outrageous! 
Julia immediately gave Elisa a call, but… 
“The number you have dialed is not reachable. Please try again later…” 
Julia hung up the phone with a worried look. 
On the other hand, Elisa was on a call with Rachel.
She frowned in confusion when she heard Rachel’s agitated exclamation. “It’s getting late. What are you wailing about at this hour? Didn’t you sing your heart out already at the clubhouse just now?” 
“Oh my gosh! Don’t tell me you found a new lover this soon! You’re moving on at the speed of light! Oh, poor Carle’s going to have a heartbreak again!” 
Elisa furrowed her brows. “What nonsense are you talking about?” 
“Come on, Miss Benett, stop acting dumb! The news about Mrs. Wickam spotted in Will Darcey’s car is all over Twitter now. Honey, you are one of the trending topics!” 
Elisa was startled. 
How did the incident that day become a trending topic? Could Will be the mastermind behind this? 
While she was still dumbfounded, Julia called. 
It was obvious why she called, so Elisa said softly to Rachel, “Gareth’s grandmother is calling. I’ll call you back later.” 
Rachel knew Julia had always been kind toward Elisa. She squeaked reluctantly, “Alright then. Fill me in on your stories later!” 
“I have no stories to tell. Now go to bed already.” 
Then, she hung up the call with Rachel and answered Julia’s call. 
Sure enough, the purpose of the call was exactly what she had expected. 
“Rachel, I know you’re upset now and might want to seek delight from other men, but Will is not a good candidate.”
“Grandma…” 
Before Elisa could finish her sentence, Julia interrupted anxiously, “I’m not stopping you because the Darcey family is our opponent. As long as you’re happy, I’m willing to give you my blessings. But Will is someone who plays the field!” 
Elisa was touched because Julia still cared for her despite the current situation. 
“He must be wooing you because he is attracted to your pretty face and perfect body figure. You can’t fall into his trap! I promise to help you seek a decent man, but please don’t dig your own grave, Elisa!” 
Elisa was amused yet resigned. But above all that, she was moved. 
“Don’t worry, Grandma. Things between Will and I are not like what you thought. I met up with him because we had some matters to discuss.” 
“Really?” Julia remained doubtful, but just as she was about to say something, Elisa continued, “Of course! Grandma, I’m not thinking about romanticrelationships anymore at this moment.” 
There was a tinge of sorrow in her tone. Although Elisa did not say it out, Julia knew her grandson had hurt Elisa deeply. 
After pausing for a moment, Elisa said, “So, please stop worrying about me, Grandma.” 
“I…”
###chapter30
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 30
Chapter 30 What Brings You Here at This Hour?! 
“Alright then.” 
Although Julia agreed on the surface, that was not her intention. Instead, she was even more determined to find a perfect man for Elisa, and that man shall be her grandson-in-law! 
Two of them had some small talk for a while before hanging up. 
Thereafter, Elisa clicked into Twitter effortlessly. 
Being involved in a trending topic was nothing new to her. Although she wasn’t a celebrity, she was often involved in a trending topic with Gareth, as well as through her anonymous Twitter account. 
For the sake of the company’s reputation, Gareth and Elisa had been behaving like a perfect couple in public. They often attended some events together to build an image of a loving couple. 
In the past, Elisa was willing to cooperate with Gareth because she loved him. Besides, she actually looked forward to those events because she would only feel like she had married a good husband when they were in public. 
But now… 
Wickam Group might be affected now that the news of Will and her became a trending topic. 
After all, it was a known fact that Gareth and Will were sworn enemies. 
‘Oh my goodness! What breaking news is this! Why did Mrs. Wickam meet Will Darcey? Could it be that they’re having an illicit affair?’
‘No way! Aren’t Gareth Wickam and his wife a loving couple? They are always spotted together wherever they go, and Gareth Wickam is a gentleman! This must be Darcey’s trick to tackle Wickam. After all, they had been daggers drawn for a long time.’ 
Elisa arched her brows when she read the comments. She wouldn’t think a paparazzi would be able to capture such a clear picture and even have the nerve to post it on social media. 
As such, Elisa reckoned Will must have purposely plotted this. 
She didn’t care what his intention was, but the others might not be the same. 
Two hours later, just as Elisa was going to fall asleep, her phone rang all of a sudden. 
Frowning, she opened her eyes to see Gareth’s call ID. She naturally knew what the jerk was going to say, and she was not in the mood to listen to his scorn, so she hung up the call immediately. 
Sitting in the car, Gareth wore an extremely gloomy expression. 
He called Elisa again but the call was rejected. 
Toward the end, Elisa even switched off her phone! 
Thud! 
Gareth punched the steering wheel furiously. You’re something, Elisa Benett! I’ve just warned you today not to mess around with Carle, yet there’s actually something going on between you and Will?! 
Without hesitating, Gareth got out of his car and strode toward the door. 
Meanwhile, Elisa felt more peaceful after switching off her phone. She closed her eyes and was ready to have some sweet dreams.
In the past three years, Elisa had been living a difficult life as she waited for Gareth’s return daily. It was so depressing that she could have fallen sick. 
Now, she had finally let go of everything and slept peacefully at night. She even felt more at ease physically. 
Ding dong! Ding dong! Ding dong! 
The doorbell rang out of the blue. Elisa opened her eyes immediately. Who is that? 
Bang bang bang! 
Not only did the doorbell ring nonstop, Gareth even started knocking on the door relentlessly. 
Elisa walked to the door and showed a sudden change in her expression when she saw the ghastly, cold, yet handsome face from the doorbell camera. 
Initially, she thought it was some gangsters, but it turned out to be this disgusting man! 
“Elisa Benett, I know you’re in there! Open the door if you don’t want the neighborhood to be alarmed!” 
Bang bang bang! 
Bang bang bang bang! 
“What the hell is wrong with you? What brings you here at this hour?!” Elisa took a deep breath and continued, “I won’t open the door. Get lost!” 
Bang bang bang! 
Gareth continued knocking on the door incessantly.
Disturbed by the noise, Elisa’s neighbor opened his door and scowled, “Who is that? It’s already late at night, so lower your volume!”
###chapter31
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 31
Chapter 31 Even You Paramour Came?! 
Perceiving Gareth’s ferocious aura, Elisa didn’t dare to scowl at him. Instead, she timidly switched off the doorbell camera in resignation. 
The deafening noise of Gareth knocking on the door emerged again. Elisa didn’t want to annoy her neighbors, so she had no choice but to open the door. 
Gareth strode into the house with a sullen face. 
After closing the door, Elisa stared daggers at him. “Mr. Wickam, your actions make me think that you still can’t get over me.” 
Why does he have to come at this hour? If there’s anything to be settled, can’t we do it during daytime?! 
Initially, she thought Gareth found out about the rumor when he was somewhere else, so he called to question her, but little did she expect that he was most likely hanging around her neighborhood given how fast he appeared at her place. 
Gareth was mad as a hornet as he shot a fierce glare at Elisa. “I can’t get over you? Elisa Benett, I have a reasonable suspicion that you’re trying to get my attention by doing all these!” 
Elisa flared up too. 
“In the past, I’ve done everything I could to get your attention, but you didn’t even spare a glance at me. Now that I live my own life and no longer appear in your sight, you actually think I’m purposely getting your attention?”
Gareth stared at Elisa coldly. Although he didn’t utter a word, it was obvious from his expression that Elisa’s speculation was right. 
Gareth walked into the living room and directly sat on the couch. 
Seeing his casual behavior as if he was at his home, Elisa spat through gritted teeth, “What on earth do you want?!” 
Gareth stared at her ghastly and croaked in a threatening tone, “Elisa Benett, I’ve just warned you today, yet you immediately went to mess around with Will?! I can’t believe you’re this shameless. Do you still call yourself a woman?” 
Elisa closed her eyes and took a deep breath. I must be blind to have loved him for so many years! 
After regaining her composure, she walked up to Gareth and looked down at him from her height. “You had meals with Linda, went to visit her in the hospital, and even visited her parents. You’re not any better, so how dare you reprimand me?! Gareth Wickam, if you dare to threaten me again, I’m going to reveal our real situation to the public!” 
Emanating an intimidating aura, Gareth glared at Elisa. “So, are you getting revenge at me now?! You purposely hung around Will so that the paparazzis could capture you and release the news everywhere, didn’t you?!” 
Elisa inhaled deeply. As if I have nothing better to do! 
Nevertheless, she couldn’t be bothered to explain to Gareth at that moment and merely uttered coldly, “What’s going on between Will and I is none of your business. We’ve already signed the divorce paper. We’re already unrelated to each other.” 
Gareth looked as cold as ice.
Suddenly, he sprang up and seized Elisa’s wrist. Just as he was about to reach for his next move, the exasperated Elisa lifted her knee and kicked him in the balls. 
Gareth swiftly dodged and bawled, “Elisa Benett!” 
Elisa was driven up the wall too. “It’s none of my business whether your reputation is ruined or not. It’s none of my business too whether the company is affected or not. Get lost immediately, Gareth Wickam! You’re not welcomed here!” 
Elisa pointed at the door as she had no intention to continue arguing with Gareth. 
Gareth glared at Elisa menacingly, but before he could say a word, the doorbell rang. 
Elisa smirked. “Not again!” 
Gareth hissed sulkily, “Even your paramour came to see you at your place?!” 
“My paramour?” 
Elisa snorted and went to answer the door to find out who the visitor was.
###chapter32
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 32
Chapter 32 Thunderstorm 
Elisa opened the door to see a slender figure. 
Gareth stood up and walked toward the door too. 
Elisa curled her lips and turned to look at Gareth. “Oh well, it’s not my paramour but your mistress. How do you feel, Mr. Wickam?” 
Linda narrowed her eyes. Mistress? I can turn you, Gareth’s official wife, to a mistress in the snap of a finger! 
Gareth’s face darkened even more as he stared at Linda in displeasure and asked, “What brings you here?” 
Linda answered worriedly, “I called your buddies just now. Initially, I wanted to discuss some matters with you, but I heard that you aren’t in a good mood today. I was worried, so I asked them for your whereabouts. I’m worried that there might be some misunderstandings, so I rushed over. Elisa, Garry, please talk things out if there’s any problem. I just hope there won’t be any misunderstandings between you guys.” 
Elisa smiled. “It doesn’t matter. He’ll be able to marry you soon. I’m just his ex-wife, so I won’t cause any impact. Dear Linda, we’re cousins, so of course I won’t snatch away your man. If I did, that would be very shameless of me!” 
Gareth’s expression was so frigid that it was as if he could turn the house into an igloo. 
Truth was, what Elisa had just said was exactly what he had said to her in the past.
Linda was startled. She knew Elisa was implicitly insulting her. So what if you’re insulting me now? Gareth will be mine sooner or later, and he can only be mine. You’re just a passer-by in his life, Elisa! 
It was as if Elisa was playing with Linda’s head. Just as Linda was gloating inwardly, Elisa changed the topic. “But…” 
Linda’s expression turned solemn as Elisa shrugged resignedly and continued, “I’m looking forward to divorcing Gareth. If he’s willing to, we can get the certificate of divorce immediately. Thereafter, you guys can get your certificate of marriage done. But what should I do? Your dear Garry is unwilling to. I’m not sure if it’s because he still can’t get over me, his ex-wife.” 
Linda was flabbergasted. Clenching her fists, she squeezed a smile and said, “What nonsense are you talking about, Elisa? Mr. Wickam and I are just friends. You shouldn’t bring about a divorce casually.” 
In fact, Linda was frustrated that Gareth still hadn’t divorced Elisa officially. 
On the other hand, Elisa almost wanted to roll her eyes at Linda. 
Perceiving no response from Elisa, Linda looked toward Gareth with a gentle smile. “Garry, thank you for all that you’ve done for me. I have no regrets saving you at that time. I was too obsessed with you back then, and hence I asked if you would marry me. Garry, since you’ve married my sister, please treat her nicely. I won’t disrupt your husband-wife relationship.” 
With that, she lowered her head and pretended to conceal her sorrow. Even her tightly pressed lips were trembling. It seemed as if she was more than happy to see Elisa receive happiness but was agonized to give up Gareth. She expressed the complicated emotions so perfectly that one could hardly see through her acting.
With a stern look, Gareth retorted, “Cut the nonsense. There’s nothing between her and I, and I’ll divorce her.” 
Elisa took a deep breath. “Since there’s nothing between us and you’re going to divorce me, please get out of here immediately! Go ahead to roll in the hay with her but don’t dirty my place!” 
“Elisa!” Gareth bellowed. 
“Elisa… H-How did you change so much?” Linda shook her head in disbelief. 
Wearing a half-smile, Elisa stared at the two uninvited guests who refused to leave. “If you guys are fond of my place, I can leave this house for you as a compensation for our divorce, Mr. Wickam. You guys may stay, and I’ll leave.” 
Elisa took out her phone and dialed a series of numbers. 
Gareth’s expression turned ghastly the moment he saw the numbers.
###chapter33
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 33
Chapter 33 That’s All? 
He grabbed Elisa’s phone and hung up the call instantly. 
Elisa looked at him indignantly. “What’s wrong with you?!” 
Gareth’s gaze was so piercing as if it would penetrate Elisa if she dared to make a move. 
“Elisa Benett, I’m warning you one last time. If you dare to mess around with other men, don’t blame me for coming after you!” 
Linda was stunned. Messing around with other men? 
Before this, she thought Gareth was trying to control Elisa due to his dignity. After all, it was understandable if a man couldn’t endure his ex-wife getting together with another man immediately after their divorce. 
But… Linda had a bad hunch now. 
Meanwhile, Elisa wasn’t intimidated by Gareth at all. “Go ahead! Now get lost already!” 
Linda grabbed Gareth’s arm worriedly and said, “Garry, Elisa is still young, so she might be immature. Please don’t lower herself just to argue with her.” 
Gareth pressed his lips and shot a cold glare at Elisa before walking out of the house, leaving Elisa and Linda in the living room. 
Linda gazed at Elisa with her eyes filled with sarcasm. 
Elisa sneered. “Aren’t you getting lost yet? Or are you waiting for me to kick you out?”
Although Linda was annoyed deep down, she wore a faint smile as if she didn’t care. “You’ll regret this, Elisa.” 
With that, she couldn’t be bothered to bicker with Elisa as she would rather coax Gareth to sleep with her. 
After Linda left, Elisa closed the door. The night was finally over, and she could sleep in peace now. 
Meanwhile, Gareth had gotten someone to remove the trending topic. 
Fidgeting with his phone, Will wore a mischievous look as he anticipated Elisa’s upcoming performance. 
… 
A week had passed, and it was Rachel’s off day again. She was worried that Elisa was depressed, so she dragged her out to the shopping mall. 
The two ladies enjoyed shopping. After buying some household items from the supermarket, Elisa bought some clothes too. 
Rachel became unsettled when Elisa didn’t bring up the matter from that night. “Hey, we’re best friends. Are you going to keep that incident away from me? What did he say to you that night? And how did Linda show up at your place too?” 
Elisa was surprised. “How did you know that?” 
Rachel knitted her brows. “Thanks to Linda! For the sake of Wickam Group’s reputation, she could only maintain a low profile and tell it to her friends. Otherwise, the entire company could have been aware of the issues between you and your husband!”
Perceiving Elisa’s calm countenance, Rachel hit her hand in resentment. “Linda’s friend told me about it! How long do you plan to keep this away from me? What exactly happened?” 
Elisa had no choice but to fill Rachel in on the incident. 
“What the f*ck?! This shameless couple! Can’t Gareth tell that the woman is a b*tch?!” 
Elisa snickered calmly. “Maybe her method is useful for guys.” 
“Aren’t you annoyed? Don’t you want to teach him a lesson?!” 
“I always uphold the principle of an eye for an eye. I have my way to handle this matter.” Elisa answered without hesitation. 
Rachel became spirited at once. She gasped at Elisa with her face filled with excitement. “Tell me what’s your plan!” 
“I’ll divorce him first.” 
Rachel rolled her eyes at Elisa. “That’s all?” 
Elisa smiled and tapped Rachel’s nose. “You’ll know the rest later.” 
Rachel was extremely curious, but she knew Elisa’s stubborn character. She caught up to her and asked, “Then… What’s going on between you and Will? I was so shocked last time that I even forgot to ask how you guys met each other. These few days I’m swamped with work. Quickly tell me about it!”
###chapter34
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 34
Chapter 34 There Must Be Something Fishy Between Them! 
“When the time comes, you guys will know.” 
“What the heck! Do you still deem me as a close friend?” 
“Of course! So, I’m going to cook for you tonight.” 
“Really?” 
Rachel was an avid foodie, and Elisa was a brilliant cook, so the latter managed to avert the former’s attention immediately when she offered to cook dinner. 
“Yeah!” 
“Can I have braised pork belly, sweet and sour fish, fried meatballs…” 
Rachel went on and requested eight dishes. 
Elisa smiled. “Are you able to finish so many dishes?” 
“Definitely! I’m a big eater!” 
“Sure, sure.” 
The two friends had a pleasant talk as they walked back home. While they were preparing the ingredients in the kitchen, the doorbell rang out of the blue. 
Rachel was confused. “Who is that? Did you tell anyone else this address?” 
Elisa frowned. Besides Gareth and Linda, only Rachel knew this place.
Although Will was aware of the neighborhood that she was staying in, he didn’t know the exact unit number. 
Elisa reckoned it couldn’t possibly be Gareth and Linda. 
She put down the vegetables in her hand and took a napkin to dry her hand. “I’ll go and take a look.” 
Rachel too walked out in perplexity. When she saw the visitor through the camera, she was dumbfounded. “Oh my gosh, it’s Will Darcey!” 
Elisa was at a loss for words. 
She could see Will carrying two bags of gifts in his hand. 
Since he found her place, he must have come prepared, so Elisa had no choice but to open the door. 
Will was surprised when he saw Elisa wearing an apron. “Are you cooking?” 
Elisa nodded and gazed at him in confusion. “What brings you here at this hour, Mr. Darcey?” 
Will smiled. “May I come in?” 
Elisa stood aside and got him a pair of indoor slippers. 
After closing the door, Will passed the gift packs to Elisa. Just as he was about to say something, he noticed a figure in the kitchen and lifted his brows in surprise. “Hey, Rachel.” 
Astonished, Rachel turned around. “You know me, Mr. Darcey?” 
“I know all Elisa’s friends.” 
Rendered speechless, Rachel gave him a thumbs-up.
Amazing! Rather than making the others suspicious of his intention, he directly admitted that he knows me so that he won’t appear annoying. 
Elisa stared at the gift boxes and asked, “What is this?” 
“Ball gown. It is custom-made according to your measurement. Give it a try. We can alter it if the size is not right.” 
Rachel mumbled speechlessly, “Elisa’s measurement?” 
He hasn’t touched her before, yet he’s exaggerating! 
Elisa pressed her lips and answered calmly, “You’ve dealt with countless women and sure have an eye for detail.” 
Will lifted his brows and wasn’t bothered by Elisa’s sarcasm at all. Instead, he asked with a gentle smile, “May I stay here for a meal?” 
Rachel was dumbstruck. 
She stared suspiciously at Will, whose gaze was fixed on Elisa. They appear to be very familiar with each other. 
Then, she gazed at Elisa again. Although she couldn’t tell what exactly was going on, she knew there was something fishy between them. 
As such, she decided to observe them from the side. Elisa has finally escaped from that jerk and is not seeing anyone now. Hanging around a handsome guy like Mr. Darcey might even help to alleviate her agony. 
Elisa did not reject Will’s request. “Sure, I’ll continue cooking. Please take a seat.” She hummed softly.
“Please allow me to help you.” 
Will unbuttoned his cuffs and rolled up his sleeves. 
Rachel was dumbfounded looking at their interaction. Why do I feel like they’re going to remove their clothes next? 
Will naturally started washing the vegetables that Elisa was halfway washing just now. Looking amiable, he smiled at Elisa and uttered, “Just let me know if there’s anything else I can do.”
###chapter35
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 35
Chapter 35 You’re Going to a Banquet?！ 
Elisa did not answer Will while Rachel shifted her gaze between Elisa and Will. Something must be going on between the two of them! Could it be that Elisa has a thing for Will? But she hasn’t told me anything all this while. No way, it can’t be! 
With a subtle change in her expression, Rachel asked directly, “Come on Elisa, you should’ve introduced your new friend to me earlier. When did you guys know each other? You guys seem to be pretty close.” 
Rachel winked at Elisa while saying that. 
Will replied profoundly with a smile, “We haven’t known each other for long, but our relationship is pretty good.” 
Relationship? What kind of relationship? Rachel looked nonplussed while Elisa smirked. 
“Wash the vegetables.” 
Will giggled. “Yes, ma’am!” 
‘Yes, ma’am?’ Rachel was even more baffled by the situation. 
She glanced at Elisa from time to time, hoping to get some clues from her, but the latter had not expressed anything even after the dishes were served. Rachel drooled at the sight of the flavorful dishes. 
Before they started digging in, she was already satisfied by the aroma of the food. “Smells amazing! Elisa, please take me in from now on. I promise to help clean the house!”
Will was surprised at Elisa’s cooking skills too. All the dishes were tempting. 
He smiled and said, “Count me in. I won’t be a free-rider. I can help with the odd jobs.” 
Elisa sat down beside Rachel after passing a set of cutleries to each of them. She put on a half-smile and blurted, “Thank you, guys, but I’m afraid I’ll go bankrupt.” 
Rachel chuckled. “That’s not an issue since we have Mr. Darcey with us. We can eat all we want!” 
Will hummed with a smile, “My pleasure.” 
Perceiving that Rachel was going to continue talking, Elisa picked a piece of meat and stuffed it into her mouth. “Dig in.” 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
After serving Rachel a bowl of rice, Elisa thought of something and glanced at Will. “Would you like to have some alcohol, Mr. Darcey?” 
“I’m good. I still have to drive later.” 
Elisa nodded and sat down to eat after serving the rice. 
Although Will was an unexpected guest, he was good at breaking the ice. Rachel was an extrovert too, so the three of them got familiar with each other after a short while. 
Rachel was the one who babbled nonstop. Will would chime in from time to time while Elisa remained silent most of the time. 
The six dishes on the table were aromatic and scrumptious.
Will was more impressed the more he ate. He would rarely go for a second bowl of rice, yet he got himself a second bowl today. 
Will praised from the bottom of his heart, “Elisa, your cooking skills are so amazing that I doubt the national chefs can hold a candle to you.” 
Elisa’s eyelashes fluttered. 
Cooking skills? Ha! 
She had heard of a saying that one could easily win a man’s heart by conquering his stomach, so she diligently learned culinary, hoping that Gareth would change his impression of her. 
But alas, he had never bothered to taste her dishes. Every time she asked him to give it a taste, he was disgusted by it. 
To think about it, Elisa thought she had been humiliating herself all the time. 
“Elisa?” 
Elisa snapped out of her daze. Seeing that both Rachel and Will were gazing at her, she uttered, “I spaced out just now. What were you guys talking about?” 
Rachel stared at Elisa with widened eyes. “You’re going to a banquet?!” 
Elisa nodded. “Yeah.” 
Then, she subconsciously cast a glance at Will as she reckoned it was him who told Rachel. 
Rachel frowned. “You disliked events like this in the past. Why would you want to attend such a high- profile banquet this time? Moreover, you used to attend these events with Gareth, but this time…”
###chapter36
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 36
Chapter 36 Oh My Gosh! You Must Be Crazy! 
Rachel’s voice was tinged with worry as she had a feeling that there was a storm awaiting Elisa. 
She knew Elisa and Gareth only attended those banquets in the past to show off their relationship, but now… 
Meanwhile, Will lifted his brows and made no comments. 
He was more than happy to have Elisa attend the banquet with him this time because it would be a huge blow to Wickam Group. 
Elisa smiled and replied, “Don’t worry.” 
She had to take this step sooner or later. Since she had already lost her patience with Will, she didn’t have to bear with him. 
Moreover, if she didn’t initiate the attack first, Linda might plot against her again, so she would rather play the bad guy and regain her freedom as soon as possible. 
Rachel sighed. “Okay then. It might help to accelerate your divorce.” 
Will feigned a surprised look as if he was clueless. “Accelerate your divorce?” He asked. 
Rachel uttered resentfully, “It’s all thanks to the shameless jerk, Gareth Wickam. They’ve already signed the divorce paper, but he procrastinates getting the certificate of divorce. My dear Elisa is such an outstanding woman. Does he really think she won’t be able to live without him?!” 
Will nodded in agreement. “You’re right. Elisa, why don’t you consider me after the divorce?” 
Rachel was rendered speechless.
Until now, Elisa hadn’t told her how she met Will. Rachel didn’t want to say the wrong thing, and she didn’t know which attitude she should adopt when interacting with Will. 
Fortunately, Will did not glean information from her. Nevertheless, she was determined to probe Elisa once Will left. 
Elisa smiled. “You’re surrounded by all kinds of women while I’m just an insignificant wildflower by the street.” 
Will replied, “Everyone has different preferences. I’m fond of wildflowers by the street.” 
Will was known to be a playboy, and it was normal for him to flirt with women. So, Elisa and Rachel did not take his words for real. 
After having a pleasant meal, Rachel insisted on washing the plates. “Why don’t you try out the gown?” Will suggested to Elisa. 
Elisa’s eyes flickered. “I’ll try it out tonight and contact you if there’s any problem.” 
Will was a wise man, so he didn’t force Elisa. It was getting late. He knew the ladies might find him annoying if he kept staying on, so he stood up with a smile. “I shall take my leave first. Have a goodnight, ladies.” 
He knew Rachel planned to stay over at Elisa’s place tonight. 
A smile tugged at Elisa’s lips as she nodded. “Alright. See you, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will knitted his brows. “After all, we’ve met a few times for meals and I’ve even tasted your home- cooked dishes today. We should address each other like friends by now.” 
Washing the plates, Rachel turned to glance at the two, who were acting weird.
Elisa smiled and did not respond. After walking to the door, Will put on his shoes and said, “Just call me Will from now on.” 
Elisa hummed with an indescribable expression, “Okay.” 
With that, Will left with a joyful look. 
Not long after Will left, Rachel was done with the dishes. While drying her hand with napkins, she gazed at Elisa suspiciously. “What exactly is going on between you and Mr. Darcey?” 
Perceiving that Elisa was going to palter with her, Rachel raised one hand immediately and ordered, “Come clean with me. Do you really think I’m that naive?” 
Elisa sighed in resignation. She didn’t tell Rachel before this because she didn’t want her to worry, but if she insisted to keep it away from her, it would appear like she didn’t deem her a confidante. 
As such, she had no choice but to selectively tell Rachel about her plans, but she didn’t mention the work arrangements she had with Will this time. 
When Rachel heard Elisa’s plans at the banquet, her expression changed immediately. She sprang up at once and exclaimed, “Oh my gosh! You must have lost your mind! You actually plan to…”
###chapter37
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 37
Chapter 37 The Big Day Is Finally Here 
Looking at Rachel, Elisa nodded and interrupted her. “I’m doing so because I’ve lost my patience with him. I’ve tried to be kind but he kept crossing the line.” 
Rachel widened her eyes in shock as she exclaimed agitatedly. “Are you really prepared for this, Elisa? Once you’ve taken the move, it can’t be undone!” 
Elisa lifted her brows. “Didn’t you ask me to move on before this? Now that I’ve made a decision, you’re asking me to reconsider it?” 
“Of course, I hope you can divorce that jerk officially and stay away from him forever!” Rachel asserted solemnly, but she was in a quandary the next moment. “I’m just worried that you’ll regret it and suffer more than before. Some said it’s better to just get the pain over with, but the process can be even more torturing.” 
Elisa curled her lips and held Rachel’s hand. “Things will be fine. Trust me.” 
Rachel’s eyes were still filled with concern, but she nodded in the end. “Yeah, of course I trust you. Sigh…” 
She wanted to continue saying something, but she was worried that Elisa would pull back. At last, she decided that nothing could be worse than Elisa not being able to divorce Gareth officially. 
Rachel glanced at the gift packs on the table and said, “Hey, go ahead and try on the gown.” 
“That’s not necessary.” 
Rachel had already reached out for the gift packs, but she was confused upon hearing Elisa’s answer. “Huh? You don’t plan to wear his gown?”
“Mm-hmm.” Seeing Rachel taking out a gown, Elisa uttered with a calm look. “I’m not close with Will. I don’t plan to associate with him after our cooperation ends.” 
“Then why didn’t you ask him to bring back the gown just now?” Rachel was impressed by the gown. “What a beautiful dress. It’s so nice to be wealthy!” 
Elisa was not bothered by the extravagant gown. “He wouldn’t bring it back even if I asked.” 
Rachel placed her chin on her hand. “Tsk. I can never understand the magnate’s world.” 
Elisa tapped Rachel’s forehead with a frown. “Aren’t you from a wealthy family too? Speaking of that, are you still not able to forgive your father? He has his own reason for doing so back then.” 
“His own reason?” Rachel’s countenance turned cold at once. “Elisa, stop persuading me regarding my father’s matter. I’ll never reconcile with them. They have other children anyway, and I’m nobody to them. Who knows I might not be their biological child.” 
“Rachel…” 
“Let’s stop talking about that, Elisa. Are you sure you don’t want to try out this gown? It’s beautiful! Look at this bright red fabric. You’ll certainly be the center of attention if you wear it.” 
Elisa pressed her lips and refused to make any more comments. She patted Rachel’s shoulder and hummed, “Time for bed.” 
Rachel put the gown back into the bag and nodded with a smile. “Alright, let’s wash up and rest then. You should be in your best condition to impress the guests at the banquet. This time, I’m going too!” 
Elisa became speechless.
Rachel’s eyes were still filled with excitement. “It’ll be a pity if I miss the fun this time. By that time, I’ll ask Sheena and Carle to come along too.” 
Elisa parted her lips as she didn’t intend to invite the two. However, she thought it might be inappropriate if she kept it from her close friends. 
Pressing her lips, she did not give a response. Thereafter, she showered and went to bed. 
The next few days were peaceful. 
Finally, the big day was here.
###chapter38
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 38
Chapter 38 Don’t Be Afraid; I’m Here with You 
At that moment, Elisa was already sitting in Will’s car. 
Rachel was not there because she wanted to be with Carle and Sheena. 
Will was driving the car, and Elisa was sitting in the front passenger seat. 
Will looked at Elisa with a smile, “Why didn’t you wear the dress I prepared for you.” 
Elisa turned to look at him, “Those dresses don’t fit me, so I randomly picked two other dresses from the boutique. I’ll return the dresses you prepared for me when I get back. You should give them to your other female companions.” 
Will had an air of congeniality that made you feel at ease. Although Elisa wasn’t familiar with him, she felt very comfortable being with him. 
Will frowned, “I don’t have any other female companions. You are my only date now.” 
Elisa smiled and remained silent. 
Will was looking for topics along the way to spice up a party, but after all, they actually got each other instantly and were sounding off about whatever they were talking about. 
It seemed that it didn’t take them long to get to the place. 
A lot of guests were invited to Mr. Morris’s birthday banquet. 
Plenty of cars were parked in front of Mr. Morris’s house.
Some people were regulating the traffic and keeping the guests waiting in line. All the guests went with a female companion. They greeted each other and walked into Mr. Morris’s house together. 
A lot of people stopped when Will arrived. They were all looking respectfully at him. 
Will Darcey was born in one of the most powerful families in Beijing. Therefore, everyone could recognize his car plate number. They were trying with all their might to please Will. 
That’s why they stopped and looked in Will’s direction. 
Everyone was gazing at Will when he opened the door. 
Will looked handsome in a black suit. Women couldn’t help looking him up and down. 
He was nearly one hundred and ninety centimeters tall and had broad shoulders. He was indeed the ‘Prince Charming’ of every woman’s dream. 
Will’s mouth was tilted slightly. Everyone was staring at him when he slowly walked to the front passenger seat door. 
Women were gasping with jealousy before Will had even opened the door to the front passenger seat. 
There weren’t many handsome guys around them, let alone a handsome, powerful, and wealthy man! 
Both Gareth and Will were drop-dead gorgeous and at the peak of their careers. 
It was a pity that Gareth was happily married. On the contrary, Mr. Darcey was still single. Although it was rumored that Will was a player, women tried hard to pull a one-night stand with him. 
The door of the front passenger seat was slowly pushed open.
Will couldn’t stop smiling. His eyes were so full of love. 
He slowly stretched out his hand and waited for his goddess to get out of the car. 
All the guests were dumbfounded. Although Mr. Darcey was a player, he had never brought a female companion to any event with him. 
Did he just make an exception? 
When everyone was staring at Will in disbelief, Elisa reached out with her slender and fair hand. Will held her hand and helped her out of the car. 
Will’s car was parked close to a corner, so no one could see Elisa while she was in the car. 
Everyone was stunned when Elisa got out of the car in a blue dress. She had a lean back. 
Her maroon wavy hair was blowing in the wind when she stepped out of the car. 
After closing the door, Will bent his arm. Elisa was stunned, but she still laid her hand on his arm. 
Will lowered his head and whispered in Elisa’s ear. “Don’t be afraid. I’m here with you.”
###chapter39
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 39
Chapter 39 Were They Putting on a Show 
Elisa was extremely absent-minded at that moment. 
Scenes of Gareth bringing her to events hand-in-hand and gently speaking to her with displays of public affection flashed through her mind. 
At that time, Elisa felt like the happiest woman in the world. 
But after a few years… 
Elisa laughed at herself. She smiled at Will and walked towards the front door with him. 
Elisa had a beautiful and small face. 
Everyone let out an audible gasp when they saw her. 
She was wearing a tight blue dress that showed her beautiful figure. She had fair skin and a slender waist. Lots of men were drooling over her. 
Gareth was the only person who could hold her waist in the past. 
But at that moment, she was holding Will’s arm. What is going on? 
Isn’t that woman Elisa? 
Everyone was whispering to one another. Maybe they are just lookalikes? 
But after carefully observing, everyone could confirm that she was indeed Elisa! 
Some men rushed over with their female companions and smiled politely. “Mr. Darcey, it’s been a while since we last met. I didn’t expect to bump into you in front of the door. I felt it must be fate.”
Will nodded with a smile on his face. “Mr. Godfrey.” 
Mr. Godfrey had always rushed to chat with Will in the past, but at that moment, Elisa attracted everyone’s attention. Mr. Godfrey couldn’t help looking at Elisa and asked curiously, “Mrs. Wickam, why are you here today?” 
Elisa smiled and replied, “Mr. Godfrey, how are you?” 
“I’m fine, thank you. What about…” 
Before he could finish speaking, Elisa turned to Will and said, “I’m thirsty, shall we go in first?” 
Will’s mouth tilted slightly as he nodded, “Sure.” 
The others were still pushing each other and trying to get near them. Everyone was still in awe even after they went into the house. 
“Darn! That’s her! It’s Elisa’s voice!” 
“I’m not blind nor deaf! How did the two of them get together? Where is Mr. Wickam?” 
“I feel so great to be here today. I’m very much looking forward to what will happen later. I wonder if Mr. Wickam is coming today.” 
“Today is Mr. Morris’s birthday. Mr. Wickam has cooperated and maintained a good relationship with Mr. Morris for a long time. So, I believe Mr. Wickam should be coming. Did Mrs. Wickam quarrel with Mr. Wickam and attend the banquet with Mr. Darcey out of rage?” 
“But… it shouldn’t be. They are always so loving. If they ever broke up, the Wickam Group shares would definitely drop. As one of the biggest Groups in the world, Mr. Wickam would definitely lose a lot of money if their share price dropped!”
“Or perhaps there was never a family feud between the Darcey family and the Wickam family? Were they putting on a show?” 
“Let’s go in and discover.” 
Everyone was puzzled, curious, and confused at the same time. As they were rushing in, they all craned their necks toward Will and his female companion to get a good view. 
Those women who were jealous of Will’s female companion were now gossiping about them when they found out that his female companion was actually Elisa. 
But… 
Before everyone went in, a luxury car drove in. Everyone was excited and whispering when they saw the car plate number.
###chapter40
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 40
Chapter 40 It’s Showtime! 
That’s Mr. Wickam’s car! 
I wonder if he is bringing a female companion with him today? 
Gareth slowly get out of his car. His arrogant and indifferent attitude had always kept people away. 
On the contrary, Will was always elegant and gentle. 
Gareth closed the door and walked towards the front passenger seat door. 
Everyone was really excited! 
As if they had gotten some confidential data! 
They looked forward to seeing who the woman in the front passenger seat was! 
No matter men or women, their only desire was to see Gareth’s female companion. 
After a while, the door of the front passenger seat was slowly pushed open. However, Gareth didn’t help her out. He instructed in a soft voice, “Come out.” 
Linda hid her disappointment and nodded with a smile on her face. 
Everyone was bewildered to see her. 
That woman… 
Darn! 
Isn’t she Elisa’s cousin?
She had been in a persistent vegetative state after saving Gareth’s life a few years ago. How can she recover so quickly and even come to the banquet? 
She was wearing a red dress. She still looked sick as her face was pale. 
She didn’t look comfortable. After Gareth closed the door, she smiled apologetically at him. “Gareth, am I going to cause a negative impact on your company for asking you to bring me to this banquet?” 
Gareth glanced at her and replied calmly, “No.” 
In the future, sooner or later, I will need to marry this woman. Besides, a lot of problems have almost come to light. 
It’s better to make people think that the Wickam Group is planning something else rather than suspecting a split between my wife and me. 
Before attending the banquet, Gareth had already found someone to spread fake news on the internet. 
Linda smiled and nodded, “Thank you. I will never trouble you again after this banquet.” 
Gareth pursed his lips and remained silent. 
After a while… 
Gareth frowned as he could sense something going on at the banquet. Although the other guests were respectful and still trying to please him, they also gave him a strange look. 
Everyone was doing the same. 
Linda also felt like something terrible was going to happen. She looked around subconsciously and said in a raspy voice, “Gareth, I think they have misunderstood.”
Gareth didn’t care and walked straight into the house. “Don’t worry about it.” 
Linda looked at Gareth, and her heart ached. She had been waiting for him to hold her hand, but… 
Linda pursed her lips and stopped looking around. She then followed behind Gareth. 
No matter what happened, Linda felt satisfied being able to accompany Gareth to the banquet. 
A crowd of curious onlookers soon gathered to go in as two main characters entered the house. They felt amused to be able to see what happened next on the spot. 
They didn’t want to hear the story from someone else. 
“It’s showtime!” 
“Are they creating this scene on purpose?” 
“Not necessarily! I heard that Mr. Wickam often went to the hospital to visit Linda after she woke up. Although she is Elisa’s cousin, they are both young and in their prime of life. I wouldn’t be surprised if they sparked romance.” 
“Hurry up. Stop talking. Let’s keep up with them!” 
At that moment, Linda had already caught up with Gareth and was walking side by side with him.
###chapter41
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 41
Chapter 41 Gareth, I Know You’re Angry Now 
There were many guests in Mr. Morris’s house. 
Even so, Gareth still saw Will and Elisa talking and laughing at the champagne corner bar at a glance! 
A murderous look could be seen on Gareth’s face. Linda sensed his aura and looked in the same direction as him. She was shocked to see Will and Elisa together. 
She exclaimed, “My gosh. Why is Elisa standing together with Will?” 
Linda was curious. Was she being serious about divorcing Gareth? So, she wasn’t just taking revenge on Gareth? 
Otherwise, Elisa wouldn’t have attended the banquet with Gareth’s biggest competitor. 
It was an insult to Gareth, and he would never have forgiven her. 
Gareth dropped his gaze, but the murderous look remained on his face. 
Elisa and Will seemed to realize the uproar and looked towards the door together. 
Elisa’s mouth tilted slightly when she stared icily at Linda. 
Elisa frowned when she saw Linda wearing a blood-red dress. Linda is indeed a beautiful woman who also knows how to dress up. Besides, she has one admirable sick-looking face. 
But since she is wearing makeup, why didn’t she cover up her pale face? I think she did the sick- looking makeup on purpose. 
Will turned to look at the confident lady beside him. He sneered and asked, “Are you afraid?”
“Afraid?” Elisa seemed surprised. “Gareth has been your rival for so many years and you guys know each other well. You should have known my relationship with Gareth.” 
Will frowned and remained silent. 
Elisa raised the champagne in her hand, and Will clinked his glasses with hers. Elisa smiled and said, “It is imperative to get my things done today. Mr. Darcey has helped me to get to this point, so I don’t want to quit halfway and fail you.” 
Will chuckled and replied, “I was right about you.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and slowly tasted her champagne. 
Elisa’s hair fell on her cheeks. She raised her hand, tucked her hair behind her ear and drank her champagne. Her movements were indeed too sensual for Will to handle. 
Will asked Elisa seriously, “Elisa, I might be a good partner. I won’t restrict you, and I’m not afraid of notoriety, but I’m not sure if you can handle the gossiping of others?” 
Elisa laughed. She swirled the champagne in her hand and whispered to Will, “I have no energy to endure the suffering all over again.” 
Will and Gareth had the same character. They would have cherished each other if they weren’t rivals. 
They were both cold-blooded, ruthless, and would go to any lengths to reach their goal. 
She no longer wanted to stay close to a controlling and unsympathetic person. 
Besides, she was completely wounded in her previous relationship and didn’t want to repeat the same mistakes again.
Will smiled and remained silent. He had always been easygoing and wouldn’t go any further than necessary. 
At the same time, Gareth was walking toward Elisa with murderous eyes. Linda’s heart was trembling when she followed behind. She persuaded softly, “Gareth, I know you are outraged now, but after all, we’re at a banquet. Everyone is staring at us. If they went out and gossip, the interest of the company would likely be affected.”
###chapter42
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 42
Chapter 42 This Woman Is Indeed a Stunning Creature! 
Gareth didn’t bother to look at her. 
Linda was actually happy in her heart when she saw Elisa and Will chatting and laughing together. She had been planning and waiting for today’s outcome for three years. 
Elisa jumped into the trap herself, so don’t blame me for going too far. 
It was Mr. Morris’s birthday that day, but Elisa, Will, Gareth, and Linda had become the four main characters at the banquet. 
Everyone was focusing on Gareth and Will’s battle for Elisa. 
Everyone was waiting for them to put on a good show. 
Gareth stared icily at Elisa. 
Elisa raised her head. Her mouth tilted slightly and greeted, “Hi. You guys made it here.” 
Elisa showed no emotion when she spoke. Will’s mouth tilted slightly, “Mr. Wickam, it’s rare to see you with other female companion other than dear Elisa.” 
Dear Elisa? 
Gareth got angrier. 
He sneered, “It’s also my first time seeing you with a female companion. Moreover, your female companion is my wife.”
Linda was upset when she heard what Gareth said. She couldn’t tell if Gareth was trying to confuse the guests or… he just simply couldn’t let Elisa go. 
Will chuckled, “Your wife?” 
Gareth was furious when Elisa became estranged from him. 
He stared icily at her, “How long are you trying to keep this up?” 
“Mr. Wickam, you’re being too suspicious.” Elisa sneered. “I can make a fuss if you want me to.” 
“Elisa!” Gareth gritted his teeth and shouted. 
Elisa didn’t care about Gareth. She smiled at Will and said, “Shall I join you in taking care of the acquaintances you mentioned earlier?” 
Will smiled and replied, “Sure.” 
He bent his arms. Elisa was trying to place her hand on Will’s arm, but was stopped by Gareth. 
Gareth was staring murderously at her. 
Seeing that Gareth was trying to pull Elisa away, Linda took a deep breath and quickly grabbed Gareth’s arm. “Gareth.” 
Linda looked at Gareth and tried to remind him that there were plenty of people around. 
Gareth pursed his lips and didn’t let go. On the other side, Elisa dropped her gaze, yanked Gareth’s hand away, and placed her hand on Will’s arm. 
Will took Elisa away and went to greet Mr. Godfrey under everyone’s attention.
Mr. Godfrey was overwhelmed. He quickly greeted back with, “Mr. Darcey, would you like a drink?” 
Will smiled and swirled the champagne in his hand, “I’m driving today, so I’ll pass.” 
Mr. Godfrey smiled respectfully, “That’s alright. I never had the chance to invite Mr. Darcey for a dinner. I wonder if Mr. Darcey is free.” 
Will smiled and replied, “I’ll check my schedule.” 
Mr. Godfrey wasn’t happy about his answer but could only smile. He should be grateful that Will had taken the initiative to talk to him. He was also afraid that Will would run away, so he did not discuss business with him. 
Instead, he fixed his eyes on Elisa again. He was sizing Elisa up and down. 
This woman is indeed a stunning creature! 
No wonder Mr. Darcey likes her so much. He even made an exception to bring a female companion with him. 
Mr. Godfrey couldn’t hold back his curiosity, so he asked, “Why did Mrs. Wickam join Mr. Darcey at the banquet today?”
###chapter43
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 43
Chapter 43 There’s No Turning Back 
Everyone knew that Will and Gareth were mortal enemies! 
Elisa smiled and replied, “Please call me Miss Benett.” 
Mr. Godfrey’s chubby face froze. He was a little shocked when he replied, “Wickam… No, Miss Benett, you…” 
Will smiled and added, “Yes, they got divorced.” 
Mr. Godfrey was stunned! 
Aren’t they the most loved-up couple? Why are they divorcing all of a sudden? 
Before Mr. Godfrey proceeded to ask more, Will said politely, “I’ve got things to do. Please excuse me.” 
Mr. Godfrey was disappointed as he wanted to gossip more. Elisa left with Will. 
Will smiled at Elisa, “Mr. Godfrey has a big mouth. Soon your news will be circulating through everyone’s mouth.” 
Elisa frowned and looked at Will, “How did Mr. Darcey know I wanted to spread the rumor today?” 
Will’s mouth tilted slightly, “Because we are best friends.” 
Elisa was speechless. 
Will was not wrong either. If it wasn’t for the purpose of publicizing my divorce, why would I need someone as powerful and eye-catching as Will is to bring me here.
Will and Elisa clinked their glasses and smiled together, “But I don’t think the impact of spreading the news around is big enough. I believe Gareth is planning something else by bringing Linda to the banquet today.” 
Gareth continued to stare at Will and Elisa with a murderous look on his face as they were chatting and laughing together. 
Elisa took a sip of her champagne. 
“I don’t care about his plan. I just want to get a divorce.” 
They only had an oral agreement on their divorce. Elisa would only feel relieved after getting their divorce certificate. 
Will’s mouth tilted slightly, “You’re doing great.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and remained silent. 
The lively banquet is filled with crowds gossiping about each other. 
Everyone’s attention was only diverted after Mr. Morris appeared. 
Mr. Morris’s eldest son, River, had just turned forty years old this year. He was holding the microphone. 
He smiled and greeted everyone, “Thank you all for attending my father’s birthday banquet as always. I’m not going to fish for compliments. Let’s do something different this year.” 
Everyone was excited. It was indeed a different birthday event. In the past, Mr. Morris’s birthday was just a private gathering between businessmen.
But this year, not only that Gareth and Will had come up with surprises, Mr. Morris had decided to do something different too. 
Will stood in the centre. He turned to look at Elisa, “Do you believe that I came up with this idea?” 
“Huh?” Elisa looked at him curiously. Will was a cunning person who would never do anything that wouldn’t benefit himself. What was he trying to express to her? 
Understanding only hit Elisa after a few seconds. “You…” 
Will laughed and said, “Elisa, you are really smart.” 
Elisa was speechless. 
She pursed her lips. Will must have negotiated something with River. Are we going to hurt grandma? 
Elisa hesitated slightly. 
She handed Will her glass and said softly, “I’m going to the bathroom.” 
Will had a thoughtful expression on his face. 
“You have come this far, and there’s no turning back. Isn’t this the result you’re trying to achieve?”
###chapter44
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 44
Chapter 44 How Is It? Is It a Great Surprise? 
Elisa pursed her lips and remained silent. 
Will’s mouth tilted slightly, “Don’t be afraid. I’ll accompany you later.” 
Elisa took a deep breath. Just as Will said, there’s no turning back at this point. 
Gareth was ruthless anyway. So, why should I be kind to him. 
River was still standing on the stage. His mouth tilted slightly. “Everyone used to talk about cooperating with each other at such events. So today, I will create a fast track for everyone. I have prepared a board.” 
A board? 
Everyone was puzzled. After River waved his hand, two tall women pushed the board out. 
Lots of white stickers were neatly pasted on the board to cover the words written on it. 
River’s mouth tilted slightly, “This is what I specially prepared for you guys. Your names are on the board.” 
Everyone was confused. 
What is River trying to do? 
Elisa pursed her lips as she already knew that her name was on the board. 
“To be fair, we have both men and women’s name on the board. As we aren’t sure about the names of all female companions, we have written down the names of their partner. For example, ‘Mr. Gareth’s
female companion’. Later on, I will randomly open up a white sticker. The person whose name is called will need to come up the stage. After he or she is done, they will open up another white sticker and call the person up. Of course, you don’t have to come up the stage if you don’t want to.” 
Everyone was still confused and couldn’t truly understand what River meant. So, they asked, “What are we going to do on stage?” 
“Just listen carefully. Since it is a fast track for us, maybe it’s something we have hoped for.” 
Everyone was looking forward to the game. River smiled and continued, “After coming up to the stage, you may talk about the development of your company, your future plans for your company, any deals that you would like to negotiate, or any of your wishes. It’s open communication, so everyone should have fun. I will randomly select five lucky guests among those who came on stage and provide help.” 
Everyone was completely stunned! 
Why is the Morris family investing so much this year? 
Five lucky guests! 
Those local tyrants wouldn’t be moved if this game was put on in other events, but it won’t be the same case when it was organized by the Morris family. A small help from the Morris family could be a hundred million agreement! 
Besides, this fast track was really convenient! One of their purposes of coming to the birthday banquet was to be able to curry favor with the people they wanted to form a partnership with! 
There were so many people at the scene. The people that they wanted to curry favor with might also be busy currying favor with someone else.
That was why being given a chance on stage was a great opportunity for them indeed! 
Everyone was looking forward to the game and couldn’t wait to be the first to be picked by River! 
River chuckled as he saw everyone’s reaction, “How is it? Is it a great surprise?” 
Someone in the audience held up his champagne glass and tried to propose a toast to River. 
At the same time, Mr. Morris, who was sitting near the stage, took over the microphone and said happily, “No matter how far you are or how busy you are, you guys have always come to celebrate my birthday with me. I will always remember our friendship in my heart. Today, it’s my pleasure to be able to repay one or two of you. I hope that no one will feel bored today.” 
Although Mr. Morris was a high-ranking businessman, he had always been very easy-going. Everyone was really grateful to be able to cooperate with him! 
River was already standing in front of the board. He raised his hand and said, “Since everyone’s ready, I’ll open the first sticker.”
###chapter45
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 45
Chapter 45 Why Am I Bumping into This Walking Disaster Everywhere? 
Everyone’s heart was trembling while preparing their speech. They were afraid to be the first pick. 
Elisa couldn’t care less about it as she knew that Will would not let her be the first. 
She took a deep breath and whispered, “I’m going to the bathroom.” 
Will looked at her and said softly, “Sure. Elisa, don’t have stage fright.” 
Stage fright? 
I couldn’t agree with this statement. I’m someone with identity and poise. There is no such thing as stage fright in my life. 
I’ve already gotten used to big occasions like this. 
But… I know he’s trying to tell me not to be afraid of Gareth. 
Elisa nodded. She then turned around and walked toward the bathroom. 
Linda saw Elisa walking by, so she quickly excused herself. “Gareth, I’m going to the bathroom.” 
Gareth nodded while drinking his champagne. 
Elisa was a little nervous. When she entered the bathroom, she turned on the faucet and watched the water flowed. She then rinsed her hand in cold water. 
She was having mixed feelings. 
Her emotion changed when she thought of the bad idea she was having!
She washed her face with cold water to wake herself up instantly. 
I’ve always been a straightforward person. Since I’ve already gone far with my plans, I think I should let go. 
Elisa took a deep breath. She had already explained her plan to grandma and grandma had been very supportive of it. So, there was no one that she had to be concerned about anymore! 
She finally calmed herself down. 
Just when she turned off the faucet and walked out, she saw Linda walking in with a smile on her face. 
“Elisa, what a coincidence.” 
Linda’s action seemed to ridicule her in Elisa’s eyes. She knew that they didn’t meet each other by coincidence. 
Linda went to stand beside Elisa and faked a gratitude towards Elisa. 
“I’m going to marry Gareth.” 
Elisa stood frozen for a moment, then she chuckled, “Congratulations.” 
In this way, I don’t have to worry too much. Both of them will pay the price for their betrayal. 
Linda was sizing Elisa up. She couldn’t see the slightest bit of sadness in Elisa’s eyes, so she asked, “Elisa, are you sure you don’t hate me?” 
Elisa’s mouth tilted slightly, “Why should I? I wish you both a lifetime of everlasting love.” 
Linda’s smile froze and faded after hearing what Elisa said.
It’s really impressive that she can speak so eloquently now. Is she being sarcastic? 
Linda chuckled and replied, “Gareth and I will definitely grow old together. You must be exhausted for being my body double these few years. I wish you the best in finding a good man who loves you.” 
“Thank you.” Elisa didn’t want to continue listening to her nonsense, so she turned around and left. 
Linda stared icily at Elisa. She wasn’t planning to chase after Elisa. 
Elisa was an arrogant woman. Linda believed that Elisa would definitely give up on Gareth after provoking her so many times. 
Linda sneered in her heart while walking toward the toilet. 
Elisa, on the other hand, was walking towards the bathroom door. 
What she didn’t expected was the murderous look on a man’s face when she went out. 
Elisa stopped in front of the bathroom door. I should have read the almanac this morning. Why am I bumping into this walking disaster everywhere?
###chapter46
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 46
Chapter 46 Elisa Was Their Key to Victory! 
Gareth stared icily at Elisa, “Are you satisfied with the mess?” 
“Satisfied?” Elisa chuckled. “Who is the one causing the trouble?” 
She was once a devoted wife of Mr. Wickam. She had always prioritized the Wickam family and never did anything that would bring shame to them. Everyone praised her for being excellent in household chores and having a good social life. 
However, Gareth had never cared about her. He had been flirting with Linda all this while. Now that they were getting married, she had become a total joke. But in the end, Gareth accused her of being a troublemaker. 
Elisa stared at Gareth sarcastically. Gareth then pursed his lips and said, “Leave the banquet now. That’s the end of the matter.” 
Elisa looked at him and said calmly, “Will you go to the Ministry of Civil Affairs with me tomorrow to get our divorce certificate?” 
Gareth sneered, “Elisa, don’t be delusional and don’t sound me out! I will divorce you sooner or later!” 
Linda frowned when she came out and saw the two of them standing together. She quickly approached them and asked with a smile on her face. “Gareth, Elisa, why are you two chatting here?” 
Elisa was fed up with Linda constantly reminding her that Gareth belongs to Linda, so Elisa walked out of the bathroom. 
Gareth stared icily at Elisa’s back and shouted, “Elisa!”
Gareth was warning Elisa. 
But Elisa never looked back. She might be having mixed feelings just now, but after she saw Gareth, she finally calmed herself down. 
Divorce was a compulsory task for her. 
No one could stop her from doing so. 
She quickened her pace and soon returned to Will’s side. 
Will frowned as he didn’t expect Elisa to pull herself together so soon. “Wow! How did you loosen up so quickly?” 
Elis’s mouth tilted slightly, “If I’m not calm, I’ll fail Mr. Darcey’s painstaking plan.” 
She did not thank Will as her divorce would only bring benefit to Will. 
Her divorce with Gareth was a great opportunity for Will to overpower the Wickam family. The news would definitely accelerate Will’s goals of dirtying his rival’s reputation. 
However, she knew that Gareth’s company wouldn’t collapse just because they got divorced. Gareth would only lose a portion of his huge fortune. 
Will smiled and remained silent. 
At that moment, two people had already went on stage and talked about their company situation, and their tendency of cooperation. Everyone was listening attentively. After all, everyone who attended the banquet came for the interest of their companies. 
After twelve people continuously gave their speech on stage, it was finally Elisa’s turn. Will turned to look at her, and his mouth tilted slightly, “Get ready.”
The twelfth person was peeling the sticker to reveal the thirteenth person. 
Elisa frowned. Thirteen? The pronunciation of thirteen in Chinese was the same as the pronunciation of separated. 
Elisa pursed her lips and remained silent. The twelfth person was surprised to see the name on the board. “Will Darcey. Mr. Darcey’s female companion.” 
There might be several Mr. Darcey, but there was only one Will Darcey. 
The twelfth person read very clearly. 
All the audience seemed to be in high spirits all of a sudden. Excitement could be seen in their eyes. 
The competition between Gareth and Will had officially started! Elisa was their key to victory! 
Everyone was looking forward to Elisa’s speech. 
Everyone knew that Elisa was arranged to go on stage but remained silent. 
Gareth, who wasn’t concern about the speech earlier was staring murderously at Elisa.
###chapter47
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 47
Chapter 47 Please Call Me Miss Benett 
Linda was also surprised. Why is Elisa on stage? 
It must be Will who put her on stage. What are they planning on? 
Linda was curious. Will would never help Gareth to take Elisa back… Will and Elisa had come together and pushed Gareth away… Elisa has no intentions to be with Gareth… Then… 
Linda actually began to look forward to Elisa’s speech. She hoped that Elisa would continue to be arrogant and stop seeing Gareth in the future! 
Will turned to look at Elisa. His mouth tilted slightly, “Do you need me to accompany you on stage?” 
“No need.” 
Elisa was calm. Her mind and emotions were as steady as a rock. 
Will and Gareth were the main characters. Now that Elisa was standing beside Will, everyone could see her at a glance. Everyone was staring at Elisa when she walked on stage. 
Mr. Morris, who was sitting at the centre of the room frowned and shouted, “Who’s messing with me?” 
Mr. Morris was furious when he added, “I’ll have someone check it out.” 
The Morris family would never do anything to offend the Wickam and the Darcey family! 
Moreover, the Morris family had business dealings with both families, so we will never favor one side. 
Will must have bribed someone from the Morris family to put Elisa on stage. 
Mr. Morris got angrier, “Will is definitely good at playing tricks!”
Mr. Morris had no choice but to remain silent. 
Mr. Morris stared icily at River, “You have been very close to Will. Are you the one who ordered to put Elisa’s name on the board?” 
“Dad, I’m close to Mr. Wickam too. How can you accuse me?” 
Mr. Morris frowned and remained silent. The Morris family had virtually offended the Wickam family. 
Their future business dealings… 
“Unfilial son! Stupid!” 
River frowned as he replied, “Dad, I have told you. It really has nothing to do with me.” 
Mr. Morris took a breath and turned away. At this point, he shouldn’t meddle in their affairs. 
The Wickam family had already held a grudge against the Morris family. If Mr. Morris stopped Elisa from speaking, Gareth would definitely know about Will and Elisa’s plan. Sooner or later, Gareth would realise that it was a careless mistake made by the Morris family that cause this incident to happen. 
On the other hand, if Mr. Morris stopped Will, he would be offending the Darcey family. 
The Morris family definitely would not want to offend both parties at once. 
Elisa was already standing on the stage. Gareth was sitting on his chair, holding the glass tightly in his hand. He looked as if he was going to rush on stage and kill Elisa right away. 
Elisa stood at the centre of the stage with a microphone in her hand.
She looked elegant in a stunning blue dress. Her delicate and beautiful face was even visible under the spotlight. 
Perhaps this was how the words ‘Beauty ruins the country’ came in the ancient times! 
After all, she was Gareth’s wife. Now that Will wanted to get involved as well, their relationship was definitely intriguing. 
The audience were teasing and looking at Elisa strangely, but she didn’t care. She held the microphone and said softly, “I think I don’t need to introduce myself as everyone knows me.” 
Of course! Everyone was having the same answer in their heart. 
They wanted to hear more from her. 
Linda looked worriedly at Gareth. “Gareth, is Elisa going to say something stupid? Although both of you had parted ways, at least you were once husband and wife. She should always be grateful.” 
Gareth was furious but remained silent. He stared silently at Elisa who was on the stage! 
Elisa pursed her lips and continued, “But starting from today, I am no longer Mrs. Wickam. Please call me Miss Benett when you see me in the future.”
###chapter48
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 48
Chapter 48 Is This Compensation for His Actions? 
Everyone was shocked. 
She is definitely a crazy woman! 
Is she saying that she and Gareth got divorced? 
Otherwise, why isn’t she Mrs. Wickam anymore? 
She is single again! 
Will was looking at Elisa. His mouth tilted slightly. 
He then turned to look at Gareth, but was surprised that he didn’t have much expression on his face. 
He was probably trying to make some moves when he brought Linda here today. 
But after Elisa presented her speech, all Gareth’s plan had come to an end. The Wickam family… 
Gareth could sense Will looking at him. Although they were not sitting at the same table, Gareth and Will still looked at each other with murderous eyes. 
After a while, Will smiled and proposed a toast. 
Gareth didn’t care about Will. He got up and walked out. 
Linda was excited but worrying about Gareth at the same time. “Gareth.” 
She quickly followed behind Gareth.
Elisa’s mouth tilted slightly when she saw Gareth walking away, “From now on, please don’t ask me what’s going on when you see me. We aren’t enemies even though we got divorced. However, I want to ask Mr. Wickam…” 
In a split second, all the audience turned to look at Mr. Wickam. 
Gareth stood frozen on the spot. He couldn’t hide the murderous look in his eyes. 
Elisa smiled, “Since we have signed our divorce certificate, are you free to go get the divorce certificate with me tomorrow?” 
Although there were a lot people in Mr. Morris’s house. 
An eerie silence settled over the place. 
Everyone was either shocked or excited about the news. 
Gareth turned around replied calmly, “I’ll see you at the Ministry of Civil Affairs at nine o’clock tomorrow morning.” 
After that, Gareth walked out of Mr. Morris’s house. 
That day, Gareth was totally humiliated by Elisa in front of the whole audience. 
However… 
No one actually felt that the Wickam family was being slapped in the face. On the contrary, they thought it was just a self-directed act planned by the Wickam family. 
Elisa frowned. She held the microphone and added, “I’m done with my speech. I’ll pick the next person.”
She handed the microphone over to the next guest, stepped off the stage and returned to Will’s side. 
Will smiled at her and said, “Well done.” 
Elisa looked calm, but she actually was exhausted after using up all of her courage. 
Their marriage had finally come to an end. She was no longer in any kind of relationship with Gareth. 
‘Husbands and wives were supposed to love each other, but they always parted ways when problems arisen’. 
This sentence reflected on Gareth and Elisa. They had parted ways too. 
Elisa would no longer be in any kind of relationship with Gareth. 
After three years of marriage, their marriage finally ended at this banquet. 
She was finally single again. 
Elisa looked at the champagne in her hand and finished it at one go. 
“I want to go back now.” Elisa said softly. 
“I’ll send you off.” Will stood up and pulled the chair back for Elisa when she stood up. 
“Let’s bid farewell to Mr. Morris before we leave.” 
Elisa nodded and remained silent. 
Mr. Morris was sizing Will up in anger when Will stood in front of him. “Mr. Darcey, you’re playing really well today.”
“You’re flattering me, Mr. Morris. I’ve brought you a birthday gift. It’s a contract that I have already signed. I’ll just wait for Mr. Morris’s approval.” 
Mr. Morris was startled. 
If I’m not wrong, this is the business cooperation contract with the Darcey Group, which had been rejected! 
Is this… compensation for his actions? 
Mr. Morris frowned and replied in a raspy voice, “Thank you.”
###chapter49
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 49
Chapter 49 It Was a Brilliant Move 
Will smiled and said, “I got to go back to work. I will find an opportunity to compensate Mr. Morris in the future.” 
Since Will had already compensated for his actions, Mr. Morris decided to drop the whole thing. He smiled and replied, “You’re welcome, Mr. Darcey. I’ll leave you to it.” 
Will nodded and left with Elisa. The audience were still gossiping and whispering to one another. They were a little disappointed that all the main figures had left so quickly. 
The audience could only get their news from the media later on. 
Will and Elisa walked all the way to Will’s car. Will opened the front passenger seat door for Elisa and she sat in. 
After Will got in the car and closed the door, Elisa asked, “This banquet is over now. When are you going to appeal?” 
“After you got your divorce certificate. I need to prepare some documents, but it won’t take long.” 
Elisa nodded and remained silent. 
After completing the whole process, I no longer need to cooperate with Will in the future. 
I will no longer have any kind of relationship with Gareth too. 
I can finally live my own life. 
“Are you hungry? Shall we go get some food?” Will started the engine while looking at her.
Elisa shook her head, “No, thanks. I need some rest.” 
Although she was determined, decisive, and calm, she was actually physically burnt out. 
It wasn’t easy to give up her many years of affection towards Gareth. She could feel the pain to let go of Gareth. 
Will didn’t ask any further. He quietly drove her home. 
Suddenly, Elisa’s phone rang. Elisa looked at the caller ID and picked up the phone. Before Elisa could speak, the person on the other side of the phone asked in an anxious tone. 
“Elisa, how is it going? Has the banquet started? Darn, we got into a car accident! How I wish to see your performance at the banquet!” 
“Car accident?” Elisa asked nervously. “Are you guys injured?” 
Will glanced at Elisa and slowed down the speed of the car. He was preparing to go to the crash site. 
“Don’t worry. We’re fine. The guy who bumped into our car was drunk. He couldn’t even hold his steering properly and he was stomping on the accelerator. He wasn’t injured too, but he was taken away by the traffic police. Our car was hit so hard from behind that we hit the tree in front. Our car is considered a total loss and we can’t even start our car now.” 
Elisa breathed a sigh of relief. At the same time, Rachel asked anxiously again. “We are at a suburb now. We’ve already called a car to pick us up, so we might be late. How are you doing? Have you announced your divorce? Please wait until we reach! I’m so looking forward to it!” 
Elisa breathed a sigh of relief when she heard Rachel speaking so loudly and insisted on coming to the banquet. She knew that Rachel was okay. Elisa’s mouth tilted slightly and said, “Don’t rush. I’ve already announced it.”
“Are you kidding? So fast?” 
“Yes. Everything that needed to be solved has been solved. You guys don’t need to come anymore.” 
“What?” Rachel expressed her regret. “Oh my gosh! I didn’t get to see your wonderful performance! You have to make it up to me!” 
“Sure, I’ll invite you to dinner another day.” 
“You have to cook yourself!” 
“Okay.” 
Rachel was finally happy, but in a split second, she asked again, “Have you really got divorced? Elisa, are you not telling me the truth so that I won’t get worried?” 
“I won’t do that. You will read about it all over the Internet tomorrow.” 
Rachel frowned. After convincing herself that Elisa wouldn’t lie about something serious like a divorce, she nodded. “Okay, I’ll trust you then. Where are you now? Let’s have fun tonight! Tell us about your brilliant move today!”
###chapter50
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 50
Chapter 50 As if She Was Her Superior 
Elisa blinked her eyes and replied, “I’m a little tired today. Let’s talk another day.” 
Rachel understood her in a split second and said, “Okay then. Have a good rest. Call me if you’re bored and I’ll accompany you.” 
“Okay.” 
Both of them hung up on the phone together. 
Will took a glance at Elisa. He remained silent on their way to Elisa’s house. 
After they arrived, Elisa bade farewell to Will, “Thank you for today.” 
If it wasn’t for Will, her plan wouldn’t go on so smoothly. 
Will frowned, “The result was of mutual benefit. You don’t have to thank me.” 
Elisa smiled, “You should go to bed earlier too.” 
Will smiled dotingly at Elisa, “Are you caring for me?” 
Elisa was speechless. 
She was just being polite. She smiled and remained silent, then got out of the car. 
Will had always been seeking advantage from her. Will knew that Elisa was a lawyer, so he might need a lot of her help in the future. However, Elisa just wanted to stay away from Will. 
Elisa couldn’t calm her heart down on her way home.
After careful consideration, she finally made the call. 
The other party picked up the phone immediately, “My dear Elisa.” 
Elisa was really guilty, “Grandma, you must have known what happened today. I’m sorry.” 
Julia chuckled, “Elisa, you don’t have to apologize to me. If he hadn’t been forcing you and flirted with Linda, you wouldn’t have announced your divorce in public.” 
“Grandma…” Elisa clenched her phone. 
At that moment, Elisa hesitated if she should engage in the following lawsuit. 
She felt really sorry for Julia. 
Julia used to be so kind to me, but now… I’m actually hurting her grandson. 
Julia sighed softly, “Elisa, grandma had told you before. Don’t worry about me. You’re my granddaughter and no longer my granddaughter-in-law. So, do whatever you want and grandma will always support you!” 
Tears welled up in Elisa’s eyes. She couldn’t help feeling guilty towards Julia. 
She pursed her lips and not knowing anything else to say. Julia smiled and added, “You are a kind person and I know you’re not someone who would commit a murder or crimes. So, grandma will not restrain you. Good girl, just remember to come back often to visit grandma.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. Just as she was about to say something, she heard someone talking anxiously. “What are you doing? My daughter, you can’t force things that was already meant to be!” 
Daughter?
Julia didn’t have a daughter. 
Elisa knew instantly that Gareth’s mother, Monica, was the one speaking at the back. 
Elisa was curious. Is Monica at grandmother’s residence? 
“Elisa.” 
Monica was on the phone, so Elisa responded quickly. “Yes?” 
She didn’t want to call Monica her mother-in-law. 
Anyway, her mother-in-law had never liked her. Both Gareth and Monica thought that she was a greedy gold-digger. 
Besides, Monica always hated and put on a disgusted face when Elisa called her ‘Mom’. Elisa felt relieved that she didn’t have to call Monica ‘Mom’ ever again. 
“Come to our old residence now!” Monica was instructing Elisa as if she was Elisa’s superior. 
Elisa frowned but agreed to go as she needed to explain everything thoroughly to the Wickam family and apologized to grandmother in person. 
Elisa responded, “Okay, I’ll go now.” 
Monica hung up the phone directly and completely ignored her. 
Elisa pursed her lips. She had been used to Monica’s ignorant attitude towards her, but she couldn’t care less about her now. 
She called a taxi and went directly to the Wickam family’s old resident.
###chapter51
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 51
Chapter 51 If You Really Want to Leave, I Will Fulfil Your Wish! 
Elisa finally arrived after an hour on the road. 
When she walked in, the servants were looking at her strangely. 
Although Mr. Morris’s birthday banquet was a private event and that no reporters were allowed, there were numerous people who attended. Anyone could have recorded her speech at the banquet. 
Even if no one dared to directly post the recording on the Internet, they must have passed the recording around through their phone. 
Moreover… 
Linda was at the banquet too. She had a big mouth, so everyone would definitely know about everything that had occurred at the banquet. 
Monica was sitting on the sofa in a dark green shirt. Elisa could sense Monica holding back her anger. Now that Monica had seen Elisa, she shouted, “How dare you come to our house!” 
Elisa raised her head and looked at Monica. She always looked stern because of her smart clothing. 
In the past, Elisa had always been thinking and worrying about pleasing her mother-in-law. But today, she was extremely calmed. “I don’t dare to reject Mrs. Wickam’s request.” 
Julia pursed her lips but remained silent. 
Elisa had been suffering while she was staying with the Wickam family. So, it was a normal act for her to not treat Monica politely after getting her divorce.
Monica was angry but she laughed, “Elisa, how dare you talk about your divorce in public? Do you know how much damage you have caused to the Wickam family? Can you afford the price we need to pay?” 
Julia pulled a long face and shouted, “Monica!” 
Julia used to call Monica her daughter, but have since changed to called her by her first name. Monica had no choice but to lower her head. “Mom…” 
“How dare you call me mom! Have you thought about how much Elisa had suffered while she was here? Why are you blaming her now?” 
Elisa was grateful for Julia’s help. “Grandma, thank you. I actually came to apologize to you in person.” 
Monica sneered. Elisa didn’t care about her and added, “Grandma, both Gareth and I were responsible for our failed marriage, but… I’ve really tried my best. He liked my cousin more than me, so I have to let go.” 
Julia nodded . “Grandma understands. Grandma will not blame you, good girl.” 
Monica yelled angrily, “If you want a divorce, we can fulfil your wish! But do you know that you’ve put the Wickam family in a difficult position? Why are you causing trouble at this difficult time?” 
Elisa pursed her lips and replied, “I was never the one causing the trouble. Mrs. Wickam, why didn’t you think about your son who had been cheating in our marriage?” 
‘Bang!’ 
Monica angrily pounded the table. “Nonsense! Linda is just his savior. Do you want us to just leave her after she wakes up? It will definitely affect the Wickam family’s reputation. How did my son marry a
malicious woman like you?” 
Monica was a domineering person who spoke very fast and always seemed to be insulting. 
Monica was furious and was thinking about how to punish Elisa. She still didn’t know that Elisa was determined to leave. 
Monica was waiting for Elisa’s apology, but Elisa said calmly. “Mr. Wickam had promised to meet me at the Ministry of Civil Affairs and get our divorce certificate tomorrow. So, Mrs. Wickam, please rest assured that I will not tarnish the reputation of the Wickam family ever again in the future.” 
Julia closed her eyes. She didn’t want Elisa to leave, but… she shouldn’t be selfish. It’s alright. Elisa will be my granddaughter in the future and we will get even closer than before! 
Monica stared angrily at Elisa, “I dare you to say it again! Haven’t you played enough tricks over the past few years? If you really want to leave, I will fulfil your wish! We are not afraid of you!”
###chapter52
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 52
Chapter 52 Elisa’s Retaliation 
Elisa smiled. “Thank you, Mrs. Wickam. If that is all, I shan’t disturb you any further.” 
Monica’s expression immediately changed, as her anger was about to erupt. 
Is Elisa really agreeing to a divorce? However, in the next second, she snorted sarcastically. “You must be doing this on purpose, Elisa. If the divorce goes through, you know very well that it will impede the project worth billions that we are handling. You’re planning to get some profit out of it, don’t you? Or are you planning to use this divorce to ask us for some shares as compensation?” 
Elisa laughed in annoyance. I finally know who Gareth takes after – the pair of mother and son are similarly conceited and arrogant. Yes, it is true that the Wickam Group is rich, but I’m no beggar either! 
“You’re overthinking this, Mrs. Wickam. It’s stated clearly on the divorce statement that I don’t plan to get a cent for compensation.” Elisa’s lips curved into a smile. 
Monica’s face darkened sinisterly. If she wasn’t holding back herself, she would have already hit Elisa. 
Meanwhile, Julia also pulled a long face upon seeing this. “Monica, can you be more respectful? Think twice before speaking! It’s your son who’s at fault in the first place, yet now you are defending him and think that Elisa is making a scene? Do you even have a conscience?” 
“Mom! Why are you siding with an outsider? If she really wanted a divorce, why would she voice it out publicly at such an important juncture to us? It’s clear that she is planning to use this to threaten Gareth! Mom, look at how materialistic she is – how could you still defend her?” 
“I think you’re the one who is blind!” Julia shook her head in despair.
“Grandma, I’ve never cared about others’ opinions. I’m fine as long as you believe in me.” Elisa smiled at her. 
Julia nodded exasperatedly and raised her hand. “Good girl. Come sit next to me.” 
Elisa walked to her and did as she said. 
After sitting down next to Julia, Elisa realized that she was even closer to Monica, and she could see the latter’s anger. 
Nevertheless, she did not mind at all. Instead, she smiled at Julia before saying, “Grandma, I might not be able to visit you often in the future, but I will always think of you. You can also visit me anytime you are free.” 
Julia nodded understandingly. “Good, good. Young people like yourself would like to focus on your career, but have you decided on what you would like to be? Why don’t I find a job for you? You don’t have to worry about anything if you work in Wickam Group – I’ll protect you!” 
Elisa was amused by her suggestion. I am already getting a divorce with Gareth, so it’s impossible for me to work at his company! 
However, before she could reply, Monica snorted coldly. “You are just putting on a pitiful act so your grandma will take pity on you and take care of you. In the past, no matter how well you treated my son, he never fell for you. Yet, now you decide to change tactics and play hard-to-get, eh?” 
Elisa gave a snort. “Mrs. Wickam, I don’t care what you think of me – it’s none of my business. Did you ask me out today just to vent your anger on me?” 
“You–” Monica closed her eyes and took a deep breath before continuing, “Elisa, if you continue this farce, you are going to force Gareth to divorce you out of anger. Even though the project worth billions
is important, it is not that vital to Wickam Group. If he gives it up out of anger, you have no other way out. Don’t blame me for not reminding you about this – do you think you can return to the Benett family after leaving Wickam Group?” 
Elisa smiled upon hearing that. “It’s never my intentions to go back to the Benetts, so you don’t have to remind me how much suffering I will face in the future, Mrs. Wickam.” 
Over the past few years this was the first time Elisa retaliated against Monica. The latter became so furious that she did not even filter out her insults. “Do you think that Will Darcey will really love you for your looks? After the divorce, I bet he won’t even spare you a second glance. There are so many beautiful women out there; why would he want used goods?”
###chapter53
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 53
Chapter 53 To the Wall 
After hearing that, Julia had completely lost her temper. “Monica! Listen to what you’ve just said! Get your *ss upstairs!” 
Monica frowned upon hearing that. This time around, she, too, defied Julia’s wishes and continued to speak to Elisa darkly, “Elisa, I’m sure you know the ugly truth without me saying it out loud. Now, you have two choices.” 
Elisa arched her eyebrows. “Go on.” 
Her nonchalant reply angered Monica further. However, the latter believed that Elisa would start panicking when she hears what she had to say. 
“First, finalize the divorce. From now onwards, you will be strangers to us, and we won’t give you a single cent. Second–” 
“Save your breath. I’ll take the first option,” Elisa interrupted decisively, making Monica almost lose her sanity. 
Her lips curled into a slight smile, but she no longer looked at Monica. Instead, she said to Julia, “Grandma, it’s not early anymore, and I don’t have intentions to stay for too long. Have a great evening.” 
Julia nodded. “Sure. Take care on your way home.” 
“Elisa Benett, contact the media for a public apology right away and tell them today was a prank! Clarify that this has nothing to do with Wickam Group and that you are not having a divorce!”
However, Elisa arched her eyebrows upon hearing that. Knowing that this was Monica’s second option, she could not stop chuckling. “Mrs. Wickam, didn’t you say that I had two choices? If that’s the case, why do you ask me to apologize? I put so much effort into getting a divorce. If I apologize now, how can I proceed with it?” 
“You–” 
Smiling, Elisa rose from her seat. “Mrs. Wickam, I hope that we will never meet again. In the past, I tolerated everything because you are older than me, but from now onwards…” 
Her beam became wider as her voice trailed off nonchalantly. 
“Elisa Benett!” 
Julia heaved a sigh. It had been difficult for her to be their middleman. She looked at Elisa before saying once more, “Take care.” 
This time around, Elisa nodded and immediately turned around to leave. 
She knew that Julia was in a difficult position. Even though the latter took pity on her, it was Wickam Group that had been affected the most. 
Nevertheless, unexpected to her, just as she opened the door, she saw a figure standing right outside. The man’s sharp gaze sent a shiver down her spine. 
She took a step back involuntarily to give way to him. 
As soon as Monica saw her son, her anger slightly abated, but she still fumed angrily, “Gareth, keep an eye on Elisa! She defied my wishes just now! The scandal between you guys has already been made public – isn’t that enough? This time around, you have to make Elisa apologize in public. Get out of here and discuss this among the two of you!”
Julia was speechless upon hearing that. She heaved a sigh and decided to stay out of their matters. 
Things are already at the worst point. 
After seeing Elisa, Gareth did not even budge. His stern gaze lingered on her, but upon seeing her unfazed look, he smiled sarcastically before dragging her away from the house with a darkened face. 
It was against her wishes to be dragged away by him, so her expression immediately changed. “Let me go!” 
However, her words fell on deaf ears as he pulled her to a deserted area before letting go of her abruptly, making her stumble. 
She quickly stabilized herself so that she would not fall over. 
With a frown on her face, she said, “You’re sick.” 
That was all she had to say to him before she turned around to leave, for she could not be bothered saying anything else. 
“Elisa!” 
Gareth’s cold voice rang from behind her back, but she had no intention of stopping for him. 
With a dark look on his face, he quickly chased after her and pulled her arms again. Without waiting for her response, he pushed her to the wall immediately.
###chapter54
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 54
Chapter 54 Taking Revenge on the Wickam Family 
He placed his hands at the sides of her body, with one of them holding her wrist. 
At this moment, they were so close to each other that they could even feel their breaths. 
Elisa’s expression changed immediately as she tried to resist him. With the difference in strength between men and women in mind, the outcome did not surprise either party. 
Gritting her teeth, Elisa demanded furiously, “What do you want, Gareth? What do you and your family want from me?” 
“What do we want?” he replied in a silky and dangerous voice as he continued to stare at her fixedly with a strong intention to choke her to death in the next second. 
“No matter what we do, we are nowhere as ruthless as you! How dare you ask for a divorce at the dinner party?” 
Elisa snorted out a laugh before lifting her head to look at him. However, because of their close distance, she accidentally kissed the tip of his nose, sending a jolt to both of them. 
She quickly turned her head around so that she would not be too close to him. 
Then, she took a deep breath to stabilize herself. “Gareth, I remember you used to hate getting close to me. Now that we are about to divorce, did your love for me rekindle?” 
Thud! 
He threw her to the ground before wiping his nose in disgust. 
“What? I would rather fall in love with a dog than with you!”
Sharp pain stabbed through Elisa’s entire body, but that was what kept her mind clear. 
Before this, she was thinking about holding back on Gareth even when she helped Will in the court case. Initially, she only planned to make Gareth return the project to Will. 
But now… heh! Not only do I want Gareth to give the project back, I want him to pay some compensation! Since he’s rich and stupid, he doesn’t need money anyway! 
Withstanding the sharp pain, she got up with a peaceful expression on her face. “I’m relieved to hear that. Otherwise, I’m worried that I might be dealing with what you hated the most in the past.” 
Gareth was silent at that moment; not understanding what she meant. 
Nevertheless, she explained patiently, “In the past, I always stuck close to you. Even though I didn’t know how it felt, I’m sure it’s quite annoying. Hence, I’m sure you know that you shouldn’t pass that irksome feeling along to others.” 
Gareth was so furious that he laughed out loud. “Do you think I’ll stick around you as if I’m in love with you?” 
Elisa shook her head. “Not at all. It was just a misunderstanding on my end. Mr. Wickam, this is the time you set – let’s meet at 9 AM tomorrow. Don’t forget to bring all the relevant documents.” 
She turned around to leave, but he suddenly said, “If you are willing to apologize in public, I can give you ten percent of the profit from this project.” 
“Ten percent?” Elisa stopped in surprise. Yet, she smiled when she saw the disgust in his eyes when he thought of her as materialistic. “I find your money dirty. Even if you gave me all your assets, I wouldn’t want any of them. Mr. Wickam, if you don’t want to be the laughing stock of the entire city, remember to go to the Civil Affairs Bureau tomorrow.”
With that, she immediately left him, not wanting to listen to another word from him. 
Gareth stood at the same spot and stared at her back until she completely disappeared from his sight. 
When Monica saw that it was taking them quite a while, she went to look for them worriedly. When she saw that he was alone, her expression changed slightly. “Where is that woman?” 
He pursed his lips without replying to her. 
A foreboding premonition washed over her as she asked, “Is she really determined to have a divorce?” 
Gareth still remained silent, but it was a silent acquiescence. 
Monica’s face immediately darkened. “What a move! Is she taking revenge on us, to announce a divorce at this stage?”
###chapter55
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 55
Chapter 55 Freedom at Last 
Gareth walked outside without a single word, but Monica pulled his arm, stopping him in his steps. 
“Gareth.” 
“Yes?” 
“Are you really going to proceed with the divorce?” 
Gareth looked at her calmly. “It was a bombastic piece of news today. If I don’t proceed with it, I’ll be the laughing stock of the entire city. How can I carry on with business after that?” 
Monica’s face darkened. “So you have to give up on this project.” 
Gareth snorted coldly. “And Will will get all the benefits without doing anything.” 
Even though the project had nothing to do with the relationship between Gareth and Elisa, Gareth did not have a good reputation before this. If he was to go through a divorce at this time, other people would speculate his abilities and integrity. 
However, Will was different; even though he fooled around, he was still single. 
On the other hand, anyone could tell that Linda was the cause of their divorce. 
It was one thing to be sleeping around when one was single, but an entirely different matter when one cheated on their partner in marriage. 
Monica gritted her teeth resentfully. “Damn it, Elisa! No, this thing can’t be settled like this! I–”
“Mom,” Gareth interrupted coldly in a low voice after seeing that Monica was about to continue speaking. “Just let this matter slide for now. Having one less project wouldn’t hurt our business anyway, and even if I get divorced, it doesn’t mean I will lose to Will.” 
She opened her mouth wordlessly. Though she might sometimes be quite full of herself, she always listened to her son’s instructions. After seeing that he had made up his mind, she also decided not to pester Elisa any further. 
“I have some other matters to attend to, so I’ll say goodbye for now.” 
Looking at his leaving figure, Monica held a grudge against Elisa. 
… 
Meanwhile, it was already 10 PM when Elisa reached home. 
After packing up some stuff, she lay in her bed. 
Perhaps it was because she had something important to attend to that she kept tossing around in bed. 
Just when she was half-asleep, the alarm clock rang. 
She opened her eyes groggily with a slight throbbing of pain in her head. 
Because of that, she shut her eyes for a bit longer before getting of bed. 
Then, she went on with her daily routine – brushed up, had breakfast, put on makeup, and changed, with nothing amiss. By the time she walked out of the door, she was already the exquisitely dressed Elisa. 
The dark circles under her eyes had already been hidden by her concealer.
When Gareth arrived at nine in the morning, he felt as if something was blocking his arteries when he saw her good looks. 
She smiled at him. “Good morning! Have you taken your breakfast, Mr. Wickam?” 
“If I said I hadn’t eaten anything; would you cook something for me?” he mocked sarcastically. 
“I’m sure that cousin of mine would make it for you,” she hinted with a smile. 
Without another word, he walked into the office. 
There were many people at the Civil Affairs Bureau, perhaps some paparazzi were waiting for their arrival in the dark. After all, it was a big scoop – the president of Wickam Group was about to get a divorce. Everyone was waiting for the latest gossip. 
Nevertheless, since he held a rather powerful position, his request was prioritized. Their divorce was soon under way. 
When Gareth saw Elisa sign the agreement without any hesitation, the veins on his forehead throbbed. However, he merely pursed his lips and signed his share without any comment. 
The person in charge of their divorce was also quite nervous. Since it was a huge scandal, most people had heard about the news. Knowing that Gareth was most likely in a foul mood, everyone was afraid of offending him. 
At this critical point, no one dared to antagonize him. 
When all the agreements were signed and the divorce settlement was issued, Elisa’s tensed expression eased up, and she finally smiled.
Holding the divorce statement in her hand gingerly, she thought, I’m finally free after three years of imprisonment.
###chapter56
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 56
Chapter 56 Don’t Hold It Against Her 
Elisa got up and looked at Gareth. With a smile, she said, “Good bye, Mr. Wickam.” 
She sounded slightly wistful, as though they were never to meet again. 
Nevertheless, he merely let out a cold snort and walked away without sparing her a second glance. 
But… 
As soon as he walked out of the building, he immediately came to a sudden halt, making Elisa almost bump into him. 
When she raised her head, she saw Will leaning against the wall, waiting for her with both his hands in his pockets. 
Why is he here? Her eyes flickered. 
He smiled at Gareth. “Hi again, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth’s face darkened even further as he returned a frosty stare. “Mr. Darcey, it’s quite windy today – do take care.” 
It was a clear reminder to him, but Will did not seem to mind at all. 
“Don’t worry about it – my body is quite strong and healthy.” 
After giving him another cold smile, Gareth left. 
Will’s gaze shifted to Elisa. “Congratulations on becoming single again,” he said with a loving look in his eyes.
Elisa’s eyes flickered slightly as she placed the divorce statement into her bag. “Thanks.” 
She knew that Will was here to add fuel to fire. 
Of course he was relieved she had finally divorced him, but he also wanted to annoy Gareth. 
If his opponent was living a good life, it would be considered a disrespect to himself. 
“What would you like to eat?” he asked, walking closer to Elisa. 
She shook her head. “I ate before I came out just now, but thanks for asking, Mr. Darcey.” 
Upon hearing her reply, he arched his eyebrows, but he did not force his intentions upon her. Instead, he asked gently, “Are you going home? I can give you a lift.” 
She pursed her lips. Just as she was about to reject him, he had already grabbed her wrist and shoved her into the front seat of his car. 
Seeing that she still attempted to get out, he blocked her with a smile on his face. “You don’t have to feel pressured when you’re with me. I won’t use you for my own benefit; even if I do, there’s genuine feelings behind that as well.” 
She smiled. “What a joke, Mr. Darcey.” 
Genuine feelings are the most worthless thing in the world. After the past three years, I’ve finally understood that I would rather believe in anything else apart from love. Perhaps others might find true love, but these two words won’t happen to me ever again. 
Since she no longer had the intention to get out of the car, Will closed the door and went to the driver’s seat. 
“Where are we going?”
He turned on the engine, shifted the gear, and started driving. 
Elisa was about to ask some further questions, but her phone suddenly rang. 
Her eyes flickered with uncertainty when she saw that the caller was Julia, but after some hesitation, she finally picked it up. 
“Grandma.” 
“Elisa, both of you–” 
“We’re divorced.” She pursed her lips. 
“Oh…” Julia could not help sighing. “Well, it’s for the better, so you won’t be spending your time in pain. Don’t worry – I will find the best guy for you, who is a hundred times better than Gareth! I will find a man who would love his wife.” 
Elisa burst out laughing. “It’s okay, Grandma. I don’t have any intentions of that sort right now. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
However, as soon as she finished speaking, she suddenly heard Monica’s loud yell. “What? Elisa divorced you?” 
From her tone, it seemed like she was in a call with Gareth. 
Julia quickly covered the earpiece and explained exasperatedly, “Elisa, I know that you have suffered a lot because of this, but Monica’s temperament is just like this. Don’t hold it against her.” 
While speaking, Elisa could hear that Julia was walking away, and she guessed that the latter was either walking to the washroom or back to her room.
When she heard what Julia told her right after that, she felt less guilty about the divorce.
###chapter57
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 57
Chapter 57 Refused to Apologize 
“It’s all about money for them! Is it that important? I can’t wait to see Wickam Group go bankrupt soon! Back when we didn’t have a lot of money, we had a much better life. In the past, your grandpa wasn’t like that, but everything is different now!” 
Elisa’s eyes flickered wistfully. “Grandma…” 
“Alas, I even lost a perfect granddaughter-in-law. I’m devastated…” 
Elisa smiled and replied, “Grandma, I’m your real granddaughter, am I not?” 
“Yes, you are right! I don’t want them as my family anymore!” 
She tried to cheer Julia up before hanging up the phone. 
Since a long time ago, she had been hearing such complaints from Julia, that money had completely changed the character of the Wickams, and that she didn’t wish for their family to be so affluent. 
After this… 
Elisa’s eyes flickered as she thought about it, but at this moment, Will turned around to look at her. “I suddenly feel like eating the steak you make. Can you make it for me for lunch?” 
She immediately returned to her senses and looked at him; he was smiling affectionately as he looked straight ahead. 
Unable to help herself, she said, “Actually, now that Gareth and I are divorced, we have already accomplished your goal. I will also continue to fight the lawsuit for you. But, do you have other motives for getting closer to me?”
Since the traffic light in front of them just turned red, he slammed his foot on the brakes before shifting the gears. 
Then, he turned around to look at her. “I already told you just now – I have genuine feelings for you apart from our partnership. Why don’t you believe me?” 
She smiled at him. “You are a prominent figure, Mr. Darcey, while I’m just a nobody. How would I dare to believe that?” 
He was at a loss for words after hearing that. 
Shaking his head exasperatedly, he explained, “I used to think that you are elegant and smart, but after getting to know you more, now I think that you have a rather strong personality.” 
For example, she had her own pride that she refused to let others step on. Because of that, she immediately proceeded to have a divorce without any second thoughts. 
She turned around to look nonchalantly at the traffic light that had just turned green before speaking calmly, “I want to draw a line here for our relationship. I also hope that you won’t go out of your way for me.” 
“Go out of my way for you?” He looked at her. “Are you referring to Gareth?” 
She replied coolly, “We are divorced now, so I don’t have an inkling to care for him. I’m just worried that I might be in trouble with all the other women you are surrounded by, and I might not even know how I get framed.” 
He could not help laughing when he heard that. “It won’t happen.” 
Seeing that the cars in front of them had started moving, he shifted the gear again. As the car slowly moved forward, he said gently, “I will protect you. Since you are single again, I believe I have the
opportunity to date you.” 
“Please don’t. I can’t take the risk.” Her lips twitched into a smile. 
As the car slowly drove to her apartment, she leaned against the seat and turned around to look at the heavy traffic around them with a dazed look in her eyes. 
I feel like I have been hurrying to get things done all my life, but today I finally have the opportunity to enjoy the view of the outside world. From today onward, I won’t be bounded by the Wickam family any further, and I’m not Mrs. Wickam anymore. I can be myself completely – Elisa Benett. 
… 
On the other hand, at the Benett family, Linda and her parents were waiting for a phone call in the living room, looking tense and worried. 
Her father, Norman Benett frowned. “Can they really get a divorce? It’s a crucial juncture for the Wickam family now. No matter how much Gareth despises Elisa, he has to secure the project first before doing anything else, doesn’t he?” 
Linda smiled when she heard that. “Didn’t you see what happened at the party yesterday? Dad, do you think the situation can be salvaged?” 
Her mother, Rose Meek, nodded and added sarcastically, “That’s right, dear. Stop giving yourself more trouble. Just yesterday, I heard from the Wickam family maids that Monica wanted Elisa to apologize in public, but you know how Elisa is – so proud and arrogant! She refused to apologize, and so there is no other way out of the situation apart from having a divorce.” 
Linda nodded with a smile. “You’re right, Mom.”
Norman continued to frown, thinking that the news was not too accurate. However, in the next second, the phone rang.
###chapter58
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 58
Chapter 58 She’s Just a Loser 
Linda immediately got up and picked up the phone. 
Before Linda could even speak, the caller had already reported everything to her, making her smile widen as she said, “Got it.” 
With that, she hung up and looked at her parents with a wide beam on her face. 
Rose asked in surprise, “Is it done?” 
Linda nodded with a smile. “Yes. They are divorced now.” 
Norman was stunned to hear that. “How rich are they to reject a contract worth billions on a whim?” 
Linda could not stop grinning. “It doesn’t matter. The most important thing is that I can soon marry him. Gareth has been treating me very well, and his grandfather and mother like me a lot.” 
Rose nodded, smiling all the way. “Of course they do! I’ve raised Linda to be such a lovely girl! She’s elegant, generous, and kind. On top of that, she’s smart. Who wouldn’t like her?” 
Norman laughed out loud upon hearing that. “That’s right! I’m the one who did not work hard enough and made both of you wait so long. Otherwise, the person who married into the Wickam family wouldn’t be Elisa.” 
Linda shook her head. “Don’t worry about it, Dad. If it wasn’t for this, Gareth’s feelings for me wouldn’t deepen, and the Wickam family wouldn’t be thankful to me.” 
Rose also nodded in agreement. “That’s right. This just proves that everything we did before this was worth it. Apart from that, we depended on her dad for too long. It will take a lot of time to take over their
assets.” 
Sitting in between them, Linda placed both their hands on her knees. Holding their hands together, she smiled warmly. “No matter what, we are a strong family who won’t be taken advantage of by others. Apart from that, the Wickam family needs to work with us. Hence, my marriage with Gareth will never fall apart.” 
“Yes, you are right. I won’t let you suffer, Linda. Now that he has just been divorced, it’s not a good time for me to bring the matter up. But don’t you worry, after a while, I’ll talk to Old Mr. Wickam and get Gareth to marry you.” 
She nodded gratefully. “Thanks, Dad.” 
“Silly girl, you don’t have to be so polite with me; we are a family.” 
… 
The media was having a field day with the news of the divorce. 
At this moment, the news had broken up online that Gareth and Elisa, the loving couple, had divorced. 
Meanwhile, Elisa was looking at the comments with a tinge of self-derogatory mockery in her eyes. 
A comment from Lovebird: ‘Aw… but they were so loving! In the past, I used to think that love was unstable, but when I saw them, I found faith in love once again. How could they divorce? I won’t believe in love again!’ 
Gulptheskydown also commented: ‘Believe in love? I believe that there’s true love, but it also depends on luck. Nevertheless, there’s no true love in these rich families. For them, love is an excuse to earn
money together. Once it no longer benefits them, they will leave each other. How could you believe that?’ 
Gorgeouseyes: ‘I believed it! I’ve been Elisa’s die-hard fan. But… I’m sad now that she’s divorced. She is such a beautiful woman, so why did Mr. Wickam divorce her? I don’t think he can ever find another woman more beautiful than her. On top of that, she is so easy-going. I bet he is going to regret it!’ 
Thekiller commented: ‘Please wake up, guys! Since Elisa’s father passed, her uncle took over the family business. Linda saved Mr. Wickam, and she became his new toy. What does Elisa have left? Nothing! She is just a loser – so what if she is beautiful? Ten years later, when there are prettier, younger women, she would be reduced to nothing!’ 
… 
Comments flooded the Internet one after another, but when Elisa was about to scroll further, her phone was suddenly taken away from her.
###chapter59
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 59
Chapter 59 Him Again? 
She raised her head and looked at the man beside her. 
At this moment, the car had come to a stop. 
Will smiled at her. “These comments online are meaningless. If you don’t feel good, I can bring you to a certain place.” 
She gave him a slight smile. “I’m not sad, I’m just monitoring the current situation to see if the public will hurl rotten eggs at me.” 
He stared at her intently without uttering another word, while she took her phone from his grasp. “Thanks for sending me back, Mr. Darcey. Let me know when the next trial commences. Bye.” 
With that, she got out of the car, but he merely stared at her as she close the car door and walk into her apartment without moving. 
Suddenly, his phone rang, and he picked it up. 
“Mr. Darcey, they’ve divorced.” 
“Yeah.” 
“So, can we start the plan now?” 
He retracted his gaze, since he could no longer see her. “Let’s wait a little longer.” 
“We have to keep waiting?” His assistant was perplexed to hear that. “Sir, in Moranta, Ace Group is going to start the collaboration, and Gareth is obviously not one of their considerations at all. If we don’t grab the opportunity, the opportunity will be taken by their own countrymen.”
Nevertheless, Will replied serenely, “If Gareth is so weak, he is not worthy to be my opponent.” 
His assistant froze for a moment. “Er…” 
“Wait for my instructions.” 
With that, he hung up and shot a final glance at the apartment before driving away. 
… 
At Wickam Group, the atmosphere in the meeting room was the dourest it had ever been. 
No one dared to even let out a huff, for fear that they might irritate Gareth. 
Even without looking at his face, everyone knew how dark he looked at this moment. 
After all, it was not within anyone’s expectations that Elisa would be so strong-willed to dump him. 
Just when the deal with Ace Group was about to close, they suddenly called them up on this day and asked for more time to reconsider it. 
If they did not work with Wickam Group, it was highly likely that they would turn to Darcey Group. It would be an embarrassment for Wickam Group if that was the case. 
“I asked you to change the plan completely, yet this is what you came up with?” Gareth asked in a dangerous and silky voice while pulling a long face. 
Cold sweat broke on his employees’ foreheads. The person who sat next to him was especially uncomfortable. 
Panicking, they stuttered, “Mr. Wickam, this–”
With a stony expression on his face, he ordered, “I’ll give you one more day. If you can’t get it done by then, you will all be fired!” 
With that, he got up and immediately left. 
When the door of the meeting room closed, the employees could finally relieve some tension. However, the oppressive atmosphere did not seem to dissipate from the room. Without daring to speak another word, everyone collected their documents and left orderly. 
This time around, they did not even dare to comment on the situation, let alone complain about it. 
To them, they felt that the office could collapse from such an atmosphere. 
However, the person responsible for this was currently making a meal in her kitchen. 
Rachel was helping Elisa out with her eyes brimming in excitement. “Elisa, you are getting better at cooking! Oh, can you cook for me from now onwards? I really want to eat the food you make!” 
“This is for you.” With a smile on her face, Elisa felt that life had gotten a lot easier after the divorce. 
However, her doorbell suddenly rang at this moment, making Rachel’s expression instantly change. “Is it that person again?”
###chapter60
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 60
Chapter 60 Disappointment 
Elisa frowned without uttering a word, while Rachel said softly, “I’ll get the door. We don’t know who it is at the moment.” 
It could be Will, who’s popping in for a free meal, or it could be an irate Gareth. Worried that Elisa might be bullied as soon as she opened the door, Rachel offered to get the door herself. 
After opening the door, shock crossed her eyes when she saw a professionally-dressed lady. “You are…” 
“Is this Elisa’s place?” Charli asked with a warm smile. 
“Aren’t you Ms. Lucas?” Rachel nodded subconsciously. 
Charli smiled upon hearing that. “Have you heard of me?” 
“Of course I have! Iris is the person I respect the most!” she replied in excitement. “Are you friends with Elisa?” 
Charli nodded with a flicker of emotion in her eyes. “Yes.” 
Rachel immediately gave way to her. I respect Iris the most, but her assistant Charli is also an independent woman, even though she hadn’t furthered her career and only works with Iris. I love both of them! 
Charli was surprised to find the smell of food after taking a whiff. “I’m just in time for a meal?” 
In fact, she was not here for food. Since she was quite busy, her meal times were irregular. 
Elisa smiled. “Take a seat. Food’s almost ready.”
Since she had given her address to Charli, she was not surprised to see the latter here and assumed that she was here for a good reason. 
Hence, the three of them had a meal together. Rachel’s curiosity was piqued because of Charli’s arrival. 
With a confused look in her eyes, she asked Elisa, “How did you get to know Charli, Elisa? Why didn’t you introduce her to me before this?” 
Right at the door just now, she addressed Charli as ‘Ms. Lucas’, yet now she called the latter by her first name after getting to know her a bit more. 
“It’s a… coincidence,” Elisa replied with a small smile. 
It was not a lie, for it was true that they only started working together after meeting each other coincidentally. 
“Oh, I wish I could get to know her earlier!” A pained expression crossed Rachel’s face. 
Nonetheless, Charli was amused to meet her. Looking at Elisa, she asked, “Where did you meet such a fun friend?” 
Even though she had been friends with both of them for a few years now, this was the first time for the three of them to meet each other. 
“I guess we promised to be each other’s best friends in our previous lives,” Elisa replied with a smile. 
“Hahahah! I love your reply!” Very satisfied with Elisa’s answer, Rachel looked at Charli again. “Charli, I love you and Iris. Can I have your autograph? And…” She cleared her throat in embarrassment. “S- Seeing that we are friends with Elisa, can you also get Iris’ autograph for me?”
Charli shot a glance at her before smiling. “That depends on her mood. After all, I can’t force her to do anything she doesn’t want.” 
Rachel’s face immediately fell. “Oh…” 
Elisa’s gaze flickered to her. “You’ll get to know Iris shortly.” 
The reason for keeping this secret was because she wanted to keep a low profile so that she would not be inconvenienced by unnecessary troubles. Yet, she was still keeping it a secret just to be on the safe side. 
This time, I’m going to make Gareth lose the lawsuit completely! 
“What?” Rachel stared at her blankly. What is Elisa referring to? “What do you mean?” 
Then, she looked at Charli, who smiled back at her before replying, “Yes. You’ll get to know Iris in no time. I’ll introduce her to you.” 
Rachel almost leaped from her chair when she heard that. “Really?”
###chapter61
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 61
Chapter 61 What an Honor 
Charli smiled. “Of course.” 
“Wow!” 
Rachel was so ecstatic that she almost leaped from her seat and yelped. Elisa froze with guilt in her gaze, because Rachel did not know about the truth even though she was her best friend. 
If she remembers what transpired today, will she… resent me? 
A conflicted look flitted across her eyes, but she still decided against telling Rachel, with a purse of her lips. 
Vincent was a prodigy and an elite lawyer. Even though Elisa was confident that she would win the lawsuit, if Vincent knew that Will had hired Iris, he would do anything to win. If it came to that, she might face various troubles. 
Coincidentally, Vincent was even interacting with Rachel. Regardless that their interaction felt off to Elisa, she did not enquire too much. Nevertheless, she had to be on her guard, because she was worried that Rachel might let slip the truth to him. 
She knew very well that Rachel would never betray her, but she was worried that he might catch some signals from the way she carried herself. 
After moments of agitation, Rachel finally averted her gaze to Elisa. “Elisa, you used to be a housewife, but do you have any plans now that you are divorced?” 
She casually munched on her food and only replied after gulping it down. “I’ll ask Charli if she has any jobs for me.”
“Woah! In that case, you will meet Iris soon, won’t you?” 
Seeing that she was at a loss for words, Charli smiled and said, “Iris is very busy. Even I rarely see her in person.” 
“Fine…” 
Rachel wanted to make use of this opportunity to have a look at the office, but she gave up on that thought after hearing that. 
… 
The next day, Elisa really went to the law office that was set up using Charli’s name. 
There were quite many lawyers at work there, and the atmosphere was quite peaceful and amicable. 
However, Elisa’s appearance shocked everyone there. 
They could not help looking at her, for she looked rather cool in a formal suit. 
On top of that, her beautiful face attracted their attention. 
Of course, the most important part that piqued their interest was her current position as Gareth’s ex- wife. 
Charli looked at the crowd and announced nonchalantly, “Everyone, this is Elisa. She will be your colleague from now onwards.” 
One of the lawyers immediately clapped. “Welcome, Ms. Benett.” 
Everyone followed his lead, but each of them looked at her differently.
Some of them looked at her casually, giving no care to her identity at all, as they only wanted to do their job well. 
On the other hand, others were curious about her and wanted to listen to more gossip about her affairs. After all, the news revolving her and Gareth bombarded the news non-stop, making the celebrities hate them for taking so much of the spotlight. 
Of course, there were people who were disdainful toward her, thinking that she was not a real lawyer. She’s probably just going to find something easy to do so that others will think highly of her career. I bet she’s going to seduce other men outside of work. 
Nevertheless, Elisa smiled at everyone. “Hi, nice to meet you all.” 
Even though the smile on her face was perfunctory, she was so beautiful that the crowd could not bear to look away. One of the guys even replied directly, “Nice to meet you too! It’s our honor to serve you, sweetie.” 
She merely smiled back without replying to him. 
Then, Charli replied, “Alright, that’s enough. Get back to your work now. I–Elisa, follow me.”
###chapter62
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 62
Chapter 62 Albert Knowles 
She was so used to calling her ‘Iris’ that the name almost slipped out again. Charli was still not used to calling her ‘Elisa’. 
Elisa nodded and walked into the room under the crowd’s gaze. 
Meanwhile, some of the guys were still looking at her back. 
The man who replied to her just now tucked his hands into his pockets as he leaned on the computer desk. Even though he wore a formal suit, one could feel a mischievous air around him. 
There was a mole on the right side of his good-looking face. However, not only did it not decrease his handsomeness, it actually had the opposite effect. 
He had just turned 28 the day before, but he was still single. Yet, he liked to sleep around, and had had many girlfriends. 
Still looking at Elisa’s back, he could not help sighing, “She really is something, being Mr. Wickam’s ex- wife. When I saw her pictures, I already thought that she was pretty, but seeing her in person, she’s even more stunning than the pictures!” 
Standing right opposite to him was a woman who hated how he fooled around with women, yet she could not help having a crush on him because of his good looks. 
When she heard him showering another woman with praises, she smiled sarcastically. “Albert, she is already divorced, and she can’t rely on Mr. Wickam anymore. You don’t have to suck up to her, you know?”
Albert Knowles frowned and stared back at the woman, Jennifer Garraway, before letting out a sigh. “I’m not sucking up to her. Can’t you see how much I admire her? A beautiful lady like her deserved to be treated well by men!” 
The rest of their co-workers shot a glance at both of them, but none of them chimed in. They knew that Albert and Jennifer were always at odds with each other, and it was clear that Jennifer had feelings for him, while he was completely unaware of that. 
She snorted out laughing. “Mr. Wickam didn’t want her anymore – doesn’t that show that she’s no good? Even before the divorce, she was already going out with other men. Do you even dare to support her after knowing that?” 
“That’s my business. Let’s get back to work! I have a court case to handle tomorrow, so I have to make some preparations today.” 
With that, he sat down and started working for real. Albert was a man who took action quickly, so his performance was always stellar. 
All the lawyers at Charli’s firm were elites. Any one of them could handle a case independently. 
It was common knowledge that Charli set a high standard for new hires, so everyone doubted Elisa’s capabilities and if she really joined the firm because of her solid abilities. 
Fortunately, Charli was a woman. Otherwise, people would have suspected Elisa for using some special techniques under the hood to get into the firm. 
Amidst everyone’s discussion, morning passed. However, Elisa did not once emerge from Charli’s office, making everyone perplexed.
Jennifer’s gaze darted to the door several times. Finally, she could no longer hold herself back and asked, “What’s going on? Why is Elisa in there for so long?” 
“Perhaps there’s a lot for her to catch up on, since today is her first day.” 
… 
At this moment, Elisa was sitting right opposite Charli. Everyone in the firm knew that there were two computers in Charli’s office, but she only used one of them. The other was strictly prohibited to be touched by others. 
However, Elisa turned it on. 
The windows of the office were covered by wallpapers, so no one could tell what they were doing in the office. 
Charli sighed emotionally, “It’s been so long. Look at how much dust gathered here. It’s time that you finally turned it on.” 
Guilt crossed Elisa’s eyes. “Sorry about that.”
###chapter63
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 63
Chapter 63 I Don’t Even Dare to Fantasize 
Charli frowned. “There’s no such thing. Plus, being a lawyer is not your full-time job anyway. You can still do whatever you wish, as long as you visit us occasionally.” 
“I’ll be around for a while and will come to work responsibly.” 
“Hahah!” Charli could not hold her laughter. “Responsibly? This word sounds so awkward to hear!” 
Elisa smiled without saying anything. 
Charli curved her lips into a smile before saying, “Alright then, make yourself at home. I have to go out for some private matters.” 
“Sure.” 
After she left, Elisa started focusing on work. Even though she was confident that she would win this court case and even though she was familiar with the country’s laws, she still did some research. 
Meanwhile, when the rest of the lawyers saw that Elisa was still in the office even after Charli went out, they were perplexed. 
What the hell is going on? Why is Elisa still in there? 
Time passed quickly; soon, it was noon, and it was time for a lunch break. 
Everyone shot a glance at the office, wanting to see when Elisa would come out. 
However, there was no movement at all.
Unexpectedly, a figure walked through the front door – it was a man with extremely good looks, yet he had a humble smile on his face. 
Every single person in the office was dumbfounded when they saw him. 
I-Isn’t this the person whom we usually see on television? We get to see two famous people today? Is this a joke? 
Everyone exchanged gazes awkwardly, but Will did not find anything strange. There were only six lawyers in the lobby, and there weren’t any extra chairs. 
“Excuse me, have you seen Elisa?” he asked casually. 
Jennifer snorted inwardly and shot a disdainful glance at Albert, who was right opposite her. “See? I told you so!” 
Something fishy must be going on between those two. Otherwise, why would he come here to look for her? 
She pointed at Charli’s office. “She’s in the boss’ office. I can notify her about your arrival.” 
She had no intention to show herself off, but it was not convenient for outsiders to enter Charli’s office. 
Will nodded upon hearing that and smiled at her warmly. “Thanks.” 
Jennifer was momentarily stunned by his smile, while two other female lawyers also lost their focus. 
Will is really handsome! Are the cameras nowadays so lousy? His good looks in real life can’t even match what we see on television! 
Elisa was focusing on work when she heard someone knock on the door. As soon as she turned around, she heard Jennifer’s voice that was laced with dissatisfaction.
“Ms. Benett, Mr. Darcey is here for you.” 
Elisa’s gaze flickered, looking shocked to hear this piece of news. Nevertheless, she put her pen down and walked out of the room. 
The rest of the lawyers still had not left their spots, seemingly wanting to witness the exchange between Elisa and Will. 
She was confused at the reason for his arrival, but she still walked to him. 
“Why are you here?” 
“Let’s talk outside.” His lips curved upward. 
She started walking outside, with him behind her like a gentleman. 
At this point, everyone in the room was envious of her. 
“Oh, I’m so envious of her! She’s beautiful, and she has a good figure. Her ex-husband was the president of Wickam Group. Even though she’s divorced now, her new admirer is the president of Darcey Group. I don’t even dare to fantasize about this.” 
The speaker, Janice Cole, pouted and grumbled as she tidied up her desk.
###chapter64
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 64
Chapter 64 Am I So Detestable? 
Jennifer looked at her spitefully. “What nonsense are you saying? In our current society, a woman has to be capable. Who knows what trouble we might encounter when we get married?” 
Albert was speechless when he heard that. “You have some serious issues. It’s perfectly fine for a woman to focus on her career, but it doesn’t mean that other women have to take advantage of men to do so. Ms. Benett has her own career; you better not be so prejudiced toward her.” 
“You!” Jennifer was enraged after hearing that, but Albert had already started walking out of the room with his phone in his hand. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had also walked out of the building with Will. 
Appraising him from head to toe, she asked, “So, how may I help you?” 
“Yes, I have something to speak to you about, but let’s go for lunch before that.” 
She frowned at him. “I’m not hungry yet. Why don’t you just tell me here?” 
“Even if you aren’t hungry, you should still eat. If you only eat when you are hungry, it will be bad for your health.” 
She arched her eyebrows at him in amusement. “Are you so health conscious, Mr. Darcey?” 
He nodded nonchalantly. “That’s right, and I’m getting hungry now. What I’m about to tell you is related to the lawsuit with Wickam Group – it is very important.” 
She frowned at him again. “You said the same thing last time.”
And he didn’t tell me anything last time. I have a feeling that he is just tricking me into having lunch with him. 
He smiled upon hearing that. “I promise that I’m not lying to you this time. Let’s talk it over while we eat.” 
After a moment of hesitation, she finally nodded. “Alright. Give me a moment, please.” 
With that, she walked back to her seat and noticed Jennifer’s resentful face, looking as though she wanted Elisa to go away. 
Though surprised, Elisa did not comment on it and merely walked outside once again after taking her phone. 
After she got into the car, Will arched an eyebrow at her upon seeing that she was looking at her phone. Then, he got closer to her to help her with the seatbelt, making her immediately freeze. 
When she realized what he was trying to do, she quickly took the seat belt and said, “I’ll do it myself.” 
His eyebrow arched upward. “Am I so detestable?” 
“You’re a man after all.” She lowered her head and made sure that the seat belt was fastened. Finally, she put her phone down after sending a message to Charli. 
However, he merely smiled. “Now that both of us are single, we could have something more than that.” 
“Please stop with such jokes, Mr. Darcey.” Clearly, Elisa did not want to continue the topic, and she did not trust him. 
Half of what he said were jokes, and he kept flirting with her. Even though it was normal, she did not like it, and it was still unacceptable to her.
Hence, she swore not to marry such a dangerous man. 
It was true that she did not believe in love anymore, and she knew that it was very likely that she would have to marry someone as part of a business partnership. Even so, she would never choose Will, for she deemed him too dangerous of a man. 
Since he was currently driving, she did not ask him about the news he wanted to tell her about. 
When they arrived at a restaurant, he finally spoke. “Go in first and just mention my name. I’ll be with you shortly after I park the car.” 
She nodded and got out of the car. 
However, there were many coincidences. As soon as she walked into the restaurant, she noticed a few women standing around, surrounding another person. 
Her gaze turned cold as she decided to ignore them, however Linda, having sharp eyes, spotted her and smiled before saying, “Hey, Elisa.”
###chapter65
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 65
Chapter 65 Not Going Away 
Elisa paused and turned around to look at her coldly, as if they did not know each other. 
Linda’s friends frowned, clearly knowing who Elisa was. 
Even though everyone was annoyed to see her here, Linda walked to her and said in surprise, “What a coincidence, Elisa. Who are you here with? If we know each other, why don’t we have a meal together?” 
When Elisa heard that, she could not help letting out a cold snort internally. This is one of her greatest strengths – no matter how much she hates a person she would never show it on her face. Instead, she would put on a graceful and elegant act, making others think of her as a gracious person. 
She seemed to be able to tolerate anyone, and her feigned elegance made others think highly of her. In addition to that, due to her upbringing and family status, many people yearned to be her friend. Since she was with Gareth, they couldn’t wait to suck up to her. 
Elisa shot her a cold stare. “Is it fun to ask the obvious?” 
Though surprised, Linda did not show any displeasure at all. Instead, she seemed to be thinking about it. “What do you mean, Elisa? Do I know your friend well?” 
Shirley Lowe was one of her friends that did not like Elisa since the beginning, so she immediately chirped in with annoyance, “Elisa, what do you mean? Linda asked you to join us out of good intentions, yet you replied in such a rude manner. It’s solely your fault that Mr. Wickam doesn’t like you; are you blaming it on Linda?” 
Linda’s smile froze upon hearing that. She quickly turned around to look at Shirley and explained, “It’s not what you think. Elisa is just feeling sad right now. I’m sure she’ll be fine after a while. I’ve been
close with her since we were young, so please don’t misunderstand her.” 
Shirley frowned. In a justified tone, she continued, “Linda, you are simply too kind. You treat her as if she’s your sister, but has she ever returned the feelings? Why are you so careless? You’ll be taken advantage of!” 
Linda laughed helplessly after hearing that. “You are exaggerating things, Shirley. Of course, I’ll put my guard up with strangers, but Elisa is my sister.” 
Alisa Whittman also shot a dissatisfied glance at Linda. “Linda, can’t you see how she treats you? I know you care about your family more than anything else, but some people are simply ungrateful b*tches. Even if you care about her, she betrayed you and hurt you in the end. Aren’t you hurt about that? Anyone would feel devastated!” 
Linda quickly frowned and defended Elisa. “Don’t be like this, guys. Elisa is my sister.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa wanted to roll her eyes. Even though Linda had been emphasizing that Elisa was her sister, she had never once cleared the air for her. To be frank, she approved of her friends’ rude remarks. 
Ungrateful b*tch, huh? How come I never realized that she’s such a hypocrite? 
She could not be bothered with them, and instead she turned and walked to a waitress that had been looking at them, unsure of what to do. 
But… 
Before she could take another step, Shirley suddenly took a step back and spreaded her arms. “Have I allowed you to walk away?” she roared.
Elisa’s face darkened upon hearing that, while Linda quickly pulled Shirley back. “What are you doing, Shirley? Let her go!” 
Elisa had been silent all this while, but she looked calm when she said, “Go away.” 
“I shan’t!” Shirley replied adamantly, with a harsh look on her face. “Do you expect me to go away just because you asked? If you don’t apologize to Linda today, this will never be over!”
###chapter66
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 66
Chapter 66 Enough Is Enough 
Elisa was dumbfounded upon hearing that. 
Then, she let out a derisive snort of laughter out of anger. Looking at Linda, she asked, “Apologize?” 
Linda quickly shook her head at Shirley and attempted to pull the latter away, but she looked as though she had no strength in her. Of course, Shirley did not budge as well. 
Elisa smiled coldly when she saw their act. “In my previous marriage, you kept pestering my ex- husband and used various ways to contact him. Apart from that, you also sent me lots of intimate pictures with him. Do you think you are worth my apology?” 
Everyone was surprised to hear that. 
What? Something like that happened? 
Even Linda’s friends turned around to look at her in confusion. 
In the next moment, Shirley bellowed, “What nonsense are you saying? Do you think we will believe your nonsense?” 
Linda blanched and shook her head incredulously. “Elisa, I know you are mad at me, but how could you say something like that about me?” 
At this moment, she looked like an elder sister who was disappointed and exasperated with her younger sister. Nevertheless, she still chose to forgive her. 
Sighing, she said, “I don’t have anything else to say about this matter. Elisa, you will always be my sister, and if you face any difficulties, don’t hesitate to let me know. I’ll do my best to help.”
Elisa snorted out laughing. “I’m sure God will see through your actions, and I just hope that you will never be exposed. Otherwise, the higher you climb, the further you fall.” 
Linda’s expression immediately changed, but she let out a cold snort internally. Elisa doesn’t have any evidence. When I sent the messages to her, I used an anonymous account that can’t prove my identity. 
Right when Elisa was about to leave, Shirley suddenly said coldly, “Elisa, your sister treats you so well, and she is so dedicated to you. Doesn’t it defy your conscience to say something like that to her? If you don’t apologize today, don’t even think of walking away from us!” 
As soon as she finished her sentence, the door suddenly opened. Linda turned around and saw a good-looking and mysterious man that seemed to descend from the heavens. The elegance he exuded was too much for her to handle. 
However, the situation right now was different to the past. Right when she was about to speak, she realized that his gaze had been on Elisa since he entered. 
She froze for a moment before saying, “Gareth, since you’re here, please help to change Elisa’s mind. She is still mad at me.” 
Gareth’s gaze immediately turned colder. Upon seeing this, Shirley felt even more justified in her behavior. “Elisa, Linda is still thinking of you even at this moment, yet you still slander them and even suggested something so horrible. Do you think Mr. Wickam and Linda are people you can insult?” 
She was great at wordplay, and also at bringing the main point to light. Now that she had brought Gareth and Linda together, she was sure that he would be annoyed. 
Sure enough, his face darkened upon hearing that.
However, Elisa did not even bother to turn around and look at his sharp gaze. No longer wanting to waste any more time, she was about to walk past Shirley, yet the latter approached her again, not giving her a chance to do so. 
“Enough is enough!” She finally put her foot down with a frown. 
“Enough? Don’t you think that you are such a wicked person? Linda was on the verge of tears just now! You were not good enough, so you were dumped by Mr. Wickam, yet you are blaming it on her?”
###chapter67
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 67
Chapter 67 There’s No Other Woman Better Than Her 
Linda panicked and quickly grabbed hold of Shirley’s arm as she looked at Elisa. “Liz, Shirley is actually a nice girl, please don’t have the wrong impression of her. Similarly, Shirley, Liz is a great person. Please don’t misunderstand her too…” 
Gareth immediately snorted out laughing and looked at Elisa coldly. “If you have any dissatisfaction, just direct them at me.” 
Shirley was ecstatic to hear that. 
Elisa merely turned around and smiled at his sharp gaze. “I publicly announced that I want a divorce during the dinner party the other day. You couldn’t even change my mind about it, so why should I be jealous of both of you?” 
Gareth’s face immediately darkened when he heard that. 
I will never forget the humiliation during that party! 
“Very well, Elisa. You’ve become more capable.” He spoke through gritted teeth. 
She let out a derisive snort. “It’s all thanks to you, Mr. Wickam. Don’t blame me for not reminding you – if we meet again, I just hope that we don’t have to say a single word to each other. Otherwise, if anything arises, don’t blame me for being heartless.” 
Even though she was directing her words to Linda, her gaze fell on Gareth, clearly warning him that he ought to take good care of Linda and watch over her. 
She ignored Linda and her friends simply because they were insignificant to her; she did not want to waste her breath.
However, when Gareth came into the picture, she immediately became more ruthless. She could brush off comments made by anyone else but him. If he insulted her, she would retaliate without a second thought. 
She had learned a lesson from her past three years of marriage – she should had made her own life more comfortable by retaliating to anyone she did not like. 
Linda’s expression changed. “Liz, you should… hold your tongue.” 
Elisa let out another snort. Ever since Gareth entered, he had been trying to bite her head off. Nevertheless, it was already a normal occurrence to her at this point. It was just out of her expectation to meet her ex-husband and his lover just by going out for lunch. 
She no longer wanted to pay attention to them, so she waved to the waitress, who had been watching the drama unfold in front of her. 
“Hello.” 
She knew that she should had serve them as soon as they arrived, but she did not dare to interrupt their confrontation just now. 
At this moment, she quickly walked over and asked respectfully, “Ms. Benett, do you have any reservations, or would you like to find an empty seat?” 
Before she could continue, the door suddenly opened once again. Elisa pointed at the man who just entered and said, “He has a reservation.” 
Gareth and the rest turned around and saw Will walking through the door with a smile on his face. 
He arched his eyebrows when he saw Gareth. “What a coincidence, Mr. Wickam.”
On the other hand, Gareth’s expression immediately turned colder. 
Him again! 
His gaze was so cold that one could feel a chill running down their spines. 
The few women next to Linda immediately changed their expressions, with jealousy apparent on their faces. 
How is she fit to be together with another capable guy right after the divorce? Where did her luck come from? 
Looking at Will coldly, Gareth asked, “I didn’t know you like used goods so much, Mr. Darcey.” 
Elisa laughed irately, but Will replied nonchalantly, “I don’t understand what you mean, Mr. Wickam, but I would like to thank you for giving her up; I don’t think I can find another woman better than her.” With that, he looked at Linda’s friends. “Hello, ladies. Liz is important to me. Since you are her cousin’s friends, you will treat her well, won’t you?” 
Shirley and the rest slightly changed their demeanor, not knowing what he was up to. 
In the next moment, he continued with a smile, “If you do so, I’ll remember your kindness. Otherwise, I will definitely punish anyone who bullies her.”
###chapter68
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 68
Chapter 68 It Was Never a Joke 
Though he spoke nonchalantly, he was obviously serious, giving a deadly warning to them. 
Shirley, who had been giving Elisa the most trouble, immediately lost her cool. Blood drained from her face as she looked at Elisa, but the latter did not even spare her a glance. 
Meanwhile, Gareth looked at Will coldly. “How impressive, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will arched his eyebrows. “It’s most natural to protect the woman you love. I’m sure you’ll understand the feeling, since you have Liz’s cousin now.” 
Linda’s eyes flashed at Gareth subconsciously, but she noticed that he remained silent. 
Elisa no longer wanted to see them, so she asked the waitress politely, “Can you bring us to our seats?” 
She returned to her senses and quickly replied, “Oh, sure…” 
Smiling at them, Will said, “Excuse us.” 
With that, he followed Elisa and went to the private room he had booked. 
Linda slightly lost her cool. Looking at the way Gareth stared at Elisa, she asked, “Gareth…” 
He pulled a long face without uttering a word. Shirley and the rest of them did not dare to say anything, and they even had the urge to leave. 
Suddenly, his phone rang, breaking the tense atmosphere. After picking it up, he looked at Linda and said, “You guys go ahead with lunch first. I suddenly need to settle some issues.”
With that, he left in large strides. 
Linda felt slightly humiliated. Usually, even if he had any important matters, he would reject them or discuss with her about their next date. At the very least, he would wait for her reply, and if she played the pity card, he would not leave. 
Yet, he immediately left without caring about her feelings, making Linda grit her teeth, but she could not make a single complaint. His leave was like a huge slap to her face that hurt a lot. 
… 
On the other hand, Elisa and Will were seated in a private room. After the waitress served their meals, she immediately started eating casually, not giving an ounce of care if Will was a popular figure or not, and not minding if he would be disgusted by her eating manners. 
Nevertheless, he liked her this way. It was true that he had interacted with many women before, but he was not as frivolous as the rumors made him to be. Until now, he had never slept with any of them. 
He was just putting on a show. 
Regardless, Elisa did not care about that, and she did not mind at all. 
Halfway through the meal, she finally looked at him, arching her eyebrows as she did so, for he had not eaten anything. “We’ve had meals together several times before this, but you don’t really eat much, do you?” 
He sighed wistfully. “Because this is not your cooking. It’s not that delicious.” 
He had a high standard for food. After all, the chefs his family hired were master chefs. Even though he went to prestigious restaurants, it did not suit his taste.
On the contrary, ever since having Elisa’s cooking the other day, he could not forget the indescribable flavors he had never tasted before. 
Since then, he could not forget her cooking. 
She smiled at him. “Stop joking, Mr. Darcey.” 
He shook his head helplessly. “I never joke around with you.” 
Elisa froze, but she did not want to change the topic. 
“Why don’t you tell me the reason for meeting me today?” 
He smiled and replied, “Finish your meal first. I’ll tell you afterward.” 
Hence, she no longer spoke to him and continued eating. 
Seeing that he had finished his meal, she placed her cutlery down and said, “Can you tell me now?”
###chapter69
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 69
Chapter 69 Fall for Him? No Way. 
He passed a folder to her. “This is the latest information about the case. I didn’t give you complete information last time, but I’ve already asked someone to rearrange everything.” 
She took it from him and had a look at them. Sure enough, there were some differences, but it would not affect the general flow of things. In fact, there were two additional points that were in her favor. 
“This is useful.” She nodded. 
He arched his eyebrows at her, but he smiled upon seeing her long eyelashes flutter slightly. “Thanks in advance, Liz.” 
Before this, he addressed her as ‘Iris’, but he completely changed it now. 
Even though she did not like him calling her by her nickname, she did not comment on it. 
“Have you made all the arrangements? When will the court case start?” She raised her gaze. 
This time, he replied without any delay, “Five days later.” Then, his eyes narrowed. “Gareth is really a strong opponent.” 
“Why do you say so, Mr. Darcey?” She looked at him with an arched eyebrow. 
After the time they spent together, he did not seem a cowardly man to her. 
He sighed in exasperation. “Two days ago, we were competing for a project. The odds were in his favor, but your divorce helped me out slightly. Unexpectedly, even after that, he managed to seal the deal with the other party.” 
“Ace Group?” Elisa’s pupils constricted slightly.
“Yeah.” 
She frowned and snorted sarcastically. “How impressive of him.” 
Will curled his thin lips slightly and looked at her lovingly. “Since that has already been decided, I’m not going to force anything, but I hope you can win the court case for me as a chance to one up him.” 
She lifted her eyebrows. “Don’t worry about it.” 
Seeing her confidence and nonchalance, he smiled. “I believe in you.” 
In the past, he might have some doubts, but this time he was willing to place complete trust in her. 
At this point, he did not care if he won or lost the court case that cost ten billion. If he lost, his good reputation might be tarnished, but if he could win over her heart by losing, he was willing to do so. 
They chatted for a while before leaving, and he sent her back to the law firm. When the other lawyers saw this, they could not stop discussing the matter among themselves. Jennifer, especially, was sarcastic about it, but the main reason for that was because she cared about Albert’s attitude toward Elisa. 
Upon returning to the office, Charli arched her eyebrows at Elisa. “Had a date with your lover?” 
Elisa’s lips twitched slightly as she passed the document over to her. “Nonsense.” 
Charli looked at the document in confusion. “What’s this?” 
“You’ll see once you open it.” 
She opened it obediently, and her eyes lit up upon seeing what it was. “We have a greater chance of winning.”
Elisa nodded without any elaboration, but Charli could not stop looking at her. “Liz.” 
She looked at the latter questioningly. 
“You are clearly closer with Will now, and he keeps flirting with you. Would you… give in to his charms one day?” 
“Why would I?” Elisa snorted out laughing. 
Charli frowned at her slightly. “Why wouldn’t you? Even though he’s a playboy, you can’t deny that he is an excellent choice. He’s on par with Gareth, and he would love you more than him. Are you so sure that you won’t fall for him one day?” 
Elisa shook her head exasperatedly. “Charli, my heart is dead now; I won’t fall for anyone. On top of that, I’m a divorced woman, and I’m not exactly young anymore. Why would he marry me?”
###chapter70
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 70
Chapter 70 Am I an Idiot to You? 
Charli gritted her teeth. “It’s really a pity that you lost your virginity like that!” 
Elisa’s eyelashes fluttered slightly. My first time… This is one of the reasons why Gareth hates me. 
In the past, she was drugged and sent to a room. She had lost consciousness back then. She only remembered that she slept groggily that night, and that her entire body hurt when she woke up the next day, with a man next to her. 
At that moment, she panicked, but when she realized that the man was Gareth, she felt hopeful and was thankful that it was him. 
However, when he woke up, he detested her and even mocked her. 
“Elisa, do you think I’ll marry you just because of this? Your dad keeps playing tricks to make me marry you, and you even climbed into my bed. Both of you are really despicable!” 
She tried to explain everything to him, that she was also a victim, but he did not believe a single word from her. After collecting himself, he left without a word. 
That day, she sobbed in bed, ashamed to meet anyone. 
However, not long after that, her father told her that Gareth agreed to marry her. When she heard the news, she was over the moon, thinking that as long as they got married, she would try her best to make him fall for her. 
However, her naivety lasted for three years until she left, and she was left to tend to her own wounds all this while.
“Liz? Liz?” 
When she returned to her senses, Charli quickly asked, “You don’t look good. Were you reminded of the past?” 
She took a deep breath and forced a smile. “It’s all in the past. I won’t look back anymore; I will only look ahead from now on.” 
Charli gritted her teeth. “He never laid a finger on you all these years, did he?” 
Elisa froze, but she still smiled when she replied, “He detests me so much, so why would he even touch me? Perhaps he doesn’t even remember what happened that night. His memories might be as vague as mine.” 
“Ugh!” Charli slammed her hands on the table angrily, and she quickly consoled Elisa after seeing that the latter did not look good. “Liz, times are different now. It doesn’t matter if you’re a virgin or not. You are a great woman, and I’m sure you will meet a man who will cherish you.” 
She smiled upon hearing that. “Whatever.” 
I don’t even care anymore. 
… 
As usual, there was heavy traffic on the streets. 
Rachel was bringing a bag of groceries out of the supermarket, with a blazed determination to have dinner at Elisa’s place tonight. 
Her cooking is too delicious!
If only I wasn’t worried that she might think of me as a freeloader, I would stay at her place! 
However, as soon as she walked out, a black Maybach stopped right in front of her. 
Though there was a frown on her face, she still stopped and waited for the car to move away. Unexpectedly, not only did it not leave, the windows rolled down. 
When she saw the driver’s face, her face darkened immediately. 
“Why are you here?” She gritted her teeth. “Don’t even dream about it! What’s mine is mine!” 
With his left hand on the steering wheel, Vincent slightly lowered his sunglasses with his right hand. 
He wasn’t as dominant as before, and instead he had a slight smile on his face. “I’m not here to take your stuff away. Get in the car; I have something to tell you.” 
However, none of his words registered with her. She merely snorted before saying, “Do you think I’m an idiot who believes everything you say?” 
He sighed helplessly. When she was about to walk past his car, he quickly added, “I’m serious! Don’t you want to see my upcoming lawsuit?”
###chapter71
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 71
Chapter 71 Something’s Wrong 
She froze upon hearing that. 
He’s going to be involved in a lawsuit? 
Everyone knew about his capabilities. Many wanted to hire him, but he only accepted cases based on his mood. 
He was rarely seen in court, but as soon as he appeared, his opponents would immediately give up, not wanting to face him directly. 
He was rumored to have won over a thousand lawsuits. 
Rachel was also a lawyer, but because she had just graduated a few years ago and her career had not been going well, she was just a small lawyer unable to get involved in big court cases. 
Hence, she was moved by his suggestion. 
However, in the next second, her gaze flickered. Letting out a cold snort, she said, “Vincent, you don’t have to fool me! I know you are the best at this job, and you have no rivals at all, but I don’t have such a great goal. I don’t have to suck up to you at all. Goodbye!” 
He was speechless to see this. Since she was about to leave, he immediately pulled the handbrake and got out of the car. 
Grabbing hold of her arm, he said, “Why are you so stubborn? I already told you that I’m not after what you have! Let’s just be friends!”
When he saw the confused look on her face, he explained helplessly, “I’ve already thought it through. Since she left it for you, I can’t take it away. In fact, we should be quite close to each other.” 
Rachel frowned. “What’s wrong with you today?” 
He snorted. “I just thought that, since she treated you so kindly, I should follow her wishes. Now that she’s gone from this world, I’ll take care of you to honor her wishes.” 
Rachel was speechless when she heard that. Even though his reasons are flawless, I have a bad feeling about this. 
Taking advantage of her deliberation, he pushed her into the passenger’s seat, and disregarded her struggles to get out of the car. “I already said that I don’t need your help! Vincent, you must be up to no good! I won’t believe a word from you!” 
His gaze flickered slightly, but he still pressed her down. “That thing is not with you now, is it?” 
“Of course not!” She looked at him defensively. 
“That solves the issue.” He snorted. “Since it’s not with you now, do you still have any worries about me bringing you away?” 
Well, that’s true. Rachel hesitated. 
Taking advantage of this opportunity, Vincent went back to the driver’s seat and locked the door. 
Rachel’s expression immediately changed. “Vincent, you–” 
“I’m worried that you might escape halfway. Where are you heading to? I’ll give you a lift.” 
She did not know how to reply.
Something is wrong. Something must be wrong! I feel like I’ve boarded the wrong car! 
“Vincent, what tricks do you have up your sleeves?” 
“Nothing. Five days later, I will be going to court for the case between Will and Gareth. Are you sure that you are not interested in that?” 
“It’s about both of them?” she asked, astonished. 
It will be a great showdown between both of them! I’m sure it’s going to be super exciting! 
Seeing that she was interested, he immediately added, “Of course! Did you think I would take an ordinary case? I still want my pride.” 
“Hmph! You’re just putting on airs!” she snorted disdainfully. 
Nevertheless, the information had piqued her curiosity. After a pause, she asked, “Do you know who will be representing Will?” 
“Their information is well hidden. I have no clue about that,” he replied casually. “But I’m not worried as long as Iris is not the opposing lawyer.”
###chapter72
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 72
Chapter 72 I Don’t Have a Father 
Rachel let out a cold snort. “Don’t count your chickens before they hatch. Iris might be your opponent – who knows? Perhaps Will knows that you are Gareth’s buddy, and he decided to find someone more capable than you in order to defeat you. If he hired a lawyer that would lose to you, it would defeat his purpose.” 
Upon hearing her speculation, Vincent snorted contemptuously. “Even if Iris is my opponent, I am confident I can face her head on. Apart from that, she disappeared for so many years, so we don’t know who’s more capable now. In fact, her reputation is dragging me down, because everyone said that I’m the second Iris. I’ve never changed my name – I’m Vincent Shane! Never have I approved of that remark!” 
“Wow, you’re still unhappy about that? Back when Iris was at her peak, your achievements weren’t as impressive as hers. Why, now that you’ve become better, you look down on her?” With that, Rachel did not forget to mock him sarcastically. “Judging from your arrogance, I presume that you will lose to her one day, and I’ll be waiting for that to happen!” 
“F*ck!” He looked at her angrily. “Can you be nicer? We are only fighting over something both of us really want, but we are closely related to each other; we must stand together when we face outsiders. Do you have any conscience? You even wish for me to lose to Iris?!” 
She was delighted she could annoy him to this extent. “No one is going to stand with you! You wanted to take away my stuff, and I won’t allow that!” 
“Be reasonable, woman. Do you think she will allow us to be enemies? If you treat me as your enemy, would you live up to her expectations?” 
Rachel suddenly became silent, as tears welled up in her eyes.
Realizing that something was off, Vincent turned around to look at her. Seeing that she was about to cry, he immediately slammed his foot on the brakes. “Goodness, what happened to you?” 
He slowly stopped the car by the roadside. 
She sniffed and turned around, not wanting to let him see her crying. “Let me out,” she demanded in a low voice. 
“Why would I do that? To show the world that I was the one who made you cry? Don’t push the blame on me!” He frowned. 
Tears trickled down her cheeks, for she could not stop it anymore. Vincent’s expression immediately changed. “Why are you crying out of the blue?” 
She pursed her lips. “She used to be my only hope and goal, and what she left is something that will comfort me for the rest of my life.” 
Vincent looked touched when he heard that. 
When they spoke about that person, none of them was willing to state her name out loud, for fear that they would not stop their tears from overflowing if they did so. 
Her death was a tragic news that they never want to acknowledge. 
Vincent tightened his grip on the steering wheel. “We don’t have any other choices now that we have come to this.” 
Rachel wiped the tears away and sniffed. “Continue driving.” 
He looked at her deeply before saying, “Don’t you have a father? Why don’t you go home?”
“I don’t have a father.” Her face darkened. Clearly, she did not want to bring him up at this moment. 
Vincent remained silent for a while. Finally, he asked, “Where are you going?” 
She told him the address, but he was confused when he heard that. “Did you move?” 
“No.” She did not bother explaining to him. 
Nevertheless, he did not ask any other questions and sent her to the destination. 
Just as she opened the car door, she saw Elisa, who had just returned from work. As soon as she saw Elisa, she seemed to forget about all her troubles. 
“Liz!” she exclaimed happily.
###chapter73
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 73
Chapter 73 Not Capable Enough to Stay 
Following her gaze, Vincent turned around. When he saw Elisa, he immediately frowned. This woman cared about Gareth a lot, and she played her part well as his wife. But now that she had a fall out with Gareth and got closer to Will, I have no idea what she is up to. 
He had no intention of getting out of the car. Instead, he merely shot her a glance and left after Rachel closed the door. 
Rachel, however, looked at Elisa excitedly. “Look, Liz. I bought so many ingredients. Can you cook them for me?” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “You eat quite a lot – aren’t you worried about getting fatter?” 
“Nope, and I’m proud of myself. My weight is achieved by every mouthful of food. I bet those who want to gain more weight are even envious of me!” 
Elisa had no idea how to reply to that, and so they went upstairs together. 
After enjoying another delicious meal from Elisa, Rachel was beyond satisfied. However, she did not stay the night this time. Worried that Vincent might be up to no good, she went back early, for fear that he might steal the thing they were talking about just now. 
The next two days passed by peacefully, without anyone interrupting her life. 
One afternoon, Gareth’s grandfather, Darren Wickam, called Gareth to ask him to join them for dinner. 
Even though Gareth was rather reluctant to do that, he usually did not reject his grandfather’s wishes.
That night, the four of them – Gareth, Julia, Monica, and Darren – had dinner together with a rather heavy atmosphere. 
Before this, Elisa would always be present at their family gatherings, so Julia felt that something was missing with her absence. 
She could not help sighing when she thought about that, and she merely focused on the food, having no mood for chatting. 
Darren looked at her resentfully before asking Gareth coolly, “Do you have other plans, now that you’re divorced?” 
He replied calmly, “I’m going to focus on work first.” 
Darren immediately frowned. “Don’t you want to remarry? I’m sure you need a companion.” 
“Judging by the current situation, do you think it’s suitable to remarry?” He raised his head to look at Darren. 
Monica immediately interjected with a frown, “What is unsuitable about that? Back then, Linda landed in a vegetative state just to save you – everyone knows that. No one would say anything if you marry her.” 
Darren nodded as soon as he heard that. “That’s right. At the dinner party, Elisa demanded for a divorce publicly to humiliate you, and the rumors between her and Will never stopped. The netizens are already insulting her online, thinking that she cheated on you first. In my opinion, there’s nothing wrong for you to marry Linda to repay her saving your life.” 
However, Julia’s face immediately darkened. “Y-Y-You guys are too much! You forced my granddaughter-in-law to leave!”
“We forced her? She was not capable enough to stay. How could you push the blame on us?” Darren fixed her with a cold stare. 
Meanwhile, Gareth’s expression remained stony. He did not say a word, but they were not sure if he was unhappy with Julia or Darren. 
Monica also nodded in agreement. “Yeah. Mom, look at how ruthless Elisa is. I had given her another chance the other day, but she didn’t take it. If my son wants to marry another woman, why do we need to take her feelings into consideration? On top of that, she has been flirting with Will all this while – you’ve seen if yourself. The rumors about their affair are on the Internet. Many people even speculate that they are going to get married soon.”
###chapter74
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 74
Chapter 74 You Understand Nothing! 
With that, Monica snorted out laughing. “They might even get married faster than Gareth!” 
Thud! 
With a dark expression on his face, Gareth placed his chopsticks on the table. 
The rest of the table looked at him, perplexed. 
Monica returned to her senses and said, “Son, it’s not worth getting angry over her. Now that you have Linda, you have to take into account her feelings as well. She is a great woman who is smart and generous – a perfect match to be your wife.” 
Darren also nodded approvingly. “That’s right. We will have to work with the Benett family continuously from now onward. If you marry her, it would be perfect.” 
Gareth’s frown had never eased all this while. “We’re in a critical juncture now, and I have a lawsuit to attend two days later. Let’s revisit this topic later.” 
Julia could not help give another sigh. Even though she did not support the divorce, the remaining family were determined to make that a reality, so there was no use in her ion at all. 
Even if I force the couple to stay together, or even if they take my feelings into account and decide to stay together, would they be happy in their marriage? 
Darren nodded. “Well, I’m not asking you to get married immediately – it won’t make us look good as well. But you can start preparing for the wedding in two to three months’ time.”
Gareth’s lips were pursed into a thin line. “Let’s talk about this later. You guys go ahead with the meal, I’m full.” 
With that, he got up. Upon seeing their gazes, he explained morosely, “I have to get back to work, so I’ll leave first.” 
Monica quickly stood up. “Gareth. You–” 
Ignoring her, he walked out of the room without even a second glance. 
Darren frowned upon seeing his behavior. “I have no idea what he is up to. Since he’s divorced, he should be ready to marry another woman. Also, doesn’t he have feelings for that Linda woman?” 
“What the hell do you understand?” Julia exploded, not able to suppress her anger anymore. Throwing her cutlery on the table, she screeched, “It’s all about money for you! Where did your feelings go? I must have been blind to marry you back then!” 
“What tantrum are you throwing today?” Darren’s face immediately darkened. 
“Sooner or later, you will pay the price for your arrogance and indifference!” With that, Julia stormed upstairs. 
“You–” He felt humiliated by her, seeing how she yelled at him in front of their daughter-in-law. 
Monica merely sighed. “Dad, both you and Mom are getting older now. Let’s not quarrel.” 
“Am I the one who picks the fight? It’s clearly your mom!” 
He had completely lost his appetite, so he also got up. “I’m going for a walk.”
In just a few minutes, Monica was the only person left on the dining table, and the food was barely touched. 
She did not look too pleased as well. Though she was in her fifties, time was merciful to her. She looked like a woman in her thirties, and her allure was still intact. 
Nevertheless, she was quite dominant, and her relationship with Gareth’s father, Jerry Wickam, was a rocky one as well. He was constantly busy with work trips, and did not care much about her. Their marriage was a marriage of convenience – they did not fall in love with each other at all. 
Hence, even though Monica’s position in the Wickam family was quite reputable, she had never felt familial warmth and love from them. 
Julia was the only person who treated her quite well. 
No matter what, I must make Gareth marry Linda. I’ve interacted with her multiple times – she’s decent. She has her own plots and schemes, and she is smart. More importantly, she likes Gareth. Because of that, she will devise plans for him. With that thought in mind, Monica pursed her lips.
###chapter75
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 75
Chapter 75 Familiar Ties 
To select a mistress, one must not only evaluate her talents, but her family history as well. 
A slob like Elisa Benett who is just skilled at being a full-time wife is far from ideal! 
The next day, Elisa went to work in the law firm as usual. However, Jennifer’s attitude towards her seemed to fare worst. 
In retrospect, Elisa wasn’t concerned by her presence since they didn’t share the same office. 
At the end of her shift, she received an unexpected call. 
Elisa was down cast as soon as she recognized the caller ID. 
Oh no, this number… 
She hesitated for a moment, but eventually picked up the phone. “Hello, Mr. Wickam.” Eliza greeted politely. 
There was a pause from Jerry, followed by a weary sigh. “What is with the change of formality?” he responded. 
Elisa pursed her lips and fell silent for a moment. “Is there a reason for this call?”, she replied to Mr. Wickam. 
“Liz, no matter what transpired between the two of you, you’re still family. As long as you accept me as your father, I will always be that for you. Don’t you know that family isn’t bound by blood?” 
There was something in her father-in-law’s tone, that was gentle and caring, that caused Elisa to be teary-eyed. In the past several years of her marriage, her grandmother and father-in-law were the only
people who supported her through the whole ordeal. 
“That means a lot to me… Dad.” 
Since then, Elisa chose to keep that term of endearment. 
“Well, Liz, any chance you are free today? Why don’t we grab some afternoon tea? You see, I won’t be here for long due to a business trip coming along. I’m afraid I won’t have a chance to meet you again.” 
Elisa opened her lips to respond but stopped midway. She didn’t quite understand the spontaneity to meet up all of a sudden. Is this some sort of effort to persuade her into reconciling things with Gareth? 
Instinctually, Elisa had the urge to refuse the meeting. Yet, she recalled back all the times her father-in- law supported her through these years. After a moment of hesitation, Elisa responded, “Where can we meet?” 
“Can you tell me your current whereabouts?” 
“Chicago.” 
“That’s wonderful, I happen to be in the area. Elisa, why don’t you pick a location? I’ll have my driver send me there” quipped Mr. Wickam. Jerry always had a gentle demeanour on him, and never once allowed people to feel discomfort when he was around. 
Elisa kept her phone after sending out the address. She greeted Charli on the way out and was on the move. 
She spent five minutes walking before reaching her destination. Elisa reasoned that since Mr. Wickam hadn’t shown up yet, traffic was probably to blame. She entered right away. 
The cafe was still empty, so she reserved a seat for Jerry and waited patiently.
About ten minutes later, Mr. Wickam arrived. 
He must have just stepped off the plane and drove here as he was still in his formal attire. 
Despite being close to fifty, he didn’t seem aged at all. He aged gracefully and maintained his rugged appearance. 
Gareth really takes after him in terms of appearances. 
Out of a forced habit, Elisa stood up when she saw Mr. Wickam entering. “Hi Dad…”, Elisa greeted him after a moment of hesitation. She hinted a tone of embarrassment when using the term of endearment. 
Mr. Wickam nodded her way before closing the door behind him. He walked over to Elisa and made himself comfortable at the seat she had reserved. “No need for formalities. Take a seat.” 
Elisa nodded and promptly remained silent. 
They were seated on the second floor of the café. The light casted a warm glow on the veranda with the busy traffic spotted below them. 
After the two were seated, Mr. Wickam let out a sigh. “I’ve heard about what happened between you and Gareth.” 
Elisa expressed shock with widened eyes. “Father, I’m sorry. I…” 
Elisa was interrupted by Mr. Wickam before she could finish. “It’s not your fault,” he reassured. 
Elisa pursed her lips. She didn’t know how to respond. 
“I’m aware of the kind of life you’ve been living these past few years,” Mr. Wickam confessed. “If anyone is to blame, it should be me. I couldn’t manage that boy, and now these are the
consequences.”
###chapter76
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 76
Chapter 76 Who was it then? 
“Father, don’t say that. It’s not your place to take the blame,” said Elisa. She shook her head out of disagreement. She recounted, “maybe I was never meant to be in Gareth’s life. Fate just had other plans.” 
Mr. Wickam mirrored her with a disagreeing shake of his head. “My dear Elisa, fate destined you two to be in each other’s lives” he refuted. 
Elisa paused at Mr. Wickam’s statement. Is this his true intention? To make me and Gareth reconcile? 
“Mr. Wickam…” 
With her speculations being confirmed, Elisa delayed her response. 
Mr. Wickam gave a defeated sigh. “Liz…” Mr. Wickam chided. 
“Elisa Benett. You were, and still are, the love of Gareth’s life”, he contested. 
That statement made Elisa chuckle. “Hey Dad, no offense, but you should really stop with the white lies,” she confronted. “I know you think I’m still mad about that payment, but really I’m over it.” 
Mr. Wickam shook again in disagreement. “No, Liz, listen to me. I’m not lying to you.” 
Elisa had nothing to say, and naturally, she didn’t believe a word he said. 
Mr. Wickam had expected this and didn’t pressure her further. However, he continued to reaffirm Elisa. 
“You have known each other for years now. If things moved on, and if it weren’t for that incident, he will still treat you dearly as it once was. Don’t you think that?”
There was a melancholic look in Elisa’s eyes. Yes, it’s true. Gareth was kind to her and that was what made her fall for him in the first place. Ever since she laid eyes on him, her love had deepened through the years… 
But since that incident, Gareth’s attitude toward her had changed. This gave Elisa the realization and clarity to re-evaluate Gareth’s feelings towards her. It was just a misunderstanding. 
As if Mr. Wickam could read Elisa’s thoughts, he clarified, “Gareth is brash. That is true. But protecting you was his biggest priority. There was not a day he didn’t let his guard down in order to protect you. After that incident, his world came crashing down and he started acting out in rage. At home, he did not eat or drink for the next two days.” 
Elisa raised her head in surprise, “How come?” 
Elisa was kept in the dark about this. 
Mr. Wickam smiled in response. “If anything, he’s the one carrying the disappointment. Gareth wouldn’t make such changes for just about anyone, Elisa.” 
Elisa turned pale at that statement. With clenched teeth and hands, she turned tense. 
“I’m aware that you are a victim in this whole ordeal.” spoke Mr. Wickam. 
She raised her gaze to meet Mr. Wickam’s. “You believe me?” Elisa managed to choke out. 
“You can’t hide from the truth. I know the person who did this to you.” 
Elisa turned tenser by the second. “Tell me who!” 
She actually knew the answer in her heart, but after having gone through so much, she still held on to that uncertainty. Elisa did not want to think about what could go wrong, and she also believed that there
was nothing she could do to reconcile with Gareth. 
“You already know the answer, don’t you?” 
Elisa looked toward Mr. Wickam with disbelief. 
“Well…” 
“Gareth was not coerced by her, there were others. It was a stroke of luck that the two of you bumped into each other’s lives.” 
Elisa was caught off guard by the truth. It was no wonder things spiralled into this series of events. 
No wonder Linda acted the way she did. She was difficult toward her and high-strung around her, not to mention outright cruel with that temper toward her. 
So that was what happened. During that time, my aunt was trying to smooth things out, and all of this was a misunderstanding. 
In that same timeline, Elisa was blissfully unaware of the secret turmoil. Now that it was made known… 
Elisa always knew it. Linda can be reasoned! 
One by one, she is gaining the trust of others! 
But the next moment she sensed something wrong, “That… Who is plotting against him?”
###chapter77
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 77
Chapter 77 Mercy 
Elisa Benett had huge doubts that were all caused by Gareth. He had assumed Elisa knew all of this. 
If Mr. Wickam knew all of this, why didn’t he tell Gareth the truth? 
Or perhaps he claimed not to believe it. 
But if someone plots against Gareth, that person will be unlucky, but why… what’s the matter with the person who has not been seen until now? 
Or was that person dealt with in private? 
Elisa grew suspicious of Jerry Wickam and met his gaze. She noticed his agitated blue eyes for a moment before returning back to a calm expression. 
“To gain an heir with Gareth, it was purely business Elisa. But ever since you came along, the Wickam Group has been disbanded.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. 
If Gareth were to act out in violence to destroy the Wickam Group, perhaps it was intentional and there was no misunderstanding. 
The father-in-law claimed that Gareth has her in his heart despite the fact that it is possible to despise her as well. 
Now… 
Mr. Wickam made two statements— but only one could be true.
Gareth had never loved her. 
As simple as that. 
There was nothing she could recall from her past to prove her otherwise. The memories she made with him were never out of love. 
But as she looked back, Elisa wouldn’t have any other man to humiliate her but Gareth. She would rather have her pride destroyed by the man she loved. 
Mr. Wickam noticed Elisa’s withdrawn presence and commented, “Gareth doesn’t know this but the Wickam Group that harmed him had already dug their graves. Before the Wickam family could intervene, they have already fallen.” 
Elisa grinned and shook his head, saying, “Dad, you don’t know, the person who wants to divorce Gareth has never been me. So, these things don’t matter anymore. He is the one who can draught this divorce agreement, even if I were to to it.” 
Her heart was absolute and accepted this fact. Elisa would not accept any more forms of persuasion. 
With a forlorn sigh, Mr. Wickam remarked, “I understand. You may not wish to believe me, but as long as you keep this conversation to heart, you will see the truth in it soon.” 
“Thank you, Dad, for that thought.” Elisa said with a smile. 
Jerry Wickam sighed again, knowing she didn’t buy it. “I just traveled abroad, so I didn’t learn about your divorce until now. Are you willing to give him a chance if he discovers he really likes you and is ready to get back together with you?” 
Elisa simply smiled in amusement. “Dad, you still don’t have to worry; he doesn’t love me.”
“What if he really cares about you underneath all that?” 
Mr. Wickam was determined and had a resolute expression. 
Elisa was taken aback by his determination and smiled bitterly. “Dad, I can’t keep making excuses for him for what happened in those three years. I’m tired, and my love for him is gone.” 
Elisa was equally resolute. She may be less vocal about it, but there were no doubts in her mind. 
Mr. Wickam shook his head. He replied, “Yeah, he deserves it.” 
Elisa looked at Mr. Wickam with surprise. The father-in-law had a gentle personality and rarely interfered with his children’s affairs. But this time, he made the effort to talk to her, which amused Elisa. Maybe her father-in-law took pity on her. 
She was considering leaving when suddenly two people walked downstairs and turned to face them.
###chapter78
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 78
Chapter 78 How Could You Make Up Such Rumors? 
Shirley Lowe opened her mouth wide in disbelief. She was gawking at the two people sitting adjacent to each other on the second floor. 
“Oh my God! Isn’t that Gareth’s father and Elisa? Why…are they here together?!” 
Here, everyone knew the names of the rich. Mr. Wickam was not an exception. 
Linda Benett had an irritated look. Mr. Wickam had always favored Elisa, therefore he must be trying to persuade her back into marriage! 
These two had a difficult time getting divorced, and she could not under any circumstances allow them to reconcile! 
With that in mind, Linda conjured an idea. She picked up her mobile phone and photographed the two individuals. 
Shirley looked at her and questioned, “Linda, what are you doing?” 
Linda Benett smiled, “Uncle Wickam always made Elisa his favorite. There can only be one reason why he is out with her, he must be trying to persuade them back into a marriage. I’ll have Garry look at these pictures to understand how much his father wants them back together. I’ll let him change his mind and remarry Elisa.” 
Shirley looked at Linda bewildered. “Linda, are you crazy, how can you say such a thing?!” 
Linda merely shook her head in disapproval and stared at the two people conversing upstairs.
She smiled and pulled Shirley to the side. “Well, I can’t steal another person’s man. Frankly speaking, Gareth is still my brother-in-law.” 
Shirley gave her a dirty look and commented, “You’re always looking out for Elisa, but when has she ever returned the favour? What is with this sudden new attitude?” 
Linda smirked. “Well, she is family. By the way Shirley, best you treat my sister-in-law proper, or we wouldn’t see each other in the future. Understood?” 
Linda had a calm tone when she delivered that statement, but there was an underlying threat beneath it. 
Shirley understood what Linda insinuated and didn’t reply any further. She walked ahead in silence. 
Linda clutched her phone. She had sent out the photo with a string of texts. 
——【DESPERATE MISTRESS AND FATHER-IN-LAW PLOTS FOR MARRIAGE】 
After sending the picture, Linda deleted her chat history. She picked up her pace and yelled, “Shirley, don’t walk so fast!” 
… 
Elisa looked at Mr. Wickam’s friendly smile as she decided she didn’t want to talk about this subject any longer. “Dad, thank you for looking after me so well, but… I’m going to live up to your expectations,” she lamented. 
Mr. Wickam appeared concerned. “Feelings cannot be decided instantly; you must first reflect on what I said. Feel free to contact me if you run across any problems in the future.” 
Elisa nodded but said nothing further.
She stood up. To respect Mr. Wickam’s time she responded, “That… I wouldn’t waste any more of your time.” 
Jerry Wickam could only sigh. 
Elisa turned and walked outside feeling relieved. 
However, back at the law firm, there was another storm brewing, Elisa just walked in when she overheard Jennifer talking behind her back. “She has just been divorced and still prowling for her next target?” 
“Mr. Darcey treated her so well, and she still had the nerve to find someone on the side?” 
“What’s wrong?” 
The others didn’t know, but Jennifer couldn’t help but laugh out loud, “I’m talking about Elisa! She was spotted with Gareth’s father and had a swell time at the café. This must be some payback for Gareth!” 
“Shhh! Stop spouting nonsense. Where on earth did you hear such a thing?”
###chapter79
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 79
Chapter 79 The Men Are Ruthless 
“Have you been living under a rock?! Just look up Mr. Wickam and Elisa on Weibo, their photos are all over the place. They’re No.1 on the trending page,” she scolded. “Albert really is powerful with his connections. He’s not someone from the entertainment industry but manages to dominate the trending page. He’s clever in his resources! Sigh…” 
Jennifer was unashamed to announce this in front of the man from the corner of her eye… Albert merely focused on the computer files and ignored her commentary. 
Jennifer couldn’t help but speak again, “Albert, didn’t you hear what I said? Elisa is a whore!” 
Albert glanced up at her calmly, “Are you done?” 
Jennifer: “… Well! Elisa She…” 
Jennifer was riled up to continue her gossip but her arm was grabbed by Olivia Walker. She whispered, “Jennifer, that is enough.” 
Olivia gestured to the door where Elisa was standing. 
Jennifer just ignored her and pushed aside Olivia’s arm. She stood with a spontaneity that her chair dragged across the floor. 
“Albert, you are absolutely oaf! I have been here this whole time, sitting across you for all these years, yet you never make the effort to look at me. Instead, you actively seek out loose women like Elisa! Do you not care about your social standing?!” 
Albert grimaced from Jennifer’s taunts and was about to say something but was saved by the individual who stepped forward.
He smiled and quipped, “Elisa, you’re back! Ignore Jennifer, she’s spouting nonsense here.” 
Elisa merely shook her head. Before she could speak, Jennifer intervened, “Do you think I’m intimidated by someone like Elisa?! She’s busy trying to seduce her father-in-law instead of being at work, so what can she do? Is she afraid of confrontation with her actions in plain sight?!” 
Apparently, there were five other colleagues to back up Elisa’s alibi, and Olivia was trying to remind her. However, Jennifer seemed to be unaware of this and kept making a fool of herself… 
Elisa chuckled and conceded, “I’m not afraid of confrontation. Everyone here is a lawyer, so they should be well aware of the consequences of slandering an individual.” 
Jennifer changed her beat and turned around to face Elisa. When she realized that Elisa had been standing there for some time, she frowned. “If you are not afraid of confrontation as you claim, don’t just stand there silently!” 
“Quietly?” Elisa grinned. “Two people announced that I’ve arrived, yet you still completely ignored them. How am I to blame?” 
Jennifer was furious and gritted her teeth. “Elisa! Don’t you dare be bold! You seduced a man with a wife and that is a great sin! You can go to hell for all I care!” 
Elisa sniggered and stepped forward towards her. Jennifer in her flustered state took a step back in response. 
She was not wavered by Jennifer’s attacks. Elisa had an unflinching resolution to her that intimidated her opponents. 
As Jennifer realized more and more about her mistake, her expression portrayed her panicked state. Elisa stared coldly at Jennifer as she failed to find her words.
“You know, I tend to steer clear of trouble. It’s not worth my time,” Elisa said. “but that doesn’t mean I stand idly by for insults. If I were to hear a squeak from you again, don’t blame me for what comes next. Just a reminder, that my men are ruthless.”
###chapter80
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 80
Chapter 80 It Could Only be Her! 
It was a simple threat, but the six individuals in that office felt the danger behind those words. 
The observers stared at Elisa; disbelief painted on their expressions. Is this the same Mrs. Benett? She is like a whole different person. 
Jennifer wore a haggard expression that stemmed from fear. “I’m not afraid of you! I have evidence!” 
Elisa merely turned towards her office and left. 
Jennifer and the others were left in the rubble of the conflict. They stared as Elisa left the room, dignified and inviolable. 
The new Elisa seemed unwavered by the obstacles thrown against her. It was like she transformed her adversity into jealousy. 
Olivia deeply sighed with Jennifer’s predicament. “Jennifer, you need to watch your tongue. Although Ms. Benett is divorced, she is still someone you should never underestimate. Moreover, everyone in this firm is a lawyer. Do you really have to dig a hole for your grave in this kind of place?” 
“Well…!” Jennifer muttered. She looked around for Albert but found him unfazed by the whole situation. He was calmly fiddling away at his computer as before. Jennifer was not having it and fumed, “Albert! Am I just some stranger to you?!” 
Albert frowned and looked at Jennifer. At this point, he could not ignore her qualms any longer. “Jennifer, from the very beginning, I have explicitly expressed my disinterest in you. I will never view you as a lover, nor will I in the future. At most, I view you as a sister to me. Now, could you stop this constant obsession to be in a relationship with me?”
The whole dynamic between them was becoming strained. 
It was obvious that Jennifer liked Albert, but it couldn’t be said the other way around. However, people around them always felt they had a chance. 
But with this incident… 
Now it was entirely impossible. 
Now that everything was up in the air, it’s official that Albert will not give Jennifer a chance. 
Olivia sighed and said, “Everyone, let’s be nice to each other. We’ve been in this firm for many years, and we should not treat our colleagues with anger!” 
Olivia Walker was a lady that looked younger than her age. She was thirty years old with a fair complexion and blessed with a young-looking face. She could have passed as a student, and no one would bat an eye. 
Many suiters in the past had remorse over the fact that Olivia is married with children of her own. 
Another girl named Janice Cole spoke up, “That’s right Jennifer. Just because Elisa is here, you can’t just harass Albert whenever you feel threatened.” 
Jennifer’s eyes were red with rage. “Obviously, I’m the victim here! But all of you are ganging up on me one by one. I have been your colleague for years, but this Elisa girl shows up for a few days and now you’re all on her side?! Has she brainwashed all of you?” 
“Albert, help us out here!” Janice said in an effort to diffuse the situation. 
Another two colleagues followed suit.
“Yes, can’t you see we’re trying to help you out here!” 
“Just apologize so we can move on! Can’t you see Jennifer is about to burst into tears?” 
Albert was about to lose his patience. “Jennifer, even if I wasn’t fond of Elisa, I would still prefer to be in her company. Now can you understand?” 
Jennifer stared teary-eyed. “So, everything you said is true?” 
In truth, Jennifer did not care who he liked. All she cared about was that Albert was hers. The only woman in his future is her!
###chapter81
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 81
Chapter 81 Boundaries 
Since the incident, the attorneys have kept talking about it non-stop. 
Midday had already arrived as time continued to pass. 
Linda was on the move, and she was on the way to the Benett’s old residence. 
She brought along gifts for the Benett family. 
Linda gave a heads up to Mrs. Wickam that she will be dropping by her residence. 
As soon as she entered, Linda warmly greeted Mrs. Wickam. “It’s a sunny day outside,” Mrs. Wickam remarked. 
Linda nodded in agreement. “Good day, aunty.” 
Linda handed her a gift box full of expensive skin care products. “Auntie, I’ve pulled some strings to get you this gift. They’re a famous skincare company imported from abroad. Let me know if you like them, I’ll send you more in the future.” 
Mrs. Wickam gave a polite smile and replied, “Oh Linda, you always bring a gift when you drop by. Don’t feel obligated to do so every time, alright? You’ve saved my son’s life, and for that, I’m eternally grateful.” 
Linda smiled and shook her head. “It was just a gut reaction. If I had to do it again, I would have run.” She joked. 
Mrs. Wickam laughed. “Haha. Oh, Linda. Alright, come sit.”
Linda gave a quick nod and they both walked towards the lounge chair. Linda couldn’t help but comment, “Is it just you today aunty?” 
Mr. Wickam paused for a moment and gave a smile. “Your grandmother is here too. Sadly, she isn’t feeling well today, so she won’t be joining us.” 
Linda nodded and said, “Well, I won’t disturb grandma then.” 
“That’s alright. It’ll just be the two of us. So, how are you in the past couple of days?” 
“It’s manageable. However, I’ll meet up with Gareth when I have the time. It may take some persuasion, but it’s good for a husband and wife to spend quality time.” 
“Oh, my dear…” Mrs. Wickam chided. “You are too kind for your own good. Elisa can never compete with you in terms of kindness. I have never agreed to their divorce.” She professed. “Even after three years of marriage, they’ve not produced a single heir.” 
Linda gave a disagreeable expression. “Aunty, I need to tell you something. I saw Mr. Beckett with Elisa at a café the other day.” She remarked. “Even with their relationship hanging on a thread, Mr. Beckett is still adamant in getting them back together.” 
Mrs. Wickam’s expression grew grave. “You saw Jerry?” 
Linda simply nodded. “Auntie, did you not know about this?” 
Mrs. Wickam turned pale. Linda continued, “It’s not just me, someone else had spotted them and leaked a photo on the Internet. They’ve gone viral and rumors are spreading like wildfire.” 
“What kind of rumors?” Mrs. Wickam implored. She looked at Linda with a calm expression.
“Well…” Linda said with a tone of embarrassment. “Auntie, you know how the Internet is. Netizens would believe anything, so don’t take it too seriously.” 
Mrs. Wickam took up the phone as soon as she realized something was amiss. She belonged to the elite group after all. They frequently pay attention to occurrences such as this. 
Internally, Linda was overjoyed that everything was going as planned. She has gained her mother-in- law’s trust while she dragged both Elisa and her father-in-law’s name through the mud. 
“This has gone too far!”
###chapter82
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 82
Chapter 82 Wishes Don’t Come Easy 
Linda nodded sympathetically to her mother-in-law. “Yes, the Internet is always vicious. Don’t worry, that is the norm.” 
“No! What I meant is those two have gone too far!” Mrs. Wickam cried. At that moment, Linda was the least of her priority and immediately dialed a number on her phone. 
Immediately, the receiver on the other line picked up her call. Mrs. Wickam said through gritted teeth, “Where are you now?” 
Jerry Wickam was on the other line and calmly replied, “On the way home.” 
Mrs. Wickam clenched her phone to calm her temper. “Why did you meet with Elisa without informing me?! We’re going to have a discussion when you get back!” 
Linda held back a sneer as the two argued. Now that she instilled a bad reputation for Elisa, Mrs. Wickam will now lose trust on Elisa more and more. Elisa won’t have to return to the Benett’s again. 
The master of the house was Mr. Wickam’s father, and he did not look up to Elisa with respect. Since Elisa gained the Benett name through marriage, it was only time she will be removed. 
Linda tugged the corner of Mrs. Wickam’s blouse and gave her a worried expression. 
Mrs. Wickam held her hand in response while she continued to berate the receiver. “You come back to the mansion this instant! Since you have neglected the Wickam name, look at the damage you have done!” 
With that, she hung up the phone.
Linda actually got concerned for a moment. “Auntie, I’m sure Mr. Wickam will arrive soon. You must not let your emotions take over. Perhaps all of this is a simple misunderstanding.” Linda said. 
Mrs. Wickam laughed maliciously and said, “What are you afraid of my dear?” 
Before this, Mr. Wickam always knew her husband was too easy on Elisa. She just blamed it on his kind nature. But now…things weren’t as simple as that! 
…. 
At that very moment, Elisa had just gotten off from work. However, she had plans to buy out a mall. The business looked promising, and the owner wanted to sell it out urgently. 
The mall had a stable and profitable streak, and Elisa was adamant to buy it. She disguised herself after work. 
Elisa was going to lock it down. 
She disguised herself with some sunglasses and a face mask to avoid any familiar faces on the way. 
When she arrived at the mall, she met the owner and revealed her intention. Prior to this, they had discussed a selling price which Elisa came to make the agreement official. 
The owner gave Elisa a tour of the mall as he explained all of its features. “All of this was built from my blood, sweat, and tears. However, I’ve got myself in a pickle and need money for a new project.” He explained. “Dear, you are still young, but I believe you have what it takes to run it. If you face any difficulties with this business in the future, I’m here to help.” 
“Thank you, Mr. Mason.” Elisa said with gratitude. 
Mr. Mason gave a nonchalant nod and said, “Well, you don’t become an owner overnight.”
With one last inspection, Elisa nodded and remarked, “Well, everything seems to be in order. Let’s make it official, Mr. Mason.” 
Elisa had made the necessary preparations and proceeded to hand the paperwork to Mr. Mason. “Have your lawyer look at these first. If there are no issues, we can proceed and sign it.” 
Mr. Mason knew that only the elite society could afford such a purchase. Naturally, he had made the following preparations as well. “I’ll contact my lawyer shortly.” Mr. Mason said. 
Elisa gave a nod while Mr. Mason made his necessary phone calls. 
The deal can be closed by tonight. 
Well… 
Unless someone tried to sabotage her!
###chapter83
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 83
Chapter 83 Double the Money? 
Right when Mr. Mason was done with his call, his phone rang. 
Mr. Mason had a serious look. During the conversation, he glanced toward Elisa from time to time. There was a worried expression on his face. 
Of course, Elisa grew concerned. After the phone call, Mr. Mason approached Elisa with a sad expression. “Ms. Elisa, I truly apologize. I have to call off the deal…” 
“What’s wrong?” Elisa said in shock. 
Mr. Mason sighed and said, “I truly apologize, Elisa. Even with someone like me, I owe people with connections… Someone just called to sell the mall to them. I have no choice…” 
Mr. Mason didn’t explicitly say it, but it was also in his best interest. 
Elisa frowned at the recent development. “Could you disclose who you sold the mall to?” Elisa questioned. 
Mr. Mason replied, “Eventually word will spread, so… the buyer was the Wickam family.” 
Elisa turned pale. 
Mr. Mason’s mall gained promising profits with its current stage. However, with the Wickams having intervened, they must have intel. 
Was this move directly aimed at her? 
Elisa smirked. Well, isn’t this grand?
Mr. Mason looked at Elisa and apologized, “Ms. Elisa, I’m deeply sorry. I…” 
He deeply sighed. “Mr. Gareth will be here soon, so you should…” 
The common man cannot afford to anger the rich and powerful. However, now that she was aware that the Wickams were responsible for this, she understood that Mr. Mason had no choice. If it were just another powerful person, she would have judged the man in front of her. 
There was a ruthless look in Elisa’s eyes, and it grew stronger. “The winner takes it all.” 
At that moment, Gareth had arrived. He heard Elisa’s sarcastic comment and leered back: “The world owes you nothing, and so do the people in it. Just because you know how to, doesn’t mean others can’t do the same.” 
Elisa turned to face Gareth and had a look of disdain in her eyes. How can this man be this ungrateful? 
Even with them being divorced, Gareth still hounds her with every opportunity he could find. Well, let me congratulate this oaf! 
“The new owner sure is different in person.” Elisa said. 
Gareth didn’t take that insult lightly. Mr. Mason felt the rise in tension between the two and quickly intervened, “Well Mr. Wickam, why don’t I show you around? What do you say?” 
Gareth gave Elisa a death glare and replied, “Just sign the contract. My workers have already inspected the premise thoroughly.” 
“My offer is enough to buy your mall twice.” Gareth gloated as he handed him a card. 
Mr. Mason was taken aback. From being short of cash, he was now able to double his profits.
“Oh dear…” Mr. Mason gasped. Gareth grew impatient and pushed, “Take the money, and sign the contract. There are no issues.”
###chapter84
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 84
Chapter 84 She is Merciless! 
Mr. Mason took the card. He hesitated before signing the contract. “I’ll have the transaction settled by tomorrow.” 
Gareth calmly took the contract and handed it to Elisa. “This is yours.” 
Mr. Mason: “” 
Elisa: “” 
Elisa almost dropped the contract. She was completely bewildered. 
Gareth simply sneered. “You can hate me all you want, but there’s no need to make things ugly from here on out. You can have this, but only with one condition,” he drawled. “…you leave the Wickam family alone.” 
Elisa threw the contract. “I don’t need your filthy money.” Elisa growled. 
Mr. Mason: “” 
Ms. Elisa is… 
No wonder! That is Gareth’s ex-wife! That’s why she was wearing that face mask with sunglasses! 
Gareth gave a cruel look and shouted, “Elisa!” 
Elisa glared and replied, “If you’re in the mood for generosity, why don’t you find out who keeps attacking me? Find out who is targeting the Wickam Group. Find out who is targeting me online.”
Gareth gave a cold glare. However, Elisa amused him. “Women worry over such trivial things,” he remarked. 
Mr. Mason: “…” 
Mr. Mason was shocked by this whole development. Before this, he had an impression that Ms. Elisa was a gentle soul with a temperamental attitude. 
Now…hell had no fury like a woman scorned. 
On the other hand, when Mr. Mason first met Gareth, he had a noble demeanour. One could say, like a god descending from the heavens. Now with Elisa in the equation… she had angered the gods. 
The couple gave off such offensive energy together that people wouldn’t dare to intervene. 
Gareth gave a fake smile to Elisa. “You should mind your own business!” 
This ticked off Elisa. 
Bastard! 
He came all this way to flaunt his money in front of her. He even had the nerve to bribe her out of the Wickam family business. 
Elisa intended to insult him as a spoiled and materialistic man. He relied on money to fix his problems and had it easy. 
Furthermore, the nerve to mock her in such a fashion. 
Elisa was disgusted by Gareth and didn’t want to look at him.
This was the last thing she wanted; to gain any contact with Gareth. She didn’t need a walk down memory lane. 
Gareth on the other hand looked like he was about to murder someone. 
Mr. Mason shivered as he looked at him. Gareth finally ordered some men to handle the situation and strode off. 
A married couple now turned into sworn enemies. 
As Elisa left the mall, she felt like a heavy weight had lifted from her. 
She hailed a cab and left the premise. 
As Gareth followed suit, he caught a glimpse of Elisa getting into the cab. 
Gareth pursed his lips before leaving. 
While Elisa was in the cab, she leaned back and closed her eyes. 
In her mind, Elisa had decided. 
I’ll see you in court, you bastard! There won’t be any mercy! 
Before long, it was the day of the trial.
###chapter85
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 85
Chapter 85 We’ll See in Court 
Early in the morning. 
When Elisa walked out of her house, a blue Lamborghini was waiting for her. She watched as the driver’s door opened and Will stepped out of the car. 
His royal blue suit was striking against his fair skin. He looked like a warm person, unlike his cold personality. 
“Good morning.” 
Will opened the passenger seat’s door and looked at Elisa in surprise. She had always managed to surprise him. 
She was dressed simply in a black suit. Her long hair was tied up in a bun. She looked neat. 
When they met in the law firm, Elisa would always wear formal wear, like she did today. But she looked different than usual. 
Will’s eyes kept straying back to her. 
“Good morning.” Elisa answered as she entered the car without hesitation. They were headed to the same place after all. 
Will handed her a paper bag. “Have you eaten?” 
Elisa did not reach for the food. “I have a routine, so I’ve eaten already. Go ahead and eat if you haven’t.” 
He placed the food down and smiled.
“Alright then. Let’s head to the court.” 
She stayed silent as Will drove. Unused to the silence, he glanced at her. 
“Are you nervous?” 
“What do you think?” She raised her eyebrows. 
He smiled. “If it was Iris, naturally she wouldn’t be nervous. But I think you are Elisa now.” 
They were both the same person, yet they seemed to be different when he pointed it out. 
Elisa had a man in her heart, which was her ex-husband. 
Iris was different. She was apathetic towards others. The law was the only thing she respected. 
“Elisa Benett is Iris, Iris is Elisa. They are both single,” she said plainly. 
He grinned. “Now that you say that, I’m relieved.” 
She pressed her lips together. Emotions flitted through her face when she remembered that Gareth would be sitting across her in moments. 
She drew a breath and stayed silent. 
Will chatted with her on the way, making the ride less awkward. 
When they reached their destination, Will drove straight towards the parking area. 
He shut the car engine and turned towards Elisa with a smile. 
“Let’s head in now.”
Elisa nodded, and they stepped out of the car. 
Will offered his arm to Elisa. “If you’re nervous, you can lean on me.” 
She looked at him, amused. “Are you worried that I might get soft-hearted?” 
“I’m just taking advantage of the situation.” He smirked. 
She stared at him speechlessly. A smile began to form on the corner of her lips. 
“I’ll double your profits this time.” 
He looked at her, surprised. “Are you sure?” 
He knew that she was capable, but doubted that she could keep her emotions in check. 
“We’ll see in court.” She stepped into the building. 
Gareth and Vincent, who had arrived moments before, were entering the building. 
Gareth looked back to see Will and Elisa walking towards them.
###chapter86
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 86
Chapter 86 An Amusing Scene 
Gareth’s expression darkened. Vincent noticed it and swept his eyes behind them. 
Will and Elisa were walking towards them, smiling and chatting away. 
Vincent’s mouth twitched. “Your ex seems restless.” 
Gareth glared at them. 
Will and Elisa noticed him. Will began to smile, but Gareth ignored him and walked into the courtroom. 
Vincent looked at Elisa and flipped her off as he followed Gareth in. 
Will smiled lightly and peeked at Elisa. 
Elisa headed in without a word. 
As Gareth sat in the spot for the defendant, he looked up at the nameplate opposite him. He curled his lip. 
Vincent raised his head. “Christ, since when has Elisa Benett been a lawyer?!” 
Gareth clenched his jaw. 
“Could it be that Will Darcey sued you just to get on your nerves? He wanted you to see how chummy the two of them are.” 
Gareth swallowed his anger. “It can’t be.” 
“It can’t be?” Vincent laughed. “Why would he appoint her to represent him then? Give me a break.”
Gareth seethed in his seat. 
Vincent clicked his tongue. “She must have really wanted to get your attention very badly to go to such lengths. And Will Darcey, isn’t this too immature of him? If word got out that he appointed your ex-wife as his lawyer, wouldn’t he get backlashed? Maybe his stocks might even plummet then.” 
Vincent seemed to be more excited by the moment. 
Gareth’s face darkened. 
The seats were filled up as the audience entered, curious about the lawyers appointed by both sides. 
When they saw Elisa’s nameplate, they felt astonished and began to discuss it among themselves. 
They opened their eyes wide as Elisa entered the room with Will and sat in the plaintiff’s seat. It seemed that the Elisa Benett on the nameplate was the same person they thought of. They stared in shock. 
Rachel, sitting among the audience, stared in shock. “My God! Mr. Darcey appointed Elisa to represent him?! My goodness! She’s going against Vincent Shane. What a valuable experience!” 
A smile began to form on Charli’s lips. “Let’s watch first.” 
Rachel felt bitter. When she came earlier, she happened to run into Charli. They were able to snag the front seats thanks to Charli. 
The atmosphere in the courtroom was solemn. 
When the judge entered, everyone in the room stood in their spots. No one dared to speak in the heavy atmosphere. They settled into their seats as the judge sat in his place.
The trial began. 
A speaker began presenting the case briefly as the start of the trial. 
The audience fixed their eyes on the stage. Although the lawyers hadn’t started debating their cases, the audience was eagerly anticipating it. 
After all, things were different from their expectations. It turned out that Will Darcey’s lawyer was Gareth Wickam’s ex-wife! Mr. Wickam’s death stare was a sight to behold. No one would be able to take such an insult to the face. 
The audience were amused by the scene.
###chapter87
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 87
Chapter 87 There Might Be a Twist 
It was a shame that the audience couldn’t record the trial. Or else, they would have recorded every second of it and shared it for all to see! 
None of them believed that Elisa would be putting up a fight. They were just there for the entertainment. 
The speaker finished his concise presentation on the case. 
The calm judge spoke, “Does the defence counsel have any ions against the prosecution?” 
Vincent, who had expected the opposition to bring up the points, spoke up confidently, “We .” 
Gareth sat in his seat, but his mind was wandering. His gaze was fixed on Elisa. 
Will’s eyebrow twitched as he looked on with amusement. 
“We have five points to argue against the prosecution’s charges. Firstly, according to the Contract Law and the ‘General Principles of the Civil Law’, any properties on the virtual network are protected. In this case…” 
He explained the five points clearly, leaving no room for argument. 
The audience felt that Will Darcey would unquestionably lose the case. 
When Vincent finished speaking, Elisa seemed unruffled. 
“Forgive me for saying so, but the five points that you have presented were all unfounded.” 
Vincent paused and smiled at Elisa. If it was Iris, he would have panicked a little.
Mistakes were unavoidable. If Iris were the opponent, she would be able to pick holes in his points and rectify them immediately. 
But no one else could do the same. If anyone else argued that all his points were wrong, Vincent was certain that his opponent would lose. Making such a move without the vital skills required would be a death sentence. 
The judge showed astonishment on his face. 
Rachel pursed her lips. “No one would reject all five points at once. Vincent’s points are right on the mark. If Elisa wanted to overrule them, not only would she have to have certain verbal skills, but she must have evidence to back her up. In my opinion, Darcey Group has the short end of the stick here.” 
“That’s why this case would be a challenge.” Charli lightly smiled. 
Rachel looked troubled. “Sure, it is a challenge. But this affects Elisa a lot. She was a housewife for three years and could have forgotten quite a bit of stuff about the law. This…” 
She sighed. 
Forget it. She would lose anyway to Vincent Shane. Let’s just take this as a practice round. 
Charli smiled. “Let’s just keep watching. Who knows, there might be a twist.” 
Rachel looked at Charli puzzledly. They were doomed to lose in the first place. Why would Charli say such a thing? 
“First of all, according to the Contract Law and Article 1560 of the ‘General Principles of the Civil Law’, properties on the virtual network are protected. But there are conditions that must be met. Despite
having received multiple warnings, Wickam Group has continued to infringe on Darcey Group’s interests. It is a violation on Wickam Group’s part. ” 
“Secondly, according to the Civil Code, the design plans that Wickam Group had adopted were plagiarized from Darcey Group. Wickam Group had used the plans without Darcey Group’s permission, and even fabricated evidence in this project. This is a serious infringement on Darcey Group and a dishonourable act towards the public.”
###chapter88
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 88
Chapter 88 A Tricky Point 
“Third, when the defendant was developing a project, no considerations were given…” 
“Fourth…” 
“Fifth…” 
Elisa explained her points eloquently. 
Gareth stared blankly while listening. 
Vincent paled. He thought that Elisa was just an average lawyer. But to hear her make detailed points without a moment of hesitation was a shock! 
If he couldn’t dispute her points, then victory would slip from their grasps. 
Will smiled. She was telling the truth. 
Elisa didn’t give a single look to Gareth throughout her explanation. When she finished, she turned towards the judge. “That was our clarification on the five points. Now, I would like to clarify the lawsuit filed by my client.” 
The judge was amazed and bemused by Elisa. He nodded. “Please proceed.” 
Elisa nodded. 
The audience noticed something. 
Rachel exclaimed, “My God! Elisa didn’t even bring her documents with her!”
Charli smiled lightly. She used to worry about Elisa, who seemed to be forgetful about her things often. But she realized later, for Elisa, those documents were just a nuisance. Their opponents could even steal the documents, giving them a head start in the case. 
Rachel watched, incredulous as Elisa continued her explanation. 
“So… all those things Elisa said earlier, she’s memorized them in her head! She could even point out the exact article to argue against Vincent’s points. Even if you prepare counterarguments beforehand, to be able to deduce your opponent’s arguments this accurately, she’s…” 
Rachel’s doubts about Elisa’s ability disappeared, and awe replaced them. To be able to argue against Vincent Shane, were things as simple as they seemed to be? 
The audience gaped at the scene. 
They thought that Elisa was just a mediocre lawyer. But against their expectations, she was outstanding! Even Vincent was caught off guard. 
Elisa elaborated another three points speedily. Her points were justified, leaving no room for argument. 
It seemed that Elisa was twisting the truth, depicting Wickam Group in a bad light. But she managed to convey it in a way as if her points were the truth the entire time! 
Gareth glowered as he swallowed his anger. 
Elisa Benett! That damned Elisa Benett! How could she keep him in the dark! 
He knew that she had studied in law but never thought much of it. He thought that she was just an ordinary person. 
It seemed impossible that even Vincent would struggle against her.
The judge looked towards Vincent. “Does the defense counsel have anything to say?” 
Vincent drew a deep breath. 
He knew that Will would employ a first-rate lawyer. After all, Will would have known that Gareth would appoint Vincent. 
Having done his homework, Vincent had no trouble coming up with arguments for Elisa’s first two points. But that last point… 
He frowned. It would be a tricky point to argue against. 
No one could have used such a tactic other than Iris. But now even Elisa could do it?! 
He began his speech. 
“First…” 
“Second…” 
The judge nodded. The two points sounded reasonable. 
At the third point, Vincent paused momentarily.
###chapter89
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 89
Chapter 89 Break Through 
The audience were on the edge of their seats, anxious for Vincent. 
It would be a huge embarrassment for Vincent if a famous lawyer like him was defeated by Elisa, an unknown lawyer. 
Vincent finally spoke, “Third, Ms. Benett’s point is irrelevant to today’s charge. According to…” 
Elisa smiled lightly. Although his last point was weak, it was sufficient as an argument. 
Gareth’s eyes hadn’t strayed from Elisa the entire time. 
Elisa didn’t pay any attention to him. She seemed focused on winning the case. 
“Does the prosecution have anything to say?” 
There were no documents before Elisa and Will. But Elisa spoke without a pause. 
The audience listened in amazement. 
Vincent knew he was defeated this time around. He may be a genius, but he still brought documents along. Although they may only contain some points he had jotted down, and he had all the law statutes in mind. 
He couldn’t think of any arguments to counter Elisa’s. His arguments became far-fetched, evidently weaker than before. 
Elisa had no intention of stopping. “Regarding the defendant’s project, my client’s company, Darcey Group, has the right to a takeover of said project, and the defendant has to return all profits obtained, plus a compensation of ten billion to my client.”
“My God!” Rachel stared in wonder. 
No one thought that Darcey Group, who was doomed to lose, could not only turn around the situation, but even ask for compensation from Wickam Group?! 
Will looked towards Gareth and smiled smugly. 
Gareth pressed his lips into a thin line. His anger was evident across his face. 
Vincent’s face darkened. “ion, your honor!” He yelled. 
“Please elaborate, defense counsel.” 
Vincent clenched his fist. They may have lost the lawsuit, but he refused to agree to everything. 
“My client is willing to hand over the project. But compensation is unnecessary.” He continued to explain. 
Rachel took a deep breath. “This is amazing! I can’t believe Elisa is this skilful!” 
Charli looked at Rachel’s innocent expression and smiled inwardly. She couldn’t come up with a response. 
It was unsurprising if others hadn’t realized it. If Rachel was just a tad sharp-witted, she would have known the truth. 
Elisa was close to Charli. But it was a known fact that Charli was only close to Iris. She would always attend to all of Iris’ cases. 
However, Rachel hadn’t noticed this detail.
The audience felt that Elisa had crossed the line. It was a great fortune for Darcey Group to overturn the case. Elisa had proved that she had skills. 
But to ask for such a large amount of compensation was over the top! 
Will smiled. Elisa had kept her word. She even managed to ask for such a large amount of compensation. 
Just when everyone had thought the worst of her, she did what was impossible. 
Elisa continued to pick holes in Vincent’s points.
###chapter90
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 90
Chapter 90 What Is Mine Is All Yours Too 
Elisa spoke slowly and calmly. 
Not a single sentence was out of place, and not any important points were missing. 
The courtroom was silent other than her voice. The judge, auditors, and all staff members listened, dumbfounded. 
Vincent clenched his fists. 
He was at a loss for words. There was nothing for him to say to salvage the situation. 
They were fighting a losing battle. 
Disheartened, he looked towards Gareth. “I’m sorry. I’ve done what I could.” 
Gareth bit his lip and stayed silent. 
As the judge hammered his gavel to adjourn the court session, Elisa smiled widely. 
She turned to Will. “How will you thank me?” 
Will grinned. “How about if I give myself to you?” 
Their microphone was still on. When Elisa spoke, she lowered her voice so that others wouldn’t hear her. 
Will, on the other hand, seemed to speak loudly on purpose. His words rang out loud and clear for everyone to hear. 
Gareth stared at Will, as if he was trying to swallow Will alive.
Will smiled. “Everyone, I would like to introduce this person here with me today.” 
The people were dazed. 
Everyone knew that she was Elisa Benett. Who wouldn’t have heard of such a well-known person? 
Elisa paused and looked towards Will. 
Vincent interrupted before Will could speak. “You are Iris.” 
All on the scene were thunderstruck by the revelation. Their eyes widened in confusion. Elisa was Iris?! 
A split second later, the crowd realized. Of course, she would be Iris! Who else would have the ability to beat Vincent Shane? 
Only Iris could pull off such a feat! 
Gareth pressed his lips into a fine line. His cold eyes stayed on Elisa’s face, staring as though he was asking for an explanation. 
Will beamed. “Mr. Shane, how sharp of you.” 
Vincent’s tense face relaxed slightly. It was less embarrassing to lose to Iris than to a nameless person. 
Iris! He vowed to beat her one day! 
“I will lodge an appeal,” he said in a low voice. 
“You’re welcome to.” Elisa said coolly. 
Even if Will had won the case, he would have lodged an appeal too.
Will felt light-hearted. If they appealed the case, he would get to meet Elisa more. There would be more chances to pursue her then. He gazed at Elisa with a smile on his face. 
Gareth stared daggers at Will. His face darkened. “No, I’ll take the verdict.” 
“Garry!” Vincent was shocked. 
If they appealed, they could have had a better outcome. After all, there would be no situation worse than the verdict they were given. 
It would be a waste to not try. Who would have known how much profits the project would earn in the future? Besides, having to compensate ten billion was not a good sign for them. 
Gareth suddenly stood up and left the courtroom. 
Vincent followed him hurriedly. 
Will smiled broadly at Elisa. “Thank you for your work today.” 
“Well, I was paid to do my job.” 
“Since you’ve managed to get an extra compensation of ten billion for me, I’ll give it all to you.” 
Elisa’s eyebrow twitched. “Mr. Darcey, do you treat all women with such generosity?” 
“No, you are the only one. If you marry me, what is mine is all yours too.”
###chapter91
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 91
Chapter 91 Provocation Masked with a Smile 
Elisa’s mouth twitched. Reluctant to reply Will, she rose and walked out of the courtroom. 
Charli turned to Rachel, who was frozen in her spot, and prodded her. “Rach?” 
Rachel came back to her senses and the confusion on her face vanished. She turned to face Charli. “Charli, I didn’t mishear, did I? Elisa is Iris?” 
Charli cleared her throat. “You heard correctly.” 
They had decided to reveal Elisa’s identity in this case. People would have guessed that she was Iris when they defeated Vincent. They might as well make the truth public rather than trouble themselves in the future. 
Rachel inhaled. “Good heavens! Am I surrounded by geniuses? How clueless am I that I never realized it?!” 
The trial was basically a final battle between the hero and the villain. It was a remarkable sight to see! 
Even though Rachel couldn’t learn much from it, it was an eye-opener for her. 
But she still felt disappointed. 
Charli noticed her change in emotions. “Why, what is it?” 
Rachel pressed her lips together. “Elisa never told me this. Does she… not think of me as her best friend?” 
“Of course not, you’re overthinking this!” Charli quickly replied.
Rachel looked towards her. Her face was filled with hesitation. 
Charli sighed. “Back then, Iris was the best of the best in the lawyer world. Many were envious of her abilities. That’s why she never told anyone about her identity other than those in our office. But now that she can’t hide her identity any longer, and in a society where the law is the power, she decided to reveal it because she can protect herself now.” 
Rachel gaped. She had never been in touch with the circle and couldn’t understand what could have happened. 
Charli patted her back, smiling. “She never told you to protect you. You could have been in danger.” 
Rachel blinked a few times. “Is that true?” 
“Of course, it’s true. Does Elisa not treat you very well? I’m sure that her best friend is you.” 
Rachel perked up. “That’s right!” She nodded while beaming. 
Rachel’s mind was pure. Although she felt disappointed earlier, now she was elated. She wanted to meet Elisa quickly! 
At the same time, Gareth and Vincent walked out into the parking lot. Elisa and Will followed behind them. 
Gareth gave Elisa a death stare. “You’ve done a great job, Elisa.” 
Elisa smiled. “That’s the first compliment you have ever given me.” 
Vincent stood by the side silently. He looked at Elisa without a hint of malice. If they weren’t opponents, he would have clung to Elisa. He wanted to talk with her and ask her for her strategies.
Even though he was gifted, learning is a lifelong process. 
Will smiled. “Mr. Wickam, since you won’t be lodging an appeal, please do hurry up with the takeover.” 
Gareth averted his gaze from Elisa and laughed chillingly. “Mr. Darcey, I didn’t know that you would take advantage of vulnerable people so mercilessly.” 
“You’ve overestimated me, Mr. Wickam.” Will’s provocation was masked with a smile.
###chapter92
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 92
Chapter 92 Why Won’t You Appeal 
Gareth walked away without a word. 
Will turned to Elisa with a smile. “Do you want to have lunch together?” 
“I’m eating with my friends,” Elisa replied coolly. 
Rachel stepped out of the building towards them. Her eyes twinkled. “Elisa! You’ve never told me you are Iris!” 
“I’m sorry.” Elisa said apologetically. 
“There’s no need to apologise! I’m so glad for you! I’m under your protection from now on. If I find myself in a lawsuit one day, whoever the opponent is, they will run if they know I’m your friend! How good is that!” 
Elisa smiled. She glanced at Will. “That’s all for today, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will wanted to take Elisa out for a meal but knew that it wasn’t a suitable time. He nodded and left. 
Rachel was chattering away, rambling about Elisa and Iris being the same person. She was proud of her friend. 
As they entered their car, Rachel exclaimed, “I bet Gareth is regretting it now. The woman that he thought was a nobody turned out to be a remarkable person!” 
Charli grinned. “It’s his loss to divorce Elisa. But, Iris, if he asked for your hand in marriage again, would you agree to it?” 
Elisa looked at her, lost for words for a moment. “Do you think it’s possible?”
“Nothing is impossible. He used to look down on you, but now that he knows the real you, who knows, he might fall for you. He might pursue you then. Will you say yes to him?” 
Rachel grimaced. “No way! Let that waste of space regret it for the rest of his life! He bullied Elisa for three years. He better not think of getting near Elisa again. Who does he think he is!” 
Elisa smiled. “Who knows, there might be such a day. But I will never agree to him. I want to spend the rest of my life alone.” 
“You shouldn’t have such thoughts. You should still get married one day. Find a person who genuinely cares for you.” 
Elisa smiled, without any intention of continuing the topic. 
At the same time, Gareth and Vincent were in the same car. Vincent was driving while Gareth was in the passenger seat, brooding away. 
Vincent stole a glance at him. “Why did you agree to compensate them? You’re giving away billions to them.” 
Gareth stayed silent. 
Vincent couldn’t figure out his thoughts. 
“We really should appeal. I’ll do a thorough research this time. I didn’t know who I was up against before this, but now that I know, I’ll make sure to prepare everything!” 
“There’s no need to.” Gareth replied coldly. 
“You…” Vincent was speechless.
Gareth had made up his mind if he repeated the same thing twice. 
Screech! 
Vincent slowed the car to a stop at the side of the road. He faced Gareth, baffled. “Why won’t you appeal! Are you admitting defeat then?!” 
Gareth gritted his teeth, thinking of Elisa speaking without hesitation earlier on. 
He had never seen her act like that before. It felt as though they were strangers. 
She had been docile for the past three years, but today…
###chapter93
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 93
Chapter 93 I Won’t Have a Chance Then 
Today, the number of people that turned up for the trial between Wickam and Darcey wasn’t small. 
The contents of the day’s trial weren’t revealed, but the public would have known the verdict sooner or later even if it wasn’t publicized. 
Elisa’s identity had nothing to do with the ongoing trial. Hence, she became a trending topic once again. 
Mr. Wickam’s ex-wife is the reputable lawyer, Iris?! 
Rachel chuckled while looking at her phone. “Elisa, you’re a trending topic! Everyone’s shocked by the news! I’ll read a few comments for you.” 
Elisa didn’t care about it, but Rachel began reading the comments out loud. 
“I used to hate Mr. Wickam’s ex-wife. I’ve heard that there was nothing good about her and she even seduced her sister’s husband! But Iris is my heroine! It turns out that she’s a gorgeous person! Not only is she gorgeous, but she’s also rich and talented too! How blind have I been!” 
Charli chuckled. “Elisa, you won’t be labelled as Mr. Wickam’s ex-wife anymore. You’ll be known as Iris!” 
Elisa smiled and nodded. “Yeah.” 
Rachel continued reading while laughing. 
“Wickam Group is filthy rich. They are capable of employing any talent they want, but their best lawyer is only Vincent Shane.”
Rachel laughed loudly. “This person is right on the mark!” 
“I don’t understand the world of the rich, but I realized something. Don’t look down on others. That one person you thought couldn’t harm you might be the one to turn your world upside down.” 
“Elisa Benett is Iris? That can’t be true? There’s no way they are the same person.” 
“I don’t think it’s impossible. Iris hasn’t appeared in public for quite some time now. It is plausible to say that she was married for the past three years and now, after divorcing, went back to be a lawyer.” 
“My oh my, I’m so jealous! She’s an extraordinary character!” 
Rachel read the comments gleefully. 
At the same time, the Benett family saw the trending news and was astounded. 
Linda couldn’t maintain her composure. She wondered if Gareth had started regretting the divorce when he saw Elisa’s flawless conduct in the morning. 
“Elisa couldn’t be Iris!” Linda yelled. 
Norman furrowed his eyebrows. “She’s never said anything about this when she was back at home. Her results were not outstanding in school either. There must be something fishy going on.” 
Linda scowled. “Elisa and Gareth may be on opposite sides now, but I’m afraid that Gareth might get attracted to her the more they face each other. I won’t have a chance then!” 
She gripped her phone tightly. “Jerry went to meet Elisa yesterday. He must have advised them to get back together!”
Rose comforted her. “Linda, don’t panic. Nothing has been confirmed so far. We just have to convince Gareth that Iris instructed Elisa on what to do in the trial.” 
Linda widened her eyes. “Mom, are you saying…” 
Rose smiled. “You’ll know what I mean later.”
###chapter94
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 94
Chapter 94 What Right Do You Have Now 
The atmosphere around the Wickam family was tense as the news of Elisa and Iris circulated. 
Darren had a black look on his face. 
“She can’t be Iris! Gareth may have divorced her, but how could she humiliate us so!” Monica snapped. 
Darren laughed coldly. “That is your beloved daughter-in-law. As if ridiculing us after the divorce wasn’t enough, now she’s publicly fighting our family in court!” 
Julia frowned. “This only happened because of how you all mistreated her! There’s no other reason why an obedient child like her would do such a thing! And now you are condemning her instead of reflecting on your actions?” 
Jerry sat next to Julia. “There’s no point in arguing now that things have happened. Elisa is a kind person. Gareth was the one who had crossed the line.” 
Monica glared at Jennifer. “Our family has offered her nothing but grace. When she was abandoned after her family was ruined, we took her in and offered her shelter. She had a life of luxury. People were lining up to flatter her when they heard she was Mrs. Wickam. Was that not enough?!” 
“Ignorant fools!” Jerry’s face darkened. 
Monica gritted her teeth. “Then what is your suggestion?” 
Darren looked at his son coldly. “You can’t suggest that Gareth apologise to Elisa and ask for them to reconcile.”
“What else should we do?” Jerry retorted, ignoring the disagreement shown on Darren’s face. “Have you realized that the failure of this marriage has affected Gareth greatly?” 
Julia was upset. “Jerry, what has happened to our family? Ever since they became wealthy, they’ve all changed. Is money that important? Do they all only see what benefits they can earn? Can’t they just live their lives peacefully?” 
“Do you think that Gareth can live a peaceful life with Elisa when she’s done all those things?” Darren snorted. “What a delusion!” 
Julia gritted her teeth. “You will all regret it one day!” 
She left the study and headed upstairs. 
The three stayed in the room. 
Jerry looked at Darren impassively. “Dad, I hope you won’t interfere with Gareth’s matters any longer.” 
“That’s absurd! Gareth is still young. Do you think he can handle things on his own?” 
Jerry’s mouth twitched. He left without another word. 
As he headed out, he pulled out his phone and called Gareth. 
An hour later, he arrived at Gareth’s office. 
Gareth was flipping through a document. When Jerry entered, he didn’t stop but his face darkened. 
Jerry walked over and sat opposite Gareth. 
“Is that all you can take?”
Gareth paused and raised his head wordlessly. 
“You’ve done worse things to Elisa, but she has endured it all. What right do you have now to lose your temper?” 
Gareth recalled the times when Elisa had brought him meals in an attempt to bring them closer. He would knock over the food most of the time. 
Memories of his abuse towards Elisa flooded his mind.
###chapter95
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 95
Chapter 95 Wisteria 
“Who supported you all this time, hm?” Jerry’s growl provoked Gareth into dropping his pen. 
“Don’t say anything. She needs to pay for her transgressions.” 
Jerry frowned. “You’re stubborn and blind!” 
He shook his head in frustration, at the same time wishing that Gareth could quickly grow into the man he was meant to be. “What do you plan to do next?” 
“I will not heed my grandfather’s instructions for me to get married immediately. I won’t get after Elisa as well. You don’t have to remind me.” 
Jerry raised his brows, surprised but relieved that Gareth would not marry Linda. 
“Gareth, you are a businessman at heart, but you should also make better decisions. You treasure things that do not deserve your time, but you toss aside things that are supposed to be treasured.” Jerry’s sarcastic remark was a dash of cold water on Gareth’s face, but Gareth decided to remain silent as he watched Jerry slink out of the room. 
Gareth sank back into his seat with a shudder. It was as if someone turned the air conditioning down to a sub zero temperature. 
Gareth picked up his pen to complete his task, but Elisa’s figure in the courthouse was etched into his mind distracting him from his work. 
…
An unsettling silence permeated the Wickam Group’s conference room a few days later. The staff were holding their breath in suspense, knowing that Mr. Wickam was seething for losing the court case. 
No one wanted to get on his bad side, but the meeting had to go on, with item after item to discuss. 
The next item for discussion was about a car race, which would open the revenue floodgates once the item was signed! 
Mr Zill, who was seated next to Gareth, leaned over. “The racing competition is in twenty days, Mr. Wickam. We should get Wisteria to front us in this competition.” 
“Who is Wisteria?” Gareth’s cold and confused frown made Mr. Zill shudder in fear. 
“Wisteria was the reigning champion in the racing competition three years ago. With him on our side, we would certainly be crowned the winner of the competition.” 
“Wisteria may be awesome, but she was crowned champion three years ago and had never competed again. How are you planning to contact her?” Mr. Zeller butted in. 
“Mr. Zeller is right. There are others who have won competitions before. Vincent Shane is extremely skillful. He might win us a medal too, you know?” 
“I think you’re ignoring the fact here.” Mr. Zill’s rebut drew everyone’s attention to him. 
Analyzing was his forte, and his desire to glorify the company trampled out his fear. 
“Wisteria may have been out of action for three years, but let’s think about how she claimed her crown three years ago.”
###chapter96
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 96
Chapter 96 Are You Wisteria? 
Everyone in the room fell into a ponderous silence upon Mr. Zill’s request. 
Wisteria’s skills were so astounding that everyone remembered how brilliant she was because the runner up only arrived at the final line a few minutes after she crossed it – the longest gap between contestants they’ve ever seen! 
She would have beaten the runner up even if she went another round. 
The only reason the runner up won the competition the next year was because of Wisteria’s absence. 
If she was there, no one else could win the competition. 
Silence clung to the room for a long time as Mr. Zill contemplated his colleagues. 
“I guess everyone knows how amazing Wisteria is, right?” 
“But Wisteria hasn’t been in competitions for three years! She might not be physically compatible for competitions and had retired. Do you think we can invite her?” Mr. Zeller frowned. 
Mr Zill grinned, his confidence shining through. “Money is everything.” 
The only reason anyone would do anything on this earth was for wealth – Wisteria is no different. 
Mr. Zill glanced at Gareth. “Mr. Wickam, this may be the best option we have.” 
“Do you have a way to contact Wisteria?” 
“Yes, I do. My grandson was an avid racing fan, but had to stop racing after an accident that ruined his leg. Wisteria came to comfort him and left her contact details. My grandson called me some time ago,
and he is an honest boy. He said that although she appears cold, she is actually very kind. I believe she would accept our proposal if we approached her humbly and with a lucrative prize. 
Gareth tapped the table with his fingers as he contemplated Mr. Zill’s proposal. 
“Approach her now. Let her propose her price.” 
The others in the room took a deep breath as they felt that it was an unusual proposal, however, who were they to refute Mr. Wickam after he had agreed to bring Wisteria in? 
“Okay, I’ll call my grandson now.” Mr. Zill dialed his grandson’s number to get Wisteria’s number. Once he got her number, he called her immediately. 
Mr. Zeller scoffed when Mr. Zill quietly lowered his phone after his first call to Wisteria was left unanswered. “Who do you think Wisteria is, Mr. Zill? Did she leave a fake number with your grandson?” 
Mr. Zill frowned, unwilling to believe that what Mr. Zeller had said was true. “No! Let me try again.” 
Mr. Zill waited for the office to fall silent before dialing her number again and this time, someone picked up his call. Everyone’s excitement was palpable as they strained to hear what Mr. Zill and Wisteria would say. 
With Gareth in the conference room, Mr. Zill enabled the loudspeaker so that everyone could hear what they were talking about. 
“Hello?” The voice that came through the phone call was digitally modified, which surprised many people in the room. However, this was a common practice among celebrities to prevent stalkers from contacting them. 
“Hello, is this Wisteria?” Mr. Zill purred.
After a moment of silence, the other person replied tentatively. “Yes, I am. Is there anything I can help with?”
###chapter97
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 97
Chapter 97 Intersecting Lines 
Mr. Zill could not hide his joy. Meanwhile, the others were astounded by Mr. Zill’s good fortune. 
“Hello! Hello! I am Mr. Zill, a manager from Wickam Group. We would like to invite you to compete in a racing competition on our behalf.” 
“I can’t make it.” 
Mr. Zill and his colleagues’ jaws dropped. 
How could she reject Wickam Group so blatantly? Surely, she understood that Wickam Group held her and the competition in high regard! 
To prevent her from hanging up on the call, Mr. Zill quickly offered a response. “Miss Caine, give us a moment. Is there anything I could help you with? Wickam Group will give our best to support you if you compete on our behalf. You will also be able to propose your price!” 
The metallic voice chuckled. “I apologize! I’m busy, so don’t call me anymore. I will not compete on behalf of your company.” 
She ended the call abruptly after the harsh response. 
However, despite the digital distortion, everyone in the room could sense the bitter resentment in her voice, which was directed towards Wickam Group. 
Did Wickam Group offend her in the process of growing the company? 
“What…” Mr. Zill paled when he heard the ominous click on the phone. 
When he turned towards Gareth, his heart fell as Gareth’s face had clouded over significantly.
Wisteria rejected Wickam Group, which meant that she rejected Gareth. 
Some of the members of the staff were concerned, but some of them were smirking at his downfall, especially Mr. Zeller. 
“Now that Wisteria had rejected us, Mr. Wickam, shall we extend our invitation to Mr. Shane?” 
With Wisteria out of the scene, Vincent Shane was the best racer they could approach. No one else could hold up against Vincent. 
Gareth pressed his lips together. Meanwhile, Mr. Zill was sweating bullets. I should’ve approached Wisteria before proposing to bring her in in a meeting! I made a mistake for trying to show off how close I am to Wisteria. This might cost me my career! 
The atmosphere in the room was charged with suspense, and everyone was holding their breath in anticipation of what could happen next. 
Suddenly, Gareth stood up. “I will contact Vincent. All of you focus on drafting the case within three days, or risk losing your jobs.” 
Some of them nearly groaned. A three-day deadline meant that everyone had to work overtime. 
Mr. Zill was the one who felt like he was treading on eggshells. The only way he could save himself was to present a satisfying case to Gareth. 
Everyone in the room left the meeting with a heavy heart. 
Meanwhile, Wisteria clenched her jaw in resentment after hanging up the call. Before they got divorced, their lives were like a pair of parallel lines that never intersected; now that they are apart, it seemed like their lives were constantly intersecting!
She tried to stay far away from him, but her life seemed to be attracted to Gareth.
###chapter98
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 98
Chapter 98 What does Mr. Darcey Want? 
Elisa Benett was Wisteria. Elisa preached a ‘Passionate and Stubborn Love’ all the time and chose Wisteria as her name when she was deeply in love with Gareth. 
She took on the name Iris for the same reason. Although there was no indication of which color she preferred, Elisa had always wanted to be a crimson Iris as it reminded her of red-hot passion – that was how much she desired Gareth. 
Now that all those things were gone, she could only grin embarrassedly. There was no way she could change her name now. 
Thankfully, her true name Elisa had nothing to do with him. 
Her phone suddenly rang, jolting her back into the present. 
“Is this Wisteria?” 
Elisa grimaced to herself. This cannot be a coincidence! 
“No, you are mistaken.” 
Before she could hang up, the other person quickly explained himself. “I am from Darcey Group. We would like to cooperate with you. You can name your price, but we would like you to represent us in a racing competition. Shall we meet?” 
“I’m not Wisteria. Please stop calling me.” 
Elisa blacklisted the phone number.
She did not want to represent Wickam Group because she hated Gareth and would not want to work for him. 
On the other hand, the Gareth family patriarch and matriarch took care of her very well. She had embarrassed them by requesting for a divorce in public. It’s best not to aggravate their relationship anymore. She was also not keen to be associated with Will. 
However, her personal phone rang right after she had hung up on the call. Glancing at the screen, she was glad to see Rachel calling her and quickly picked up the call. 
“Hello, girl! Let’s go shopping! Why are you staying at home?” 
Elisa pondered for a moment. There isn’t much to do at home on the weekend. 
“Okay, let’s go!” 
Why would Darcey Group and Wickam Group be working on a weekend? How important is this racing competition? 
Tossing the thought aside, Elisa dressed up and left the home. 
Once she stepped out of her house, she remembered that she no longer had a car, and quickly called Rachel. 
“What’s up baby? Don’t go back on your word now!” Rachel grumbled, making Elisa smile. 
“I won’t break my promise. However, could you accompany me to a showroom? We can go shopping after that.” 
“Sure! I have nothing to do too! Shall we meet up at a showroom?”
“Okay.” 
Elisa hung up on the call and hailed a taxi. 
On the way to the showroom, her phone buzzed once again. Elisa saw that it was a call from Will Darcey, but chose to pick up the call in the end. 
“Mr. Darcey?” 
“Are you at home?” 
“No.” Elisa stared out of the car window at the congested traffic. 
“Could you come to one of Darcey Group’s Car Sales, Service, Spare parts and Surveys shop?” 
“What do you want?” Elisa’s eyes narrowed with suspicion. 
“Just come. I’ll wait for you.” Will replied with a smile. 
“No thank you. I have things to do today. Kindly refrain from calling me if there is no emergency, Mr. Darcey.”
###chapter99
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 99
Chapter 99 Evading the Question 
Dust to dust, ashes to ashes. She decided not to associate with people of influence anymore and she was even less keen to be caught between Will Darcey and Gareth Wickam. 
Will sighed. “I won’t make trouble for you, and I won’t force you to go against Gareth. Can’t we be friends?” 
Elisa drew a tight smile. “We’re not in the same social circle.” 
She knew that Will wanted to give her a car, but she was adamant to reject him. 
After a moment of silence, Will uttered a word that Elisa never thought he would. “Elisa,” he whispered, but Elisa was unconcerned. 
“Mr. Darcey, I need to go. Goodbye.” Before he could respond, she hung up the call. 
Elisa leaned back into the car seat to rest her mind. She arrived at the rendezvous point half an hour later and called Rachel. 
“I’m here, Elisa! Are you here?” 
“I just arrived as well. Where are you?” 
“I’m at… I see you! Stay there!” Rachel exclaimed as she hung up the call. 
Hearing Rachel’s words, Elisa glanced around to look for her friend, only to see Rachel dashing towards her with a white bag slung over her shoulder. 
When Rachel saw Elisa’s casual tiffany blue one-piece dress, she sighed with envy. “You are gorgeous! Why do you look good in everything? And did you know that tiffany blue matches you beautifully! You
look like Cinderella!” 
Elisa glanced at Rachel’s flowery dress and giggled. “You must be some fairy princess then!” 
Rachel let out a guffaw as she hooked her arm through Elisa’s arm. “Which showroom would you like to browse through?” 
The street was filled with Car Sales, Service, Spare parts and Surveys shops of all car brands, but Rachel had an opinion about cars. 
“I know that you’re trying to distance yourself from Darcey and Wickam Groups, but their cars are of the highest quality.” 
“Let’s go to Wickam Group’s showroom.” 
Elisa did not mind purchasing a car from either group – her hatred for Gareth would not dissuade her from buying a car from them. She won’t be meeting them at a retail store anyways. 
Furthermore, Gareth was not the only one who would profit from the business – Gareth’s grandparents would profit from the business too! 
The car that she would buy would not be luxurious too. 
“Let’s go to Wickams. Surely, you’d like to profit your own people, right?” Rachel winked at Elisa naughtily. 
Elisa pretended to frown at her friend, but could not stop her lips from twitching in delight as they strolled into the showroom. 
A sales assistant approached them with a smile that faltered for a short second before returning to her face when she saw Elisa. “Good day, Miss Benett. How may I help you?”
She would have to pay up, now that she was no longer part of the family. 
“Get me a BMW.” Elisa uttered. 
Why does she want a BMW? Did she lose so much that she could only afford that type of car? The sales assistant wondered. 
However, she did not hesitate as she led them towards the car she had in mind. “Sure! Come with me!” 
“Are you sure you want a BMW? That’s kind of below your standards, isn’t it?” Rachel gasped, but Elisa evaded the question. 
“I like BMWs.” 
“Okay. I understand.” Rachel nodded as she followed the sales assistant with Elisa by her side.
###chapter100
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 100
Chapter 100 I Want to Give Her a Present 
Elisa simply chose a car and went to pay for it. 
It was not more than a million. 
After all the procedures were completed, they went to collect the car. 
Rachel sat in the passenger seat. She smiled. “I want to be a rich man’s woman!” 
When the salesperson heard Rachel, disdain flashed across his eyes. What sort of people did Rachel mix with after leaving the Wickam family that she could be contented with just a car that is worth a million? 
Elisa merely smiled and drove off. 
Both of them went to the tax office to pay the taxes for the car and got it a license plate. 
Rachel stood beside her. She could not help but ask, “Would you have any luck in getting a synchronised car plate number?” 
Elisa smiled, “It’s doesn’t matter. It’s just a license plate number.” 
“You can’t say that. The more auspicious the number, the luckier you’ll be! If you can get a series of eight or a series of nine, that’ll be good!” 
Elisa smiled helplessly. She did not manage to bid any synchronized car plate number albeit Rachel’s eagerness. 
However…
There were no synchronized car plate numbers for her to choose. They were all very common car plate numbers. 
Elisa simply chose one that she felt was more eye-catching—AYE692. “I’ll take this.” 
Rachel sighed. “Sigh. How would it be easy to bid a synchronized car plate number?” 
Elisa smiled. She flicked Rachel’s forehead and said, “Come on, let’s go have lunch first. Then we shall go shopping in the afternoon.” 
“Great!” 
Both of them had a good laugh as they chatted over lunch. Elisa finally had an enjoyable lunch. There finally weren’t Will Darcey’s schemes nor the revolting Gareth Wickam and Linda Benett. They did not meet any acquaintance at all, so it was a pleasant meal to Elisa. 
Rachel put down her chopsticks. She could not help but sigh. “Hey, I still think that no one can cook better than you.” 
Elisa raised her eyebrows. Both of them rested for a while before they set off. 
After they found a parking space, they went into the mall. 
Rachel led the way and dragged her around. She knew that Elisa did not have much constraints, so she brought her to a mall under Wickam Group. It was huge and luxurious. Most importantly, the things here were all of high-quality. 
Elisa looked at Rachel and asked. “Is there anything you’d like to buy?” 
“I’m just looking around to see if there’s anything I like. You should look around too, Elisa. I barely see you go shopping. A girl should treat herself better. If not, she’ll age fast!”
Elisa smiled. “Alright.” 
Soon, they arrived at the goldsmith. 
When the salesperson saw them finely dressed, he immediately greeted them with a smile. “Is there anything you like?” 
Rachel smiled. “Let us have a look first.” 
“Sure.” 
Elisa lowered her eyes and scanned around her. She paused when she saw a jade bracelet. “This. Can you take this out? I’d like to take a look at it.” 
Grandma’s birthday is just half a month away. She wanted to get grandma a gift. 
This jade bracelet looked elegant and upscale. But it was subtle as well. However… She would not be the one giving Grandma this bracelet. 
“Why Elisa, are you buying this bracelet?” 
Two people were approaching Elisa from not far away. When they heard Rachel’s voice, they cast a look at her. 
Right after that, they heard Elisa’s voice. “Grandma’s birthday is coming soon. I want to get her a present.”
###chapter101
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 101
Chapter 101 Don’t Say That I Didn’t Remind You 
The salesperson studied Elisa. Elisa looked familiar to her. When she heard Elisa mention about her grandma, she suddenly remembered… This must be Elisa Benett! 
The woman who divorced Mr. Wickam! 
Her own grandma had passed away. She must be referring to Mr. Wickam’s grandma! 
A look of disdain flashed across her eyes. She had divorced Mr. Wickam. Yet, she was still buttering up to the Wickam family. Isn’t she a little shameless? 
Elisa was still looking at the jade bracelet in front of her. But… 
Although this bracelet was made of jade, it had a motif. This was indeed a distinctive feature of a jade bracelet which makes it stylish. But… its motif was not what Grandma liked, so she wanted to return it to the salesperson. Suddenly, she heard a voice calling her. 
“Elisa!” 
Elisa turned around with the bracelet in her hand. Linda and Shirley were walking towards her together. 
Linda was smiling whereas Shirley looked disgusted. “Why, what a small world it is indeed! Why do I always bump into the person I hate?” 
Rachel’s face darkened. She sneered. “Although I’ve always thought that a cracked bell can never sound, you’ve proved me wrong today! The world is indeed too small! Why do we always run into you? How annoying!” 
The salesperson: “…”
She glanced at Rachel subconsciously. This woman is too bold! 
Linda was about to marry into the Wickam family. Even if she didn’t, she was the eldest young lady of the Benett family! The Benett family was powerful. Nobody dared to offend them. 
But this woman… She must be powerful as well, or she was just plain stupid. 
Shirley, who had a smile on her face earlier on, suddenly lost her temper and shrieked, “You…!” 
“Shirley.” Linda quickly stopped her. She shook her head disapprovingly at Shirley. “You are my best friend. One of them is my sister, and the other is her best friend. No matter what, we shouldn’t fight.” 
Although it was a reprimand, Linda controlled her tone very well. It sounded pleasant and made her seem noble and kind. 
Shirley gritted her teeth and exclaimed helplessly. “Linda, you are too patient! You treat her as a sister, but when did she ever treat you as one? You would have been Mrs. Wickam a long time ago if she hadn’t interfered!” 
“Shirley!” Linda’s face darkened. 
Shirley turned around and looked away. She completely stopped speaking. 
The salesperson widened her eyes. What an astonishing scoop! 
What a great day it was to be able to learn about such an interesting story at work! 
These two women before her were both connected to Mr. Wickam! 
Elisa gave a slight smile. She would have seen Linda in the same light as Shirley if she hadn’t discovered Linda’s true colors. She would have thought that Linda was a generous, kind, and gentle
woman. 
But now, she was absolutely certain that she was just using Shirley to make her look good. 
Shirley didn’t even realize that Linda was using her. 
Rachel scoffed. She gave Shirley a condescending glance. “I’m a person with some conscience. Don’t blame me for not warning you this in the future. Be careful or you’ll be done for one day unknowingly.”
###chapter102
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 102
Chapter 102 Don’t Lower Your Standards! 
Shirley glared at her angrily. “What did you eat? Your breath smells bad!” 
Rachel laughed. “Alright then. We shall just wait and see.” 
Elisa pulled Rachel away. She did not want to take heed to those two women. She merely observed the jade bracelet in her hand. She seemed to have taken a fancy over it. 
Linda noticed Elisa’s interest in the bracelet. Grandma was closest to Elisa. They always spent time together. This must be Grandma’s liking since Elisa was so keen on it. 
She smiled. “Elisa, you…” 
Before she could finish speaking, Elisa handed the bracelet to the salesperson. “Please wrap this up.” 
The salesperson acted quickly to Elisa’s wishes. Although she did not quite like Elisa, the commission for this bracelet was quite a sum. She went to pack the bracelet hurriedly. 
Shirley glanced at Linda. “Linda, we should just leave since we are not welcomed here. Let’s go!” 
Linda shook her head helplessly. She looked at Elisa and said, “Elisa, I will be having dinner with Garry tonight. Why don’t you join us? We should have a proper talk and solve our misunderstandings. Even if you both couldn’t be spouses anymore, you shouldn’t be enemies. Isn’t that right?” 
Elisa snorted. Linda had always said that she wished to help her and Garry solve their misunderstanding so they could get back together. But now, she claimed that she wanted to help solve their misunderstanding so they could be friends again. She was indirectly stating that there was no chance for them to get back together again.
Since that was the case, she should grant Linda’s wish, shouldn’t she? 
Rachel scoffed. Just as she wanted to rebut Linda, Elisa grabbed her hand. She smiled at Linda, “I appreciate your kindness, but I don’t think I should interrupt you and Garry dating.” 
Linda’s expression changed. This good-for-nothing Elisa! So she was waiting for the moment to get her revenge! 
Many people were castigating her for being a mistress in a relationship. They said that she had forced Elisa to leave. After all, Elisa and Garry had a very steady relationship in the past. Now that things have taken a sudden turn, they suspected that there must be a third person interfering with their relationship. So, many of them attacked her for being a mistress. 
She could only try hard to find ways to change this situation. She must create illusions of Elisa being the third person instead. But now that things finally seemed to be slightly on her side, Elisa actually said that she and Garry were dating. 
Although she often went out with Garry, she could not expose their relationship. She wanted to establish an innocent image of herself. 
Elisa’s statement, however, was ruining her efforts. 
Linda sighed helplessly. “Oh, Elisa. You must have been mistaken. Although Garry and I indeed had some contact with each other a few years ago, we stopped when you married him. We are just friends.” 
Elisa smiled. She did not continue speaking. 
Shirley, however, gritted her teeth and snarled. “Why should we continue talking to her, Linda? Let’s go!”
Linda looked at Elisa helplessly. Just as she was about to say something, the salesperson spoke to Elisa. “Ma’am, are you paying by card?” 
Elisa nodded and took out her bank card. 
The salesperson quickly took the card and swiped it. 
Linda sneered. She did not talk anymore. She put on a sad face, pulled Rachel away, and left. 
Shirley’s dissatisfaction could still be heard. “Linda! Can you stop lowering your standards? She does not deserve to be treated so kindly!”
###chapter103
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 103
Chapter 103 True Family 
Elisa looked at the neatly wrapped gift box. She was half smiling. 
Hopefully, Linda wouldn’t be a victim of her ingenuity this time. 
After Elisa paid for the bracelet, she handed it to Rachel before they left the counter. “What do you think of the bracelet just now?” 
“Not too bad! It’s exactly what my grandma would like.” 
Elisa nodded and gave Rachel the bracelet. “Your grandmother’s birthday is coming soon, right? Let her have this.” 
“What? Didn’t you say that it was for your grandma?” 
Elisa smiled. “I lied.” 
“What?” Rachel was stunned. Before she could regain her senses, Elisa had already put the gift in her hand. 
Rachel was confused. “What are you doing? Why are you giving away something that is worth ten thousands? Are you so rich to spend your money that way? Moreover, why are you doing this?” 
“Your grandmother is my grandmother too.” 
Rachel suddenly laughed out loud. “What exactly are you trying to do?” 
Elisa merely pursed her lips. “You’ll know when grandma’s birthday comes.”
Rachel seemed to finally get Elisa’s thoughts. She spoke excitedly. “Are you planning to fight back once and for all?” 
“If somebody messes with me, you can bet I’ll do the same to them.” Elisa spoke calmly. 
But Rachel could not help but laugh. “If someone messes with me, I’ll pay back ten times the damage they did to me!” 
Elisa merely twitched her lips. “I didn’t say anything.” 
“Alright, alright. You didn’t, I did!” Rachel could not help but be overjoyed. “Then I shall thank you on Grandma’s behalf! I will put this on her during her birthday!” 
“Mmm.” 
Rachel’s curiosity grew stronger. “Can you tell me… your thoughts? Will that woman be particularly embarrassed that day?” 
Both of them discussed about this freely because Linda and Shirley had gone upstairs. Moreover, they were speaking softly. 
Elisa merely smiled. “Grandma’s birthday is just half a month away. You’ll know then.” 
“Oh! Look at you! You’re always like this!” Rachel pursed her lips. The curiosity was killing her. 
Elisa could not help but chuckle. Then, she pulled Rachel away and they continued their shopping. 
The truth was, Elisa knew that Linda would definitely find a way to embarrass her today. She had guessed that Linda would snatch the item that she wanted to buy today. 
She wanted to create the impression that she was untouchable through money and power.
But… When Linda heard that she was going to get grandma a present, she must have thought of something more powerful or better than what Elisa had to offer. 
That was why their conversation was so short. She only wanted to show others that they weren’t on good terms. 
A cold glint flashed across Elisa’s eyes. She once treated these people as her family. But she won’t do so now. 
She will not let them go so easily for backstabbing her. 
This was just the beginning. 
The two of them continued shopping for a short while, then went home. 
But Rachel followed Elisa back because she missed Elisa’s cooking. 
Rachel got all the groceries and gave Elisa a hand in the kitchen so that she could have a proper meal made by Elisa! 
However, Rachel’s phone rang suddenly. She wiped her hands dry and looked at the caller ID. She was surprised. “Oh? It’s Sheen.” 
Elisa was surprised as well. “Take it. Tell her to come if she’s available.” 
Rachel’s eyes lit up. “Of course!” 
She picked up the call right away. “Hi, Sheen darling.” 
“Where are you, Rach? Come out! I’m going to call Elisa now.”
###chapter104
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 104
Chapter 104 Everyone Would Be Happy 
Rachel giggled. “I’m with Elisa right now. We went shopping this afternoon, and I came over for dinner after that. Are you outside?” 
“Yeah. I’m outside. I just had a fight with my father. How annoying.” 
“Then come over to Elisa’s place. Elisa is cooking. It smells really good!” 
“Elisa’s cooking?” Sheena sounded delighted. 
“Yes! Come now! I’ll send you the address.” Rachel logged into her WeChat account. 
Sheena hummed and hung up. 
After Rachel sent Sheena the address, she hesitated. “Elisa, since the three of us are gathering, should we invite Carle over too?” 
Elisa hesitated. 
Rachel noticed and quickly continued, “Don’t be too stressed about it. Carle is not pressuring you either. Both of you are still friends. As long as you don’t agree to it, he will not cross the line. Moreover, Carle is a good person. Are you going to give up your friendship just because of that?” 
“Of course not.” Elisa paused and answered. “You call him then. Tell him I invited him over.” 
“Alright!” 
Immediately afterwards, Rachel made the call. 
Carle was thrilled to receive the invitation. He left for their place right away.
At this moment, Sheena and Carle were on their way to Elisa’s place. 
Rachel continued to help Elisa out in the kitchen. She smiled. “By the way, Carle was so agitated these two days that I seem to spot some white hair growing on of his head.” 
Elisa was puzzled. “What’s wrong?” 
Rachel spoke while she washed the vegetables. “I heard this from Sheen since they are quite close; Chairman Semoa plans to hand the company over to Carle, but was turned down by the shareholders. They want him to secure an almost impossible contract. The only way to secure this contract is to get first in a car race. If he does not manage to do this, it would be hard for him to take over the company.” 
“A car race?” Elisa’s hands trembled. 
Rachel nodded. “The thing is, Carle is still young. Moreover, he was still studying before this, so he barely understands the company. That is why the shareholders are against him taking the CEO’s seat. His father let him take up this contract too because he wanted Carle to succeed. But if he doesn’t…” 
Elisa paused for a moment. Then she continued cutting the vegetables. 
Rachel raised her eyes and looked at Elisa. “Elisa, do you want to help him?” 
“Yes.” Elisa did not even think before answering. Carle was her best friend. He took care of her when they were in school. But she had neglected all of her friends when she got married and devoted herself to being a full-time wife. 
She felt guilty for that. 
Elisa, Rachel, Sheena and Carle were good friends since young. They were all from reputable families and their families knew each other.
But Rachel had some arguments with her family, so she refused to return to the Markee family since. 
Rachel could not help but chuckle. “You have always been a loyal friend.” 
Elisa raised her eyebrows. “Didn’t you tell me this because you wanted me to help him?” 
“Haha…” Rachel laughed softly. “I just didn’t want both of you to become more distanced.” 
The truth was, Rachel had secretly wished that Elisa and Carle could be an item. 
Carle was handsome and rich. He was capable too. If the both of them got together, everyone would be happy for them!
###chapter105
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 105
Chapter 105 Ten Years 
Just after they were done serving dinner, Sheena and Carle arrived. 
When they saw the six dishes and soup on the dining table, their eyes lit up in delight. 
“Smells good! Just to my liking!” Sheena could not help but exclaim. 
She changed her shoes into a pair of indoor slippers, washed her hands and sat at the dining table. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. Then, she sighed in satisfaction. “I didn’t eat at home because I got into a fight with my family. I didn’t expect that fight to be a blessing in disguise!” 
Rachel sat next to Sheena and asked curiously. “Why did you fight with your family?” 
Elisa took off her apron and walked toward them. She saw Rachel and Sheena sitting next to each other. 
She could only sit opposite Sheena. 
Carle went over and sat next to Elisa. 
Sheena picked up her chopsticks and spoke irritably. “Well, they wanted me to get married to unite our family businesses. I told them not to do so, and that I would never do that. But they insisted that I must, for I was born into the family and I have enjoyed all the wealth my family had provided me over the years. They said it was time I paid them in return. What nonsense is that? Did I get to choose my family at birth?” 
Sheena was really furious, she almost swore.
Carle looked at her and suggested. “You should move out for the moment to avoid them. Don’t go back and fight with them.” 
Sheena pursed her lips. She raised her eyes and looked at Carle. “Sigh. I would rather marry you. I’ll definitely agree to an arranged marriage to you. I’ll be free too.” 
Carle’s smile froze for a moment. Then he smiled. “My father did not arrange any marriage for me though. He gave me the choice.” 
Sheena snorted. “I know, I know. I was just joking. I know your heart is taken.” 
Elisa could not say anything. 
Rachel quickly coughed lightly. “Hey, let’s stop talking about those unhappy things. Let’s try Elisa’s cooking!” 
Sheena quickly picked some food and put it on her plate. “Right! I made it here just to have some warm food!” 
Elisa smiled. She served a few cans of beer. “You should get a chauffeur tonight.” 
Sheena took the can of beer from Elisa. “No. I’ll stay here. Elisa, you have to let me stay for the night. If not, Rachel’s place can do too.” 
Rachel burst into laughter. “Are we being extorted by you now?” 
Sheena insisted. “Well, don’t you love your best friend?” 
“I don’t! Elisa can take you in!” Rachel gulped down a mouthful of the beer and took a mouthful of the food. She sighed in satisfaction. “This is simply the most delicious food on Earth! Elisa, you are the reason I find joy in life! This is not just a common compliment!”
Elisa smiled. “Just eat your food.” 
Carle smiled lightly. “Rachel is right. Your cooking is indeed the best.” 
They have all tasted Elisa’s cooking before, and could not forget about it. 
Sheena had an elated look on her face when she took the first bite of the food. “Goodness gracious! Your cooking has improved so much since we last tried it a few years ago!” 
“Yes! Yes! Hurry and stuff yourself up!” Rachel laughed. 
Elisa handed a can of beer to Carle. “I hear that you have been looking for a car racer recently?” 
Carle was surprised. “You know that too?” 
Elisa smiled lightly. “What do you think of me? Why don’t I try and apply for it? How much do you plan to pay me?” 
Sheena paused for a moment. Then, she laughed out loud. “That’s quite a joke, Elisa. Will you be competing for beauty then?” 
Perhaps… 
Only Sheena herself knew that she had liked Carle for ten years.
###chapter106
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 106
Chapter 106 The Critical Moment 
Because of that, Rachel kept trying to match Elisa with Carle. 
If she knew, she would not do that. 
Rachel laughed, “Well, perhaps that isn’t necessarily true. You might not need to worry about it at all if Elisa races for you!” 
Carle smiled bitterly. “I know that there is no chance of me winning this time. I heard that Darcey Group and Wickam Group are offering Wisteria quite a handsome price to race for them. No matter who gets Wisteria then, the champion will not be me.” 
The smile on his handsome face looked awkward. 
Sheena’s eyes glistened. “Don’t say that. Everything will be fine by then.” 
“Come, let’s have a drink first!” Rachel raised her beer and they clinked their cans together. 
Elisa quietly took a mouthful of food, then spoke slowly. “I can help you. But I cannot promise you first place. I will do my best though.” 
She knew that there were good days and bad days. So, she would not make a promise she could not fulfil. 
Carle looked at her in surprise. “Are you sure you want to go?” 
Rachel laughed out loud. She looked into Carle’s eyes and spoke slowly. “Carle, don’t you want to look for Wisteria? What if she agrees to help you?” 
Carle shook his head and smiled bitterly. “What an absurd joke. How can I manage to hire her?”
Elisa looked straight into his eyes and said. “You can. Wisteria is willing to help you too.” 
Rachel’s eyes sparkled. If this continues, will the two of them manage to be an item? 
She wanted to match the two of them together so badly. 
It was a pity that Elisa hadn’t overcome the wound from her previous relationship. 
Sheena noticed something off about this. Why was Elisa so firm and confident? 
Who was Wisteria? She did not pay much attention to car racing in the past because she was not interested in it. 
But after she learnt about Carle’s struggle, she now knew that Wisteria was an impressive car racer. 
If she could race for Carle, he would definitely be able to secure the contract! 
Carle felt that something was obviously off, but he didn’t think too much. He asked, “Is Wisteria your and Rach’s friend?” 
Rachel smiled lightly and said, “Yes, she’s my friend.” 
Carle’s eyes lit up with joy. He exclaimed delightfully, “Then, would that be a total yes?” 
Rachel added, “She isn’t just my friend. She’s our friend!” 
Carle and Sheena were shocked. They could not think fast enough to get Rachel’s meaning. 
However, Carle’s expression froze the next moment. He immediately stared at Elisa. His eyes were full of shock. 
He took a deep breath.
Before he could speak, Elisa said, “Send me the tournament details. I will go on the day.” 
Carle’s eyes were full of disbelief. 
Carle’s lips trembled. He could not speak for a while. His brain was stuck with that one information. 
Elisa was the car racer, Wisteria! 
After a while, Sheena spoke solemnly to Elisa with a sullen face. “Elisa, do you really not see us as your friends? You didn’t tell us about you being Iris, and now Wisteria?” 
Rachel laughed. She knew that Sheena was being doubtful of their friendship, so she quickly spoke up for Elisa. “That’s right! How could she only tell us at this critical moment?”
###chapter107
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 107
Chapter 107 Do You Have a Solution? 
Carle looked at Elisa. She smiled and said, “I’m sorry.” 
“I cannot accept this apology. You have to show atonement through actions!” Rachel demanded coquettishly. 
Sheena returned to her senses and nodded her head in agreement. “That’s right. We do not accept an apology without an act of remorse.” 
Elisa spoke helplessly, “What should I do? I have nothing to compensate you.” 
“Who says so? You can take care of our dinner every day!” 
Sheena burst out in laughter. “That’s quite a lot. Don’t you know any shame to have dinner on her every day?” 
“Don’t you want it too? Shouldn’t we be on the same side at this time?” 
Carle smiled and remained quiet. 
Sheena hesitated. She picked up her chopsticks and smiled. “That makes sense too. We can’t just forgive you like that. Why not you make us dinner for the rest of the month? When you have no more money from buying us food, then we’ll forgive you.” 
Rachel sighed helplessly. “A month is indeed still a short duration. What if we can’t make it on some days?” 
“Hahaha… You glutton.” Sheena raised her hand and flicked Rachel’s forehead. 
Elisa was helpless. “You can come whenever you want. I’ll make dinner for you anytime.”
Carle’s eyes twitched. He seemed to gaze at her with a little more affection. 
But it was just for a moment. He hid his feelings after that as he didn’t want Elisa to feel pressured. 
The evening was quite a boisterous night for all of them, especially Carle. All the depression he felt over the past few days was gone after he learnt that Elisa was Wisteria and that she was willing to help him. He drank more than usual. 
It wasn’t until eleven when Carle finally left. His driver came to pick him up. 
Sheena, on the other hand, refused to go back. So both Sheena and Rachel stayed back. The three of them slept together like they used to when they were young. 
Because Sheena had quite an amount of alcohol, she seemed to be in a worse mood after Carle left. She couldn’t help but burst into tears. 
Rachel was at a loss when she saw Sheena’s state. She quickly turned on the lights, picked up a tissue and wiped Sheena’s tears. “My little darling, what’s wrong?” 
Elisa looked at Sheena too. She snatched Sheena’s phone away and said, “Why are you still looking at it if it makes you sad?” 
Sheena sniffed. “Am I really their biological daughter?” 
The Gilio family had already announced her hand of marriage to the Helm family on social media. 
“Of course you are!” Rachel quickly answered. “It’s just an announcement. It hasn’t happened yet! We can still fight back. Don’t cry, darling!” 
Rachel wiped her tears for her as she spoke. She felt helpless inside. She knew that the marriage will happen very soon.
Sheena could not help but laugh. But tears continued to roll down her cheeks as she spoke. “Have you noticed the time they posted the news? It was two hours ago, meaning they posted it right after my fight with them.” 
Rachel’s face darkened. “How can your parents be so selfish?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. “There is always a way to solve things. Being in a fight with them isn’t the best way. If you want to break this engagement, you have to do something.” 
Rachel looked at Elisa. “Do you have an idea?”
###chapter108
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 108
Chapter 108 Do as They Say 
Sheena smiled coldly. “What’s the use of that? My parents seemed to be obsessed with me marrying into the Helm family. They knew that I would refuse, but they still insisted.” 
Sheena snatched the piece of tissue from Rachel’s hand. She sobbed and wiped her tears. “They did not even give me a phone call. I have been outside for so long. Instead, they posted the news about my engagement on social media. Will they even care if I died outside?” 
“Don’t say that.” Elisa held her hand and said solemnly. “The Helm family is not a good choice of marriage for you. Your father is willing to sacrifice you so he can work with the Helm family.” 
“Exactly. What can I do now? I can only keep resisting. But in the end, I’ll still be left with no choice but to marry into the Helm family obediently.” 
Rachel was extremely furious as well. “Your father is too much! I heard that the Helm family is very superficial. In fact, they do a lot of unthinkable stuff behind closed doors. They should be kept away from the public and receive punishment for their evil deeds!” 
She held Sheena’s hand as she watched Sheena continue to cry quietly. “If there is a scandal in the Helm family, your father will definitely call this marriage off.” 
Sheena’s eyes suddenly lit up. She looked at Elisa subconsciously. “But the Helm family…” 
“I have an idea.” 
Elisa’s voice was soft, but the look in her eyes was firm. 
Rachel was excited. “What is it? What should we do? I’ll totally listen to you!”
Elisa smiled. “Just lean back and watch. I will help you settle this matter in three days. You should just go home and act as if you have relented to them. Don’t have any more conflicts with your family.” 
Sheena looked shocked. 
She was at a loss for words. 
“Elisa, you…” 
Elisa smiled and nodded at her. “Trust me.” 
There was gratitude in Sheena’s eyes. She nodded without saying anything. 
Rachel did not probe further. Elisa must be afraid that Sheena will get worried if she knew what Elisa was going to do. Or perhaps, the plan might not be successful. She feared that Sheena would notice something off if she asked further. Then, she’ll be in a bad mood again. 
After that night, when the three of them woke up, Sheena was feeling better. But she did not forget her conversation with Elisa and Rachel the night before. 
She looked at the bun in her hand and took a bite gloomily. She could not help but raise her eyes and looked at Elisa. “Elisa, do you really have a plan?” 
Elisa nodded. “I do. But it still depends on whether you are willing to cooperate.” 
The sorrow in Sheena’s eyes decreased a little. A light smile lit up her face. “I’m willing to do anything as long as the engagement can be called off! Tell me what I should do!” 
Elisa did not respond to her right away. She narrowed her eyes and said. “If I am not mistaken, the eldest young master of the Helm family likes you a lot.”
Sheena replied disgustedly. “He is a jerk! He cannot control himself whenever he sees a beautiful woman!” 
Elisa nodded. “I know some of his secrets. Since your family has posted about your marriage on social media, we should just follow suit.” 
“How?” 
Elisa smiled. She told them her plan. The more Sheena listened to the plan, the brighter her eyes shone. She was in total delight! 
“Thank you so much, Elisa!” If they weren’t sitting opposite each other, Sheena would have been hugging Elisa by now. 
Rachel was full of amazement. “What a great idea! Let’s assign tasks then!”
###chapter109
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 109
Chapter 109 What Do You Mean? 
Elisa nodded and assigned tasks to all three of them. At this time, Sheena looked so cheerful. “Alright, I shall go home now! I will admit my mistakes to my parents!” 
Rachel spoke happily too, “And I shall go find Hayden!” 
Elisa nodded. “Great. I shall go look for that woman.” 
Sheena put down the bun in her hand. She turned around to leave, but Rachel pulled her back. “Are you really in such a rush? Have your breakfast first!” 
Elisa chucked. “Take some breakfast. It’s unhealthy for you to skip breakfast.” 
Sheena had no choice but to sit down and swallow her breakfast. Then she wiped her mouth, picked up her bag and left hurriedly. “I’ll go back first. I’m afraid that my dad would do something else if I don’t return. Bye, girls.” 
She was as enthusiastic and energetic as she used to be. 
Rachel could not help but chuckle out loud. She finished her breakfast too and said, “I’ll go find Hayden now then.” 
Elisa nodded. But she was a little worried about Rachel. “Are you really close to Hayden? We can find someone to replace you if it doesn’t work.” 
“I am Sheena’s best friend. I’m the person she’d trust. You matching Hayden with that girl, on the other hand, requires more effort. Your role is the most important one.” 
Elisa nodded. “Don’t worry.”
Then, they packed their bags and went out. 
— 
At the restaurant, in a private room. 
Elisa was sitting opposite a woman. 
The woman studied Elisa. Elisa was dressed in a simple white T-shirt and blue jeans. She had a white cap on her head and her hair was let down. She even had sunglasses on. It was hard to tell that she was Gareth Wickam’s ex-wife if one did not look properly. 
The woman, however, was dressed differently. 
Her makeup was heavy, and she was dressed skimpily. She had a flowery dress on. It was low cut and short. Her brown curly hair was let down freely on her body. It made her body very pleasant to look at, just like a beautiful landscape. 
She looked very beautiful. She looked like a classic beauty. Her dark, black eyes looked mysteriously lively too. 
Elisa smiled at her. “How do you do? Sorry for making such an abrupt visit.” 
The woman stared at Elisa and studied her carefully. 
She had never thought that she would have the chance to meet someone whom she always only saw behind the screen. Now that she had met Elisa, she was surprised to learn how humble she was. 
She picked up the coffee in front of her. She took a sip slowly and asked Elisa. “I wonder why Ms. Benett has asked me out today?”
Elisa smiled and asked. “Do you like Hayden Helm?” 
Shock filled the woman’s eyes. She glared at Elisa fiercely. “What do you mean?” 
“Isn’t it tiring to hide and keep your relationship private?” Elisa continued to ask. 
The woman’s face suddenly turned cold. She sounded displeased. “I came out of respect for you. If you are trying to create trouble, I’m sorry but I don’t have time for that.” 
Elisa nodded. “I know all about you since I was able to find you. Don’t worry, I won’t spread this news out.” 
The woman frowned. She pursed her lips and said nothing. 
Elisa continued. “How sure are you that he has just you, and not many more other women?” 
The look on the woman’s face changed. She looked even more unfriendly. She gave Elisa a cold look. “What do you mean?”
###chapter110
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 110
Chapter 110 Unsightly Photos 
Without saying a word, Elisa smiled and handed her a stack of photos. 
Renee furrowed as she took over the photos; all the unsightly photos exposed before her in that instant. 
Renee looked pasty-faced as she browsed through the photos. Halfway through browsing the stack of photos, she tossed them on the table furiously because she couldn’t stand the unsightly photos. 
“This can’t justify the veracity!” 
Elisa dipped her head indifferently, “You can deny the veracity of these photos. Why don’t you follow me to a place tonight? I’ll show you.” 
Renee pulled a long face. She frowned upon that idea. 
Elisa said slowly, “Are you aware of what’s trending on the Internet? There’s a marriage agreement between the Helm and Gilio family. Sheena found out Hayden is a womanizer and refuses to marry him, but Sheena’s father insists on her marrying him. ” 
Renee wrinkled her forehead, “He told me that he doesn’t want to marry Sheena but his parents are unyielding. It’s nothing but just an announcement, he will find a way to break out of the marriage agreement. ” 
“Is that so?” Elisa chuckled superciliously. Perhaps she was mocking Renee’s naivety, or perhaps not. 
Elisa’s condescending response snubbed Renee. Elisa carried on and said, “I’m not going to show you any more evidence because you won’t believe me anyway. Just like these photos, you would think they were doctored.”
Renee balled her fists. Although she was reluctant to admit it, Hayden indeed had always kept her at arm’s length. He was always lukewarm and ambiguous with her! 
Renee felt even more suspicious of Hayden after Elisa’s attempt in showing her the evidence! 
Her last straw of rationality held her back from making the wrong judgment. She bit her lip and said, “Did you ask me out today just to persuade me to break up with him?” 
Seeing that Elisa kept quiet, Renee sneered, “If Hayden is really a womanizer like what you told me, and even if I leave him, it’s unlikely for him to be loyal to Sheena if they get married in the future.” 
“Of course I know. That’s why Sheena won’t marry him.” Elisa was affirmative. 
Renee furrowed. She was confused by Elisa, “Then what are you trying to do here?” 
Elisa looked at her, “Don’t you want to take revenge on him for playing with your feelings?” 
“Revenge?” Renee looked at her, “Why would I want revenge? I don’t even know the veracity of your claim on his disloyalty to me. Besides, I’m just an ordinary girl. He’s a rich kid with profound family connections. Don’t you think it’s futile for me to take revenge on him?!” 
“Among his girlfriends, you’re the only one who’s capable of tearing him down. Moreover, he doesn’t have the audacity to do anything to you. No?” 
Renee was alarmed. She looked at her alertly, “Who the hell are you?!” 
How did Elisa know her so well?! 
“Who am I? Don’t you know me?” Elisa remained smiley.
At this point, Renee refrained from saying too much to her. Elisa articulated, “If you’re keen, you can call me at eight o’clock tonight and I’ll take you to a place.” 
After speaking, Elisa left the scene. 
Hayden was smart and cunning. He hid his trails well. Nobody could expose his scandalous love life except for the women who were in a relationship with him. 
Only such a disrepute would coerce the elitist Gilio family to call off the marriage agreement in an attempt to salvage their reputation. 
Renee sat on the chair perturbed. 
Renee was trembling in fury after seeing all the unsightly photos on the table! 
She drew a slip of breath and immediately put away the photos.
###chapter111
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 111
Chapter 111 Next Steps 
At the Benett’s residence. 
Linda was in a very good mood. She was humming a song while playing on her phone on the sofa. 
Her good mood caught Rose by surprise. She walked over and sat next to her, “You seem like you’re in a good mood today.” 
“Yeah, Mom. I got Gareth’s grandma a very nice gift.” 
Rose was befuddled by her puny fulfillment, “What’s so special and celebratory about getting a gift?” 
“Of course it’s not just about getting a gift!” 
“What then?” 
Linda took out her phone and showed Rose the gift she got for Gareth’s grandma. The smile on her face lingered, “Take a look at this gift. What do you think?” 
“Well, not bad!” Rose nodded agreeably, “Top-notched quality with elegance. I heard that his grandma prefers jade.” 
Linda smiled, “How would I know his grandma’s preference? I chose this one all thanks to Elisa.” 
“What do you mean?” Rose was puzzled. 
Linda put away her phone. She smiled and said, ” I ran into Elisa at the mall today. She was shopping for a gift for Gareth’s grandma. She spent a significant amount of time with his grandma and knows her preference well. So, I observed the gift she chose and bought something similar that would suit his grandma’s taste.”
Rose commended her wittiness, “You are such a cheeky smart girl!” 
Linda smirked, “There are a lot of people comparing me against Elisa. Of course my distinction supersedes her, but I need to do better than this in order to consolidate validation from the Wickam family.” 
Seeing Rose nodding in accord, she couldn’t help but curl her lips, “Just now, Elisa got an ordinary few hundred thousand bucks bracelet as a birthday gift but my gift is way more extravagant and sophisticated than hers.” 
“So you…” Rose seemed like she had something to say. 
Linda nodded, “That’s right. Elisa will definitely be attending Old Madam Wickam’s birthday banquet. On that day, I’ll get someone to deliberately showcase our gifts side by side. Everyone will see how petty Elisa’s gift is and how sophisticated my taste in gifting is.” 
Rose let out a chuckle of realization. She patted Linda on her forehead dotingly, “You are so smart! My daughter is absolutely outstanding!” 
Linda closed her eyes and leaned back on the sofa with a faint smile, “You’ll see, Mom! I will definitely sabotage Elisa so that she will never be able to mingle in the influential elitist circle again! She used to be the first daughter of the Benett family, but her father passed away. Right now, all the spotlight and power belong to my father, and she is at rock bottom!!” 
Rose was even more delighted. She concurred in unison, “Obviously! No one can be compared to you! My dear, you are the best! ” 
Seeing Linda smiling without saying a word, Rose carried on and said, “But the gift is just to demonstrate your sophisticated taste. It doesn’t necessarily mean anything or help you in winning their
hearts.” 
Linda’s eyelashes trembled. She opened her eyes, and said cluelessly, “I know. But now… there is no better way.” 
“Says who?” 
Linda looked at Rose unwittingly, “Do you have an idea, Mom?” 
“Of course! I have an outstanding daughter. I bet the Wickam family will like my idea too.” 
Linda was excited to hear Rose’s idea, “Spill it, Mom! Tell me!.” 
Rose leaned forward to Linda and whispered in her ear.
###chapter112
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 112
Chapter 112 Dazed 
Time was slipping away. 
Elisa and the others were on their respective tasks. 
They had been following up with each other in their group chat. 
Rachel: I found Hayden. Managed to speak to him and told him everything. He is happy and asked me if Sheen would like to go out with him! 
Sheena: Appreciated that! I have made peace with my family too. My dad is very pleased that I have finally agreed to the marriage. My mother is kinder to me now than before. I hope the changes in them are genuine… 
Rachel: Don’t be sad! Sometimes things don’t work out the way you think they would. Perhaps your parents are victims of the circumstances too. Stop thinking too much! We just need to focus on our tasks. We are progressing in the right direction. No? 
Sheena: Okay, then. 
Elisa: I have met Renee. I’m anticipating her message to meet up tonight. 
Sheena: I’m a little worried. Is she really going to find you? After all, she is the key to our success. 
Elisa: Don’t worry, she will find me. Her pride won’t allow her to be taken advantage of. I didn’t know her, but I know her better now. She would rather die than give in. I gave her a choice, it’s all up to her now. 
Sheena: Hopefully… I feel sorry for her though.
Rachel: Don’t be. It’s better for her to know the truth. It’s even more hurting to be the last person to know the truth than finding out she’s been cheated on. 
Elisa: Rach is right. 
Sheena: Hmm… 
Carle: ? ? ? 
Carle: What are you guys talking about? 
Carle posted a confused emoticon. 
Sheena: Don’t poke your nose in women’s business. 
Rachel: Don’t be a busybody, kiddo! 
Carle: … 
Elisa couldn’t help but chuckle at Carle’s silliness. She put away the phone and waited for Renee to find her. 
She knew who Renee was. They were actually… 
Elisa pursed her lips in frustration. Forget it! I better not think about it for the time being. 
… 
At eight o’clock in the evening. 
As predicted, Renee called Elisa. The former asked, “Where should we meet?” 
Elisa raised her brow, “I’ll send you the address. Be there by nine.”
She knew where Renee lived and made sure she had enough time to get to the agreed place. 
Elisa hit the road at eight twenty and arrived five minutes before nine. 
Renee had just arrived when Elisa did. 
Looking at her distinguishable beautiful face, Elisa handed her a mask, a pair of sunglasses, and a leather jacket. 
Renee looked at her puzzled. Elisa explained casually, “So that you won’t get busted in there.” 
Renee put them on agreeably. In just a minute, her captivating face was now covered up with the help of props. Instead of beautiful, she looked obscure. 
“Where are you taking me?” 
They were at a deserted land that had just begun to be developed. 
But Renee knew that Elisa did not bring her here to show her the land development. 
Elisa was calm, “You’ll find out soon.” 
This place was open and uninhibited. The roads were barren with gravel, not tar or cement. 
As they walked further, they stumbled upon a black leather board on the ground.
###chapter113
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 113
Chapter 113 She Had Seen Her Before! 
Just as Renee was bemused to stumble upon a black leather board, Elisa had already uncovered it from the ground. 
Elisa’s action took Renee by surprise, “This is…” 
“Follow me.” 
There was a stairway underground!! 
Renee was mind blown. She didn’t expect an uninhibited place like this to have a hidden underground. 
Seeing that Elisa had entered the stairway, Renee had no choice but to follow. Meanwhile, Elisa reminded her, “Close the black leather board.” 
Renee did as told by Elisa. 
The stairway was pitch-dark. Elisa took out her phone and turned on the flashlight. 
They got to the last steps on the stairway and entered a narrow and long passage that only had enough space for two people to walk in. 
Renee was increasingly discomposed. Her instincts were at a clamour, “Where are you taking me?!” 
Elisa said indifferently, “I’m going to show you Hayden’s life. His true colour.” 
Renee furrowed. She didn’t say anything and decided to follow since she was already here. 
After walking about six or seven hundred meters, they heard a far-flung noise. It seemed that they were getting nearer to the destination.
There was a still shut door at the end of the passage. Elisa pushed the door open. 
Light rays shone through the crack. Darkness was instantly washed out by bright light. 
Just now they could only hear noises from a distance, but now, the noise was deafening. 
The startling stimulation agitated Renee. She blocked out the glaring light with her palm even though she had her sunglasses on. It cast a shadow on her face and enabled her to browse the surroundings. 
On the inside, there were an array of tables the size of billiard tables with layers of things on them, segregated with compartments. 
Every table was surrounded by people. They stood around and pried attentively at the center of the table. The sound of bargaining and cheering enveloped every inch of this place. 
Renee was shocked. She couldn’t believe there was a massive casino under a piece of uninhibited land! 
She estimated this casino occupied at least three thousand square meters! 
Elisa turned around and looked at her, “Follow closely.” 
Renee didn’t say anything and followed after her. 
Is Hayden here? 
Elisa covered herself up as well. Everyone was preoccupied with their games; they didn’t bother to check out the people around. 
Renee drew a breath of relief. Elisa must have had prepared in advance in order for them to come in without a stumbling block.
Elisa said indifferently, “This is where Hayden frequents. To be precise, he is a shareholder of this casino.” 
Renee was perturbed, “He…!” 
How is it possible that he runs such an illegal business?! 
But before she could prove this illegal underground casino was really his work, she decided to not comment because she didn’t want to falsely accuse him. 
At this moment, the two of them had come to the center. Elisa pointed in the direction ahead of them, “Look over there.” 
She looked at the direction Elisa was pointing at and saw that on the farthest side, there were five poker players sitting around a table with cigars between their lips. 
They were all focusing on the cards in their hands, and stacks of gambling chips were placed in front of them. 
Of course… 
That wasn’t the point. 
What mattered was… 
Renee spotted Hayden among them!! 
Renee took a glance at the other players. They were all big shots in the marketplace, hence each of them was accompanied by a beautiful woman.
As for the woman beside Hayden, Renee took a shocking gape because she had certainly seen her before! 
She was Hayden’s secretary. 
Elisa didn’t go nearer. She kept Renee roughly forty or fifty meters away from Hayden. 
Elisa and Renee couldn’t hear their conversation. Hayden divulged the cards in his hand and flashed a smirk. Then, he put a sizable amount of chips in the center. 
Hayden looked like he was in a good mood. He pulled the woman into his arms and kissed her on the lips!
###chapter114
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 114
Chapter 114 A Grown Woman is Getting Married Soon 
Renee’s heart sank to the bottom! 
Elisa glanced at her and said nonchalantly, “There are too many instances like this. You can stay here and observe him. He won’t be able to spot us in this angle.” 
Renee stomped out the casino with a livid face as the two of them were busy flirting with each other. 
Elisa followed closely. Soon, they got out to the barren land above the casino. 
Renee let out a sigh but before she could speak, Elisa said, “This is not the place to talk. Come with me.” 
They got into the car, away from the public. Elisa said softly, “Now you know what you deserve to know. So, what is your plan?” 
Renee closed her eyes, as if trying to recompose herself. Then, she looked at Elisa and sneered, “You must have found out that I am a vengeful person prior to this. Otherwise, why would you find me? ” 
Elisa smiled, “You are forthcoming, and I shall reciprocate. There’s only one thing you can do, that is to expose his casino for revenge.” 
Renee narrowed her eyes as if she was in a dilemma. 
It wouldn’t be enough just to expose Hayden’s illegal activity. It wasn’t convincing enough. 
So, in order to sabotage Hayden, she had to go on hard on him but that would mean her identity would be exposed as a result. 
Elisa turned on the car engine and sent her home.
They didn’t speak a word until they arrived at Renee’s house. Elisa said with a smile, “Think and come up with a plan. I have an idea in mind. If you need me, you can call me anytime.” 
Renee looked composed, “I have my own way.” 
After speaking, she opened the door and got out of the car. 
Elisa looked at her receding figure and said nothing. 
Elisa wrote a message in the group chat. 
Elisa: I have done my part. We will wait for Renee and see what to do next. 
Sheena: Can she.. Really? 
Elisa: Don’t worry, her unforgiving temperament won’t allow her to be at the mercy of anyone. Moreover, her powerful family background enables her to go down on Hayden directly. 
Rachel: Hahaha. That womanizer is getting into real trouble this time! I bet he will regret it if knows Renee’s dynamic family background! 
Elisa: Let’s see tomorrow. 
Carle: @Sheena, are you planning to call off the wedding? 
Sheena: Yes. Aren’t you happy for me? 
Carle: Congratulations! It’s best to call off the wedding. I see that you guys have been chatting and plotting secretly. Have you guys found a way to ruin him already? 
Rachel: Yep, that’s right! Let’s wait and see!
… 
Next morning. 
Everyone was doing their thing, busy carrying out a brand new day. 
It was the same for Linda too. 
She was making breakfast at home to bring to Gareth. She heard that he had been skipping breakfast which was damaging to his health! 
Linda delightedly got his breakfast ready and saw her mother when she was walking out of the kitchen. She stopped and greeted her. 
Rose looked at the food in her hands, “What did you cook for him?” 
“A porridge and some side dishes to balance up his nutrition.” Linda blushed. 
Rose chuckled teasingly, “You should go now. Try asking him when the two of you will get married.” 
Linda nodded coquettishly, “Yes, Mom. I am going to head out first or I’ll be late.” 
“Looks like my daughter is grown and has come to an age to get married soon.” Rose teased Linda. 
Linda gave her mother an embarrassed side eye before heading out in a whirlwind. After a while, she arrived at Wickam Group.
###chapter115
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 115
Chapter 115 The Right Decision 
Linda’s heart brimmed with joy and anticipation. This was her first-time cooking a meal for Gareth. He’d like it, won’t he? Thinking about this, she smiled to herself as a wave of relief washed over her. 
Upon seeing her arrival, the front receptionist’s eyes widened in surprise. Linda’s feud with Elisa was no secret. In fact, it was such a sensational gossip that everyone in the company knew of it and her identity. The front desk lady hurriedly stood up and greeted her, “Ms. Benett, are you here for Mr. Wickam?” 
“Yes, I’ve already informed him about my arrival, so no need to mind me.” 
Linda spoke with an air of superiority that made her very much like a mistress of the Wickam household. It stunned the receptionist for a moment. “Okay, please come in,” she spoke quickly, not wanting to offend her. 
With a polite nod, Linda invited herself in gracefully. The receptionist couldn’t help but look at her with envy. After all, who wouldn’t? Linda Benett was an attractive woman with a good figure, a wealthy background, and Mr. Wickam’s savior— everything it took to be a good wife for the Wickam family. 
The receptionist sighed. However, what she didn’t know was that Linda never notified Gareth of her arrival. Linda knew that Gareth would’ve let her in regardless, but she wanted to give him a surprise. 
Soon, the elevator dinged, and Linda reached the top floor of the company. Looking around the place, she subconsciously thought of the Benett family’s company… She had always felt that there was a jarring difference between the two groups. It was exactly how she felt when she first came into the Benett family. The style, luxury, and atmosphere was something she would’ve never expected to experience in her life.
Until now. 
Oh, how far had she come since then. Benett Group, which was initially so out of reach, was right at her fingertips. She had successfully become the only daughter of the Benett family while Elisa was made an outcast. 
Not to mention, as the future Mrs. Wickam of the company, she had already made quite a name for herself. So much that many have begun trying to find connections through her. 
Linda soon reached Gareth’s office and knocked on the door. Taking a deep breath, she cleared her throat and cooed in a sweet voice, “Garry, are you in there?” 
But there was no response. Linda frowned in concern. Work started hours ago so why isn’t he in yet? Did something happen? 
Just before she could say another word, she heard footsteps in the corridor. She turned her head, expecting to see Gareth but was instead greeted by his assistant, Thomas. Her smile instantly faded into a frown. “Assistant May, is Garry not here?” 
“Ms. Benett.” Thomas nodded politely. “Mr. Wickam is in a meeting. You may have to wait awhile.” 
Linda nodded in understanding. “Then I’ll wait for him in his office.” 
She didn’t miss the way his face froze almost imperceptibly. Blinking, she asked, “Is something the wrong?” 
Thomas quickly regained his senses and smiled. “It’s nothing, please come in. Mr. Wickam has another hour left in his meeting.”
“Okay.” Linda smiled back gracefully and walked through the door that Thomas held open, looking around subconsciously. Since the beginning of her plan, she had been pretending to be in a bed-ridden vegetative state. Even after her recovery, the only time she could contact Gareth was outside the building. But alas, she was finally able to enter his office! 
Behind her, Thomas shut the door with a troubled expression, unsure of whether letting her into Gareth’s office was the right decision. 
Between Linda’s excitement and Thomas’ internal torment. Gareth’s meeting finally came to an end.
###chapter116
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 116
Chapter 116 His Patience Running Thin 
Seeing Gareth walking toward the door, Thomas quickly spoke up, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett is here to see you.” 
Ms. Benett? Gareth shot him a questioning look, and Thomas understood immediately and specified, “Ms. Linda Benett.” 
Gareth’s obsidian eyes instantly narrowed at the mention of her name. “Tell her I’m not here.” At this point, Gareth had already reached the door to his office, and Thomas’ face visibly paled. 
Linda, who got up excitedly upon hearing Gareth’s voice, instantly froze when she heard those words behind the door. Her smile stiffened. She must’ve heard him wrong; he was probably referring to those pesky business partners of his who wouldn’t leave him alone… right? 
Embracing that comforting thought in mind, Thomas’ voice suddenly sounded from outside the door again, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett is already in your office waiting for you.” 
Linda’s heart skipped a beat, as if her expectations were about to be overturned. Even through the tiny gap under the door, she could feel a cold, stagnant air drifting into the room, filling the entire office. Her heart sank to her stomach as she became more flustered. Is the person he doesn’t want to see really me?! 
As if on cue, the door swung opened and Linda quickly recomposed herself, meeting Gareth’s indifferent eyes. She feigned a smile and said, “Garry, you’re back! I came an hour ago, but it was still too late. Otherwise, you could’ve had this porridge before the meeting. I’ll have to make sure to come earlier tomorrow.” She opened the box of porridge she had made for him. “This is still warm, here try—” 
“I’ve already had breakfast. There’s no need to send me meals in the future.” Gareth cut her off.
Linda clutched the lunch box tightly, her expression dejected. “Garry, are you worried I won’t be able to make it well? I’ve done it before.” 
Irritation twinged in his heart, but he swallowed it when he remembered how she had been comatose because of him. He spoke softly, “It hasn’t been long since you’ve recovered. So, you don’t have to trouble yourself with such things. Besides, you aren’t familiar with my taste.” 
Linda breathed a sigh of relief. “It’s alright, Garry. I’m fine now. You don’t have to worry about me.” 
“Why don’t you head back first?” Gareth suggested with a forced sense of calmness. “I still have a lot to do, so I won’t be able to spend any time with you today.” 
Hearing that, Linda’s smile faded a little. She opened her mouth to say something, to tell him she wanted to stay by his side. But the words were suppressed by her reason. Her intuition told her that he must be dissatisfied with something she did. 
Was it because she entered his office without permission? After all, his office was where all his secrets were contained. It would be easy for her, as part of Benett Group, to dig up dirt on Wickam Group and use that information to her advantage. 
Sucking in a breath, she started slowly, “Since you’re busy now, how about we have lunch together at noon?” 
“I’ve got a business lunch to attend.” Gareth responded matter-of-factly, not bothering to lift his head up from the desk to look at her. 
Linda pursed her lips. “Well then, I’ll leave you be for now. Don’t push yourself too hard, remember to take rests every now and then.” 
Gareth didn’t respond, his expression cold and stiff, obviously running thin on patience.
Linda fidgeted with the lunch box in hand, hesitating before placing it on his desk in case he wanted to have a bite later. And hopefully, he would remember the taste of her goodness. 
Just like that, she walked out of the office and shut the door behind her. No sooner after that did she hear a loud and cold stern voice.
###chapter117
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 117
Chapter 117 She Is Not Iris 
“Get your @ss in here!” 
Linda’s heart sank for a moment. Who… Is he talking to on the phone? His furious tone gave her goose bumps. 
She hesitated briefly before deciding to walk to the corner and check on him. 
She had hardly hidden herself when Thomas showed up at Gareth’s office and knocked on the door. 
“Come in.” 
Linda caught sight of Thomas’ unsettled look as he entered the room. 
She mustered her courage and crept toward the office, thinking to herself that she must find the answers to her questions. 
She was clever enough not to get too close to the office. 
“Mr. Wickam, I’m sorry.” Thomas knew he was in the wrong before Gareth could even open his mouth. 
Gareth stared at him coldly, “One more time, Thomas, and you will be kicked out!” 
Thomas shot his back straight, “Yes, I’ll never let anyone into your office again.” 
Linda gasped at that. 
True enough! 
It was because of her!
Linda became blue in the face! 
She could hardly breathe as she clutched the purse in her hands so hard that her fingertips turned pale. 
Why, why is Garry treating me like this?! 
It was not that long ago when he would treat her like a queen, making sure that she always felt loved. But… Why does he hate me now? 
She was still looking for the answers to her questions when Gareth spoke again. “Any news of Elisa?” 
Linda gritted her teeth fiercely! 
Doesn’t he hate Elisa Benett? But why…?! 
Linda raised her hand and punched the wall angrily! 
Thomas was about to respond when he realized something was not right. 
But Linda quickly came to her senses and fled the area before anyone could catch her. 
In the office. 
Thomas continued courteously, “Based on what I can find, she and Iris don’t seem to be the same person.” 
Gareth lifted his eyes with a frown, “Not the same?” 
Thomas shook his head confusedly, “I… I’m not sure, but the documents say that Iris isn’t that young. Other sources told me that Iris and Ms. Benett are great friends, so she must’ve known that Mr. Shane was going to testify in court and prepared accordingly to give Ms. Benett an edge.”
Gareth furrowed his brows and stayed silent. 
Thomas cleared his throat, “Mr. Wickam, I will verify the sources before deciding whether this is true.” 
Gareth kept the same apathetic expression as he lifted the pen to sign the papers. “Forget about it.” He said quietly. 
This caught Thomas by surprise, but he chose not to say a word and hummed in acknowledgement before leaving the office. 
Gareth stayed in his seat. He held the pen in the air for quite some time but could not bring himself to sign the papers. All he could think about was how Elisa looked in court. 
She was elegant like a queen, and there was an indescribable air to her – it somehow felt like she ruled the world. 
Everything she had said was on point, and it put Vincent, who was known to be eloquent, at a loss for words. 
The Elisa that was present in court must be the same person as Iris. 
He had been tipped off earlier, so he sent his men to investigate it. Now that he had found out about the false identity, he was even more confident that Elisa and Iris were indeed one and the same person. 
… 
An hour later. 
Linda reached home.
Rose was surprised to see Linda home. “Hey silly, it’s not even lunch time, what are you doing here?” 
Linda looked as if she was going to break down anytime now. Rose was going to tell her something else, but upon noticing her expression, she asked, “What happened? Was he not at work?”
###chapter118
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 118
Chapter 118 The Important Thing 
The scowl on Linda’s face now looked worse than before, but she managed to keep her composure. “Mom, things may not have been as I thought it were.” 
“What happened?” Rose knitted her brows, and her eyes flashed with concern. 
Linda helplessly dragged Rose into her room and recollected everything that had happened to her. 
Rose listened with a frown, “That can’t be, even if there are top secrets in the company, he shouldn’t be upset with you, since you’re seeing each other now.” 
Linda drew a light breath, “I thought it was because I violated his private space, but Mom, it feels like he hates me now.” 
“Don’t say that!” Rose was shocked to hear that! 
After all, Rose was not there when they were dating. It was no surprise that she knew little about their relationship. 
Linda pouted her lips, “There are too many coincidences this time. I’m not sure if Elisa is doing this intentionally. Every time I go out with Gareth, she would somehow be there with Will. Mom, this is not a good sign.” 
“You mean…” Gloom soon took over Rose’s face. 
“If she’s the same submissive housewife that she was in the past, the one who, even at the verge of divorce, couldn’t help but beg for Gareth to turn back. Perhaps Gareth doesn’t think much of it, but she has changed too much.”
Rose kept the frown on her face. It was clear that she had noticed the same thing. 
Linda continued as if she was trying to analyze the whole incident like a detective. 
“Elisa has kept her poise since the beginning, the way she looks at him now is different, she doesn’t look at him lovingly anymore. That hurts Gareth’s ego, after all, he is used to how she looked at him.” 
“And when Garry noticed that she doesn’t care about him anymore, combined with the fact that he was upset when he saw her next to his biggest rival, Will Darcy, he completely lost it. Men are possessive creatures, and even when he doesn’t want her anymore, he cannot handle it when someone else takes her.” 
Rose acknowledged her, “You’re right, coincidentally, Elisa became the spotlight of the banquet. She embarrassed him by announcing the divorce and went up against him in court, winning the case for Will. That triggered a response in Gareth.” 
“That’s right!” Linda gritted her teeth. She never used to pay much attention to Elisa, only taking her as a pawn. However, … She might need to start taking her seriously now. 
She continued with furrowed brows, “So, does Elisa really want to split up with him, or… Is she just trying to catch his eyes?” 
“My girl, anyone could see how much Elisa loves Gareth. Do you think she’d let him go?” 
“But whatever she is doing right now, even if she’s managed to grab his attention, he would hate her to his deathbed!” Linda uttered disgruntledly. 
Rose shook her head, “Well, who do you think Gareth has his eyes on right now?” 
Linda’s heart skipped a beat. She clenched her fists and yelped nervously, “What do I do now?”
“Sigh…” Rose heaved a sigh, “Perhaps I should tell you what I wanted to talk about, it may be helpful.”
###chapter119
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 119
Chapter 119 The Side Pieces 
“What’s the matter?” Linda looked at her suspiciously. 
“Word that Elisa isn’t Iris has already begun to spread, by yours truly. Which also means more people will start looking into her, and along with it, uncover a whole series of other things. I’m willing to bet that Gareth will be in on it too.” 
There was a spark in Linda’s eyes for a moment, but it quickly vanished into a frown. “Are you sure this is safe?” 
Rose nodded. “Trust me. No one will find out about this. Even on the off chance someone does, they won’t be able to pin it on us.” Seeing the frown on Elisa’s face, she reached out to smoothen her brows. “Think about it. If Gareth knew Elisa was just pretending to be Iris, he would think Elisa was deliberately trying to grab his attention. And that wouldn’t look good for Elisa.” 
“I hope so.” Linda sighed. 
“Don’t think too much of it.” Rose gave Linda a light pat on the shoulder. “Gareth could’ve just been in a bad mood since the meeting and inadvertently took that out on you.” 
Another long, helpless sigh left Linda’s lips. “Now I can only count on Julia’s birthday to flop.” 
“Yes. Are you ready for it?” 
Linda nodded firmly. “I’ll make sure that Elisa Benett gets the disgrace she deserves.” 
“Good.” Rose flashed her a grin. “It won’t be long before that day comes. In the meantime, try not to worry to much about it. If he ignores you in these few days, just let him be. We’ll wait for the arrival of
Old Madam Wickam’s birthday banquet and see if he has a change of heart then. From there, everything will run smoothly.” 
“Roger that!” Linda exclaimed with an affirmative nod. 
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa, Rachel, and Sheena watched the new Helm family scandal that had spread like wildfire online together. 
Sheena bounced excitedly in her seat. “Liz, Rach, I’m so grateful for you two. If it weren’t for y’all, I wouldn’t have been able to call off this wretched marriage!” 
“No need to thank me.” Rachel laughed. “I was merely doing Hayden a favor. The last time we had a meal together, I could tell from the way he looked at me that he had needs. What a lecher!” 
Elisa’s lip curled slightly as she looked through the photos on Twitter, all which Hayden’s face was clearly captured while Renee’s was shrouded in some way. Still, Renee’ melon-shaped visage wasn’t hard to make out through the blur— a stark contrast from Sheena’s rounded one. Besides, to prove her innocence, Sheena had deliberately posted pictures of her night out with friends at the time of the incident. That should be ample proof that the lady in the scandal photos were not her. 
“Renee… she’s a clever one.” Sheena gasped suddenly, as if remembering something. “Both of you share the same last name… are all Benetts naturally shrewd like that?” 
Elisa almost scoffed out loud. “Shrewd?” 
If by ‘shrewd’, she meant ‘gullible’, then yeah totally. Both her and Renee were somehow ‘shrewd’ enough to fall for some guy who happened to also have other women in their lives. Renee with
Hayden, and her with Gareth. In some sense, Sheena was right to call them like-minded… After all, both were nothing but a side piece. 
“That’s right, shrewdness is probably in the Benett genes.” Rachel giggled. “Alright! Now that Sheen’s problem is taken care of, why don’t we celebrate? Let’s call Carle over!”
###chapter120
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 120
Chapter 120 Her Wingwoman 
Elisa’s eyes narrowed slightly at the mention of his name. But Sheena pressed on with a knowing smile. “Okay, let’s have him over, Liz! My treat tonight. Then maybe I’ll end up on tabloid covers with the title ‘Lovesick Woman Drowning Her Sorrows’.” 
“This is good, this is good!” Rachel laughed in agreement. “Let the Helm family deal with the mess. They deserve it.” 
Sheena had already jumped out her seat in excitement. “I’ll go call my parents and cry for a while. Wait for me!” 
“Let the drama begin!” 
“Watch me go online!” With that, Sheena dialled a phone number and started whining as soon as the call went through. 
“Alright, alright. You can stop crying now. I can’t possibly let you marry him again with the current attention he’s in now. But never test my patience again!” Mr. Gilio shouted over the line before abruptly hanging up. 
Instead of feeling mad, Sheena rejoiced at her father’s response. She knew how hard her father had worked hard to deal with the bad press about her. 
As to what kind of person Hayden Helm truly is, perhaps only his inner circle knew. But until he was exposed, he would always be known as a good and kind man to the public. 
Not that Mr. Gilio minded at all. In fact, all he wanted was for both their families to get along. But a good business relationship was not worth his daughter being used by Hayden and the Helm family for their own glory.
Shortly after, the girls went out for a drink with Carle as planned. 
Determined to pair Elisa and Carle up together, Rachel pulled Sheena into the same row as her, leaving the other two sitting next to each other awkwardly. Picking up her phone, Rachel exclaimed joyfully, “Come on, let’s take a picture! Sheen, pretend you’re depressed and wasted. Liz and Carle, you two clink glasses with her and pretend like you’re comforting her.” 
Sheena’s eyes lit up. “Yes, this is a must! Let’s do it. Hurry up!” She set up the phone camera and quickly faked bursting into tears while the other three looked at her distressed. Together, they made a toast and the camera snapped. 
Click! Click! Click! 
“It’s done! Three burst shots!” Rachel retrieved her phone from the stand, smiling with satisfaction as she glanced at the pictures. “Not bad! I’ll make an alt account and post these later!” 
Sheena let out something of a cackle. “I can’t wait to see the Helm family’s reaction before the wedding.” 
But Carle only looked at Sheena with concern. “You…” 
“What? Am I in the wrong?” Sheena pursed her lips, clearly unimpressed. 
“Isn’t this a little too far?” He fidgeted with his fingers. “The Helm family might retaliate if they find out.” 
A frown plastered her face. “It’ll be from the anonymous account, not me!” 
“Leave it to me,” Elisa interjected, “I know a way to prevent them from tracing our ID.” 
“Great! Then I’ll send the pictures to you now.” Rachel said and immediately got to action.
Carle frowned as he watched Elisa reach for her phone. He subconsciously grabbed her wrist. “Liz.” There was a hint of worry in his eyes, but Elisa just raised her brow questioningly with a smile. 
Without a second thought, Rachel took a photo of them and uploaded it to Twitter with the caption “They’re such a good match. Why aren’t they together yet?” Her thumb found the ‘post’ button and she smiled at her work, before bringing her gaze up to Elisa and Carle. As her friend, it was her duty to push Elisa a little. Ever since her divorce, Elisa had been down in the dumps. Rachel just couldn’t stand seeing her friend mope around in her thoughts anymore.
###chapter121
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 121
Chapter 121 Are You Going to Take That Away from Her? 
Carle said disapprovingly, “Let me handle it since it has to be tweeted anyway.” 
Elisa retracted her hand and said with a smile, “I never do things about which I’m not confident.” 
Sheena lowered her head with lips pressed together. Although Carle did express his worry for her just now, but it was nothing but a platonic concern. 
Yet, he decided to shoulder the risk when he learned that Elisa was going to post it on Twitter. He did that because he didn’t want Elisa to be targeted by the Helm family. 
Sheena felt disappointed, but she didn’t doubt his initial reaction. After all, Carle had feelings for Elisa… 
A brief stalemate transpired between Elisa and Carle. He ed again, “Yet marrying him is the least sure thing you attempt.” 
Elisa batted her impossibly long eyelashes and forced a chuckle, as if trying to mask her uneasiness, “I can handle it this time. Don’t worry. It won’t happen again.” 
Sheena scowled, “Forget about posting it on Twitter, Elisa. It doesn’t really matter since we have the upper hand now.” 
Elisa beamed a smile, “Don’t worry.” 
As she said that, she had already logged in to Twitter. Carle knitted his brows together. Sheena was around and she refrained from commenting too much. Carle was powerless as Elisa posted the photo along with caption. 
“Done!”
Elisa put down her phone. The atmosphere was rather awkward. 
Rachel intervened with an attempt to ease the awkwardness in the air, “Hey, come on. Forget about it. We did it no matter what! Let’s toast to us!” 
Elisa smiled and picked up the goblet. Sheena quickly followed suit and held up her goblet although she felt a tinge of awkwardness. 
Carle let out a deep sigh as he took his goblet. At this time, Rachel’s phone rang when they were celebrating their first toast. 
Rachel’s eyes crinkled and gritted her teeth as she saw the caller ID. 
Sheena pried curiously, “What’s wrong?” 
“Nothing. It’s just a pest!!” Rachel got grumpy. After thinking twice, she decided to answer the call although she was reluctant. After all, he had brought her to court with him last time. 
“Spit it out!” Rachel urged impatiently. 
“D*mn you! How dare you speak rudely to me!” Vincent got riled up by Rachel’s audacity. 
Rachel sneered, “Do you think I have no idea what is up your sleeve? What is it that you want this time? I won’t give it to you no matter what!” 
Vincent was at a loss for words. 
This f*cking woman! 
He minced his words lest he says something that would give away his motive. He said pretentiously, “I have told you I have stopped competing with you. We are grown-ups and are related to her. In fact, you should call me brother.”
“Piss off! I do not have a brother like you.” Rachel didn’t bother to hide her contempt towards Vincent. 
The other three people were speechless sitting at the table. 
Vincent coaxed, “Hey! Are you free tonight? Let’s go, I’ll take you to the club for a spin!” 
“Yo! What’s up, Mr. Shane? Do you think I’m so na?ve and gullible? I’m currently busy hanging out with my homies. So, f*ck off!” 
After speaking, Rachel hung up the phone and looked even grumpier than before the phone call. 
She tossed the phone on the table and chided, “What a hoodoo!” 
Seeing that the three of them were staring at her, Rachel picked up her goblet and cheered, “Come on! Let’s drink!” 
Meanwhile, at the Royalis Court. 
Vincent put down the phone forlornly. With a fed-up look, he said, “This woman is really too much!” 
Jeremy teased with a smirk, “Are you able to handle her?” 
“Sure! But I’ve never seen such a stubborn woman like her!” 
Gareth glanced at him, “Auntie didn’t leave you anything because it was her conviction for Rachel. Are you sure you want to take that away from her?”
###chapter122
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 122
Chapter 122 Egregious Clean Freak is Hypocritical! 
“That belongs to my mother, of course I want it back! Why would I give it away to an outsider?” 
Jeremy furrowed, “But it was Rachel who took care of her at her deathbed.” 
“I don’t care! I’m the one who deserves my mother’s things.” Vincent said conceitedly. 
Jeremy sneaked a smirk, “There is a way to get it back.” 
Vincent’s eyes lit up immediately, “Really?! Why didn’t you tell me sooner?!” 
Jeremy was still smiling, “If both of you get married, it’ll be a shared property. Perhaps a union between the two of you is what your mother would like to see as well.” 
“F*ck! Marry that tomboy? You gotta be kidding me! Are you hoping to ruin my life by marrying her?” Goosebumps sprang up on Vincent’s skin. 
Jeremy ignored his overreaction. He picked up his phone and scrolled through the entertainment news. 
Until… 
He stumbled upon an interesting piece of news. He looked up and glanced at Gareth, “Your ex-wife. Tsk Tsk.” 
And then he said nothing else. 
Jeremy’s ambiguous remark stoked the nosy Vincent. The latter immediately turned and looked at his phone, “What happened to his ex-wife? Any sensational news?!”
In order to see clearly, Vincent leaned over to Jeremy and almost fell on him. Jeremy frantically dodged Vincent with discernible contempt in his eyes, “Don’t you know I’m a clean freak?” 
Vincent rolled his eyes, “Egregious clean freak is hypocritical!” 
Gareth glanced coldly at Vincent. The latter then noticed Gareth’s glance and sneered, “Oh, I forgot. There are two hypocrites in this room!” 
At this moment, Vincent had already cast his gaze on Jeremy’s phone, and even… Gareth was looking at his phone too. 
Because Jeremy was sitting between Vincent and Gareth. 
Jeremy clicked and zoomed into the photo where four people were seen drinking together. 
The four of them seemed clueless that they were being followed and photographed. All three of them were looking at Sheena. 
Even so… Gareth was furious when he saw the photo! He screwed his infuriated eyes on Elisa and Carle! 
It was a normal celebratory occasion where people made a toast to each other. But now, it seemed otherwise with a suggestive meaning. 
They were photographed from their right side, making a toast to each other. Carle and Elisa sat side by side on a joined sofa. Carle was holding a goblet in his right hand while his left hand rested on the sofa next to him. 
Elisa was sitting next to Carle, and Sheena was facing Carle. But of course, Elisa had to lean over Carle’s side when giving Sheena a toast. And Carle’s left hand rested on the sofa directly behind Elisa…
It… 
It certainly looked suggestive from the angle perspective! 
It looked like Carle was hugging Elisa with one hand while toasting to Sheena together!!! 
“Yo! Both of you have just divorced, and Elisa has already found herself a new guy? This woman is really something!” Vincent mocked Elisa. He was beyond belief. 
Seeing Gareth’s cold face, he quickly rephrased, “Man, a woman like her isn’t worth your time and effort. Thank God she didn’t cheat on you before the divorce happened. But she seems like she has moved on with her life after divorcing you. What a gold digger Elisa Benett is.” 
It was as if the last phrase was Vincent’s unfeigned honest feelings about Elisa. 
Gareth’s face turned starkly gloomy. 
Jeremy gave Gareth a dubious glance, “There is an even more scandalous photo.” 
Gareth’s brows knotted in annoyance. But Vincent had already snatched and snooped on Jeremy’s phone when Gareth was looking away from them, ignoring their bigoted insight on Elisa, “Take it out and show us then! Why are you hoarding it?!”
###chapter123
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 123
Chapter 123 He Would Regret It Sooner or Later 
And he saw the Tweet by Sheena along with its caption. 
In the photo, Carle was holding Elisa while looking at her with his loving and concerned eyes. The latter was smiling back at him. They looked like a sweet couple. 
Vincent was on the edge of his seat, “Is there more between them than meets the eye?” 
Jeremy turned to Gareth and noticed the wrath in his eyes, yet he asked indifferently, “Aren’t you feeling upset?” 
Gareth looked away while letting out a cold snort, “Why should I be upset?” 
Vincent took the matter further by chuckling and mocking Gareth, “You’re not upset? I can see the veins are popping out on your face down to the neck. You guys have divorced, and she is only living her life. Do you have to be so upset? Look at how noble and forgiving I am towards my exes? They can go about their lives and do whatever they wish. I don’t mind if they are dating an old man, getting an abortion or whatever.” 
Skin was bunching around Jeremy’s eyes, “Who can compete with your superabundant love life?” 
“D*mn you!” Vincent spat a low chide, “I’m just stating a matter of fact. Both of you have divorced, she has nothing to do with you. What is there for you to be upset?” 
Jeremy turned and looked at Gareth. The latter wore a gloomy face and didn’t say a word, “He’s upset because he hasn’t moved on.” 
Vincent opened and shut his mouth as if he was taken by surprise. He gaped at Gareth and said, “No way, bro. Do you still have feelings for her? Didn’t you guys hate each other?”
Gareth picked up the goblet and deliberately digressed from this good-for-nothing topic, “Stop revolving around Elisa Benett. Don’t you have anything to talk about?” 
Jeremy gave Gareth an arbitrary gaze and said indifferently, “If you still care for her then let go and move on from the past grudges. I’m worried you will feel sorry for yourself in the future.” 
Gareth sneered coldly, “Regret? Elisa Benett is worthless than a dime.” 
Jeremy gave up and said nothing. 
Vincent laughed, “This is the Gareth I know. Dam* it! I almost thought you are distraught by your ex- wife.” 
Vincent despised man who got hurt in love by a woman, but little did he know one day he would hate himself for the very same reason. 
Gareth stopped talking and continued drinking. 
But the wrath in his heart was brewing. 
Well done, Elisa Benett! 
In the immediate moment, he was too perturbed, and decided to leave the place! 
“Hey…where are you going?” 
“Home.” 
After speaking, Gareth left without looking back. 
“D*mn!” Vincent was rather dumbstruck.
Jeremy sighed and said, “He will regret it sooner or later.” 
“How is that possible!? Gareth hated Elisa the most. If it wasn’t for Elisa and her dad’s plot, Gareth wouldn’t have been trapped for so long. They shouldn’t have been together in the first place. It’s good that they are separated now. It wouldn’t be fair to Elisa either.” 
Jeremy stopped talking because he knew he couldn’t change Gareth’s mind. 
… 
They were talking about Elisa because of the photo. Meanwhile, the same sensational photo went viral on the Internet! 
Not long after that, the photo of Elisa and Carle holding hands became the recent most talked topic. 
Once again, the people who subscribed to Elisa’s recent scandal got driven up the wall! 
She had all the attention on the news when she was still Mrs. Wickam. After all, people respected her because she was Gareth Wickam’s wife! 
But it was the fact that she had divorced Gareth but still constantly made headlines on the Internet and news tabloids, and was the subject of envy by many people. In spite of the divorce with an influential businessman, the men that she later got to know were all bigshots. They couldn’t do anything except to feel envious of her. 
A lot of celebrities and agents had started discussing about her. 
“Quickly find out the places Elisa Benett frequents!”
###chapter124
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 124
Chapter 124 Unsettled 
“Find a way to build a rapport with Elisa Benett!” 
“Make sure you show up wherever Elisa Benett goes!” 
… 
At this moment, Linda was still at home. She had waited for Gareth the whole day but he didn’t ask her out for lunch. 
It made her even more resentful when she came across the recent trending topics and all of those were photos of Elisa and Carle! 
She would be very glad to see Elisa hopping in and out of relationships with different men if this happened in the past. But not until she realized Gareth’s mood would get affected by learning Elisa’s exciting love life. Linda finally realized that Elisa had outsmarted her once again. 
Elisa did it probably to win Gareth’s heart! 
Linda gritted her teeth and didn’t know what else to do. 
If she coaxed him, gave him a call, or pretended to be the big person to explain on behalf of Elisa would only backfire on her. 
At this time, Linda realized she was a pawn to Elisa. It was all because of her pretence that was why Gareth was becoming even ill-tempered and unkind to her! 
Linda wanted to slap herself. She was angry at herself for being so foolish!
She had been in coma for so long, she had to yield and comply to Gareth after she ‘woke up’ from the coma in order to instigate and sabotage his relationship with Elisa. Yet in the end, all her effort was in vain! 
How could she let that happen? 
… 
The next day. 
Elisa got up and freshened up herself as soon as the alarm clock rang. 
She thought of going to work after settling Sheena’s matter. 
And she hurried to the law firm after making herself a simple breakfast. 
She was late to the firm. She ran into a car accident on her way to work and was tardy for more than half an hour. 
All six lawyers had arrived at the firm and were all doing their work. Their faces changed when they saw Elisa. 
Elisa hadn’t been back in the firm since the end of the lawsuit, and this was the first time they saw her after learning of her true identity. 
Jennifer was the most uneasy one. She used to accuse and reproach Elisa of using her beauty to leech on the men. 
But now, it had proven that Elisa was nothing like what she alleged her of. She was capable on her own…
Moreover, although this firm was managed by Charli, but Iris was also a shareholder as well! In other words, they were all working for Elisa, and she was the boss! But Elisa didn’t sack her for speaking ill about her in front of other people. Jennifer should consider herself lucky for that. 
The past few days, Jennifer had been feeling uneasy. 
Albert’s eyes lit up when he saw Elisa, “Good morning, Ms. Benett!” 
Elisa, as always, smiled and nodded at him. She greeted back at him, “Morning.” 
She was gentle and meek. She was humble too. The other lawyers gradually found her to be likeable. Except for Jennifer, she dipped her head so low as if she was humpbacked. 
Olivia, who was sitting next to her, nudged her, “Jenn, go in and apologize to her. After all, it was you who was at fault. You can’t burn bridges with her if you want to continue working here.” 
Jennifer looked dreaded and frantic, “I…” 
She wanted to defend herself, but none of what she said was regarded seriously. She had no words to prove herself right. She had nothing to say. 
Albert gave her a glance and said, “There’s no grudges that can’t be resolved. It’s fine if you don’t want to apologize to her. I don’t think she would mind as long as you don’t act and speak recklessly like you used to.” 
Jennifer’s eyes sparkled in hope, “Really?!” 
Olivia knitted her brows together, “But… Jenn… we’ve known each other for some time now and you know that I’ll always support you, but…if you’ve done something wrong, you gotta own up to your
mistake. It’s a matter of your character and moral. You can’t deny your fault just because you’re afraid or unwilling to face it.”
###chapter125
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 125
Chapter 125 Busy Forgetting Your Grandma! 
Jennifer’s eyes flickered. She looked at Albert thinking he would side her, but he didn’t. She blurted out a compliant out of resentment, “Fine! It’s just an apology. I’ll go then!” 
After speaking, she went to Elisa’s office. 
She was unsure but she knocked on Elisa’s door anyway. 
Elisa looked up and responded, “Come in.” 
Deep down in Jennifer’s heart, she was flustered, but she tried her best to pull herself together before she entered Elisa’s office. 
Charli was not around, only Elisa was in the office. She was sitting in front of the computer, no idea what she was doing. She looked like her normal self when she realized it was Jennifer, “What’s up?” 
She sounded neutral and calm. Elisa didn’t snub Jennifer for her misconduct against her prior to this. 
But Elisa had always been this calm and neutral. She wasn’t pretentious. 
Jennifer breathed a sigh of relief in her heart. Then, she faltered and said, “I… I’m here to apologize.” 
Elisa raised her brow. And before she could speak, Jennifer was already apologizing to her, “I was wrong for belittling you before. I hope you…you would forgive me.” 
Elisa studied her with unwavering attention, and then she responded, “I didn’t take your words to heart. I won’t pursue responsibility as long as you work hard in this firm.” 
Jennifer was surprised to hear Elisa’s response, “Really?”
“Of course.” Elisa looked indifferent, “Is there anything else?” 
Jennifer was stunned. She thought Elisa would give her an earful, but she was wrong. 
The serenity and peace in the air prompted her back to reality. She shook her head awkwardly, “No… no more.” 
Elisa nodded and carried on with her work without saying a word. 
Jennifer looked at Elisa for a while. She left the office upon confirming that Elisa really didn’t mean to pursue her fault. 
When she got to the door, she was relieved that Elisa had forgiven her. 
The other lawyers saw the smile on her lips and knew that Elisa didn’t shame her in the office. Olivia smiled, “Look! Aren’t you feeling better now?” 
Jennifer nodded agreeably, “Now that you mention, I do feel much better indeed!” 
… 
The following two days were easy and calm. 
Sheena’s father dissolved the marriage agreement with the Helm family and retweeted the announcement. The matter had finally come to an optimistic end. 
And Renee had disappeared after sorting out the matter. Although Elisa was confused, she respected Renee’s will and didn’t look for her. 
Time was ticking. Julia’s birthday was around the corner. 
Elisa had already prepared a gift for her. She gave Julia a call on the eve of her birthday.
Julia happily answered the call, “I thought you’ve forgotten grandma, my naughty girl!” 
Elisa defended herself, “How could I ever forget grandma? It’s just that I’ve been busy lately…” 
“Hmph, you’ve been busy forgetting your grandma!” 
“Of course not, Grandma. I’ll find you right away. Are you home?” 
“Yes, yes. Grandma is always home! I’m always waiting for you! When will you arrive?” 
Elisa smiled, “I’ll be there in one and a half hours.” 
“Okay, then grandma is anticipating you. Have lunch here today!” 
Elisa was hesitant for a moment, but she quickly said with a smile, “Sure.” 
After hanging up the phone, Elisa went to the Wickam Manor with the gift. 
Although… 
She was unwilling to step foot into the Wickam Manor she had to go because there was someone who was like family to her. Someone whom she endeared and loved. 
Just like what Elisa told Julia, she got to Wickam Manor in one and a half hours time.
###chapter126
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 126
Chapter 126 I’ll Never Forgive Them 
Elisa rang the doorbell. 
The butler opened the door. He smiled when he saw that she was still the same as when they had met before. 
“Welcome, Ms. Benett.” He felt awkward not addressing her as Ms. Elisa. 
Elisa, on the other hand, was content with it. She smiled and nodded. “Hello, Mr. Jones.” 
He moved to the side as Elisa entered, holding a present. 
Julia was waiting on the sofa. When she heard their voices, she called out, “Elisa, come here quickly. We agreed to meet for one and a half hours, and you came exactly on the dot. You could have come earlier!” 
Elisa changed into indoor slippers. “There was a traffic jam on the way here.” She smiled as she stepped closer to Julia. 
“Come and sit, quickly!” 
Julia let Elisa sit next to her on the sofa. 
Julia observed Elisa attentively. When she was satisfied that Elisa was the same as before, she sighed in relief. She was worried that Elisa would be dispirited and have her daily life disrupted. 
“Grandma, I’m sorry that I haven’t seen you in a while. Even tomorrow’s…” 
“What about tomorrow? You’ve always come to my birthday celebration for the last few years. Why? You can’t come tomorrow? Are you disowning me as your grandma?”
Elisa shook her head. “How could I? Grandma, don’t take it the wrong way. It’s only because of what happened recently. It would be awkward if I came. I…” 
“What do you mean, awkward? It’s not a problem! You are my granddaughter. I won’t let them go if they say a word against you!” Julia interrupted Elisa, just as she always did. 
Julia was displeased by Elisa’s words. How could those people treat her granddaughter like so! 
Elisa blinked a few times. “Grandma…” 
She didn’t know what to say. She had made up her mind before she came and even brought Julia’s present along. 
Julia read Elisa’s thoughts as her eyes strayed to the present. 
As Elisa handed the present to Julia, Julia said, “I don’t care. If you’re not giving me my present during the celebration, I will not take it! You might as well just disown me!” 
“Grandma, how could I disown you?” Elisa said, taken aback. 
Julia continued. “Elisa, you are my one and only granddaughter. I just want you to accompany me during the party. Are you really not coming? Then I’ll just cancel it.” 
Julia adored Elisa. She was used to having Elisa’s accompaniment every year. Now that Elisa said she wouldn’t be coming, Julia felt dejected. 
Elisa drew a breath. She couldn’t refuse her any longer. 
She hesitated and nodded. “I’ll come tomorrow.”
Julia beamed, and the disappointment in her face vanished. She pulled Elisa’s hand excitedly. “I’ve always known that you’re the most caring of them all! Don’t worry. If anyone of them dares to say a word against you, I’ll never forgive them!” 
Elisa was moved. She knew Grandma would react in this way. 
But… 
If she showed up at the party, it would be uncomfortable for everyone. She was worried that Grandma wouldn’t have a pleasant time. 
As she was contemplating, the door opened.
###chapter127
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 127
Chapter 127 How Thick-Skinned of You 
Elisa and Julia raised their heads. 
Monica’s face turned black when she saw Elisa. 
“How thick-skinned of you to come to our house!” Monica snapped. 
Elisa sat silently. 
Monica was an elder. Grandma would be in a tight spot if Elisa talked back to Monica. 
Even if Elisa didn’t care about others, she cared for grandma. She mustn’t argue with Monica when Julia is present. Although Julia would side with her, she shouldn’t strain Julia and Monica’s relationship any further. 
Julia glared. “Monica!” 
Monica was exasperated. “Mom, you know what she’s done. She caused trouble for our family and even worked with our enemies. How could you still treat her as a beloved granddaughter? Is she worth the title?” 
Elisa stared at Monica with scorn. 
If they hadn’t pushed her over the edge, she wouldn’t have done all those things. She was even merciful towards them just for Grandma and Grandpa’s sake. 
After the divorce was finalized, she could have exposed the way they had treated her on the Web. With just a few words, she had no doubt that Wickam Group would have lost the contract!
Even in the court case, she had countless other points to be used. The ten billion compensation was only the tip of the iceberg. She could have multiplied that amount, but she held back. And they thought that was the extent of her abilities? 
Julia scoffed. “Worth? Are you worthy of your title, then? Have you ever been respectful towards me in all the years you have been my daughter-in-law? Elisa has been devoted to this family and to me for the past few years. Have you even done half of what she’s done?” 
“Mom, you…!” Monica paused, unable to come up with words before she regained her composure. “All that she has done is a performance of her so-called devotion! The things that I’ve done may not be eye-catching, but they are from my heart!” 
“Oh, really?” Julia smiled. “Can you show me one thing that you have done that I don’t know about?” 
Monica’s face flushed red, unable to come up with words. 
Ever since she had married into the family, all she had cared for was herself. She hadn’t cared for Julia at all. Julia was soft-hearted and had never pestered Monica. After some time, Monica held her in contempt. 
Elisa pulled Julia’s hand and smiled. “Grandma, you don’t need to defend me. I’m not ashamed of the things that I’ve done. I’ll listen to you and grandpa. I never take to heart the words of others.” 
Hearing that Elisa had never taken her words to heart, Monica was infuriated. 
“Elisa! Do you think that you’re better than us? You’ve been going against Wickam Group time and time again. The people’s reaction on the Web is against you. Do you believe you’re still in the clear?!” 
Elisa laughed softly. “If Mrs. Wickam thinks that I’m in the wrong, so be it.”
Elisa didn’t detest Monica. She genuinely believed that whatever others thought about her was of no concern to her. 
Julia looked at Elisa incredulously. She never knew that Elisa had such patience. She always thought that Elisa had endured everything for Gareth. But now, it seemed that she was never bothered by them in the first place. 
Julia clasped Elisa’s hand. “My precious granddaughter! You didn’t let me down!”
###chapter128
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 128
Chapter 128 A Compensation of Fifty Million 
Monica’s blood began to boil. 
“Mom, why are you still siding with an outsider at this time?” 
Elisa glanced at Monica. Monica’s temper and personality were not the best. But being born into a well- off family, she had elegance and poise. Elisa had never heard a word of profanity from her before. However, that didn’t mean that she was a virtuous person. 
Monica had always given Elisa the cold shoulder and looked down on her. When Elisa was a part of the family, she had to respect Monica, who was her mother-in-law. Now that there were no more relations between them, was there any point in giving the same respect and apologies just as she did before? 
If Monica threatened to hurt her in any way, Elisa would no longer hold herself back. 
Elisa averted her eyes from Monica and looked at Julia. “Grandma, I’ll attend tomorrow’s banquet since you hope that I’ll go. Since the circumstances are not the best, I’ll leave now. I’ll visit you again when Mrs. Wickam is not around.” 
Monica was furious. 
Elisa Benett! Am I a hindrance to you now?! 
She stared at Elisa coldly. “Elisa, you are no longer a part of this family. You know very well that we do not welcome you here.” 
Elisa nodded her head while smiling. “I understand, Mrs. Wickam. I won’t come when you are around. After all, many others live here too. I don’t want to upset grandma because of you.”
Monica was fuming. As she was about to admonish Elisa, Elisa spoke again. “I won’t disturb you anymore. I’ll leave so you won’t be annoyed anymore.” 
Elisa left immediately with the gift she had brought. Since grandma didn’t want it now, she would give it to grandma tomorrow. 
As the front door closed, Elisa could hear Monica complaining to Julia, but Julia ignored her and went up the stairs. 
Even as Monica quietened down, Elisa knew that she must be holding back her anger. 
Elisa was about to head to the law firm when she received a call from Rachel, requesting her to head to her law firm. Elisa complied and drove to the office. 
As she entered the office, she saw Rachel bashing her mouse sullenly. She sat in front of Rachel. “My dear friend, what made you so gloomy today?” 
Rachel lifted her head and brightened up. “Elisa, you’re here!” 
Elisa nodded and looked at the information on Rachel’s computer screen. “Did you accept this case?” 
“Yeah! This scumbag! He lied to me!” 
“What happened?” Elisa asked while scanning through the information. 
Rachel gritted her teeth. “When Ben Lee came to me for help, the statements he gave were not in line with the documents he gave to me at all. He said that when he signed the contract, the other party boasted and exaggerated the terms. But when I read through the contract, it was obvious that he hadn’t read through the terms properly. I told him I wouldn’t be taking his case as it would be impossible to
win. But he threatened me, saying that I must take on the case since I agreed to it. If we lose the case, he wants fifty million in compensation! Where would I find this sum of money to compensate him?!”
###chapter129
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 129
Chapter 129 You Are My Savior 
Elisa furrowed her eyebrows as she turned to Rachel. “Did you sign an agreement when you accepted the case?” 
“I…” Rachel gritted her teeth in frustration. 
“I only accepted it because I needed the money. He sounded so sincere when he was describing the other party. I thought that it would be impossible to lose. He even said that if we win the case, he will pay twice the amount of money, but if we lose, I will have to pay him fifty million instead. I didn’t think much when I signed the contract.” 
Exasperated, Rachel raised her mouse in the air, about to slam it into the table. 
Elisa stopped her and tapped her head lightly. “Do you believe in the words of a businessman? Besides, as a lawyer yourself, didn’t you realize the flaw in this?” 
“I…” Rachel stammered. “It was only…” 
“Why are you desperate for money? How much do you need?” 
Rachel sighed. “My dad demanded me to return home a couple of days ago. He wants me to get married. I refused to. He cut off my money and blocked my card. I can’t access the money in my account at all.” 
Elisa raised an eyebrow. “What if he didn’t mean it when he asked you to get married? He just wants you to return home.” 
“Does he not know how to redeem himself for what he has done? And now he still treats me so? He will never get mom and I’s forgiveness!”
Elisa sighed. All families have their own problems. She was not in a position to say anything. 
She pulled out a card from her bag. “There’s a million on this card. You can use it for now.” 
Rachel was about to protest when Elisa added, “I’m lending this to you. Remember to return what you use.” 
Rachel accepted it while grinning. “Alright! I’ll take it if it’s borrowed!” 
Elisa had no intention of asking Rachel to pay her back. 
Rachel’s spirits were dampened again. “Elisa, help me! You’re Iris. What should I do to win this case? I can’t take it if I have to compensate fifty million!” 
“I wasn’t going to ask you to just accept it.” Elisa scrolled the mouse and studied the contract at the end of the document. 
Rachel’s eyes lit up. “My God! Do you have an idea?! You actually have a plan on what to do?!” 
“Call up Mr. Lee for a meal. Tell him that you have me to help you.” Elisa scanned through the document and replied to her simultaneously. 
Rachel was surprised. “Hmm? What are you planning?” 
Having done skimming through the contract, Elisa placed the mouse down. “The other party did cheat him of a few hundred million, but he deceived you too. Do you want to get back at him?” 
“Holy moly, you can do that too?!” Rachel was in awe. 
When Elisa raised a brow, Rachel laughed out loud. “Elisa, you are my savior! My goddess! What will you do now?”
“You’ll know later.” Elisa wanted to give Rachel a surprise. 
Rachel was curious, but she knew that Elisa wouldn’t tell her. “That’s fine. I’ll call him now. That scum must have known that the other party would not compensate him. He must have employed a few lawyers to get compensation from the lawyers instead! How irritating! Elisa, I’m counting on you to get back at this weasel!”
###chapter130
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 130
Chapter 130 Victory Without a Doubt 
Elisa couldn’t help but smile. 
Rachel made the call. The person picked up immediately after a ring. 
“Ms. Markee, have you thought of a strategy?” 
Rachel gritted her teeth. Although he sounded polite, she knew that he wanted to ask if she had the fifty million prepared already. 
She swallowed her fury and said with a smile, “I don’t have a plan, but I do have a friend who is willing to help.” 
Ben paused before answering, “Oh? Do you have a friend who has a strategy? Who is it?” 
Rachel drew a breath, trying to calm herself. He must have thought she was sending another sacrifice to him! 
“My friend is Iris,” Rachel replied without a moment of hesitation. 
The sound of glass shattering, followed by a chair’s scraping sound, came from the other end. He must have dropped something and tried to jump out of the way. 
“Ms. Iris is willing to help my case!” Ben sounded excited. 
If Iris was willing to help, he wouldn’t have to employ that many lawyers to compensate for his loss. 
With Iris, victory was guaranteed! 
“Of course, Iris and I are very close. She’s right here with me now!” Rachel said proudly.
“Is that true?!” Ben was exhilarated. He changed his tone and spoke respectfully. “Ms. Markee, can you hand the phone to Ms. Iris? I would like to speak to her.” 
Rachel looked toward Elisa. Elisa reached out her hand. 
“Sure, I’m handing it over now.” 
“Right, yes.” 
Elisa placed the phone next to her year. “Hello, Mr. Lee.” 
“Hello, Ms. Iris! I have heard so much about you! It is such an honor for me to speak with you!” Ben said excitedly. 
In truth, it wasn’t that he was thrilled that Iris could help him with this case. He was thrilled that he had a chance to associate with her. They might be strangers now, but soon they could be friends. His businesses would go the way that he wanted it to go now that he personally knew Iris. He wouldn’t need to worry about hidden terms in contracts. He could even put in hidden terms himself to trap others! 
Some might say that as skillful as a lawyer could be, they would still have to abide by the law. At the end of the day, there was nothing remarkable about them. 
But they wouldn’t know that an unrivaled lawyer could shake the business world with a flick of the finger! 
If Iris were willing to help, raking in tens of billions would be a walk in the park. Making hundreds of billions would be even more possible!
A regular lawyer and client’s relationship would be mutualism. The lawyer would fight the case in court. In exchange, the client would make a profit. Both would earn benefits. 
But for a first-rate lawyer whose existence was unparalleled, the relationship would no longer be mutually beneficial. The client would be the one who would have to cling on for life. 
That was why Ben tried his best to flatter Elisa. 
Elisa laughed lightly. “Mr. Lee, if you have time tonight, we could meet up for a meal. I have some details on the case to go over with you. The other party has been deceitful in this case. Winning is possible.” 
Ben’s eyes lit up. 
If any other lawyer told him that he could win the case, he wouldn’t trust them. He would listen to them, but he would be uncertain about it the entire time. However, if it were Iris, they would have won without a doubt!
###chapter131
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 131
Chapter 131 We Have Nothing to Be Ashamed of 
“Yes, please! You can set the time and place, and I will pick you up. The dinner is on me!” 
Elisa laughed lightly. “You can pick the time and place, Mr. Lee. Just send the location to Rachel. I have things to attend to now.” 
“Ah, alright, I won’t bother you any longer.” 
His behavior towards Elisa was far better than the way he treated Rachel. 
When Elisa hung up the phone, Rachel burst out laughing. “The way that louse tried to flatter you was hilarious! That was a sight to see!” 
Elisa smiled. 
Rachel looked toward Elisa. “Old Madam Wickam’s birthday celebration is coming up soon, right? Would you expose Linda then?” 
Elisa’s eyes dimmed, and she looked hesitant. 
“Elisa? Is there something wrong?” Rachel questioned. 
Elisa sighed. “I could expose Linda, but I’m afraid that if I overdo it, Grandma might be hurt.” 
“Hmm?” Rachel was confused. “What is it?” 
Elisa sighed again. “Grandma has this worry. I was planning on using Linda to help Grandma escape her worries. But I’m scared that I’m just risking it. Grandma may be hurt even more. I might cause her more distress instead of relieving her.”
Rachel blinked. “So, you were going to use Linda and expose her, but your main motive is not to embarrass her. You wanted to help Old Madam Wickam?” 
Elisa nodded. She pondered, wondering if things would go according to plan. 
Rachel laughed. “Elisa, you are really kind. I think you should do it. If you don’t try, perhaps Old Madam Wickam may not escape this trouble of hers. She might even leave this world with regrets. Why don’t you try it then? She can even rest better at night if the problem is resolved.” 
Elisa blinked a few times before nodding. “I’ll try it out then. 
Rachel clasped Elisa’s hand. “I’ll support you in any way. But… You’re certain to be in the spotlight at the celebration tomorrow. Who knows what they might do to you? I’ll go with you!” 
Elisa smiled lightly. “Sure.” 
Rachel noticed Elisa’s troubled expression. She patted Elisa’s shoulder. “Should I send these documents to you? Or do you want me to print them out? What are you going to do with that louse? Have you thought it through?” 
Elisa nodded. “Do as you would. He may have been cheated by others, but he tried to cheat others as well. He shouldn’t lament if he lost everything.” 
Rachel was excited. “Serves him right for trying to swindle me! Thank goodness I have you!” 
“Can you print a copy of the documents for me? I need to go back to the office and finish up some work. Send me the location later.” 
Rachel smiled while nodding. “I’ll do it. You can go on ahead. Don’t think too much about Old Madam Wickam. Just do what you should do. We have nothing to be ashamed of.”
Elisa felt warmed. She smiled and left the office. 
After working the whole afternoon, Elisa completed her work. She drove her car, rushing to her destination after receiving the location from Rachel.
###chapter132
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 132
Chapter 132 Immoral 
She arrived in about half an hour. 
Elisa called Rachel and instructed, “I’ve arrived. Meet me at the entrance.” 
She then hung up the phone. 
As they approached the door, they noticed a chubby middle-aged man standing by the entryway. He appeared to be busy finding someone, yet he could have passed for a visitor. 
When the man spotted Rachel, his eyes lit up and immediately drew his attention to Elisa who was beside her. He hurried down the steps to greet them. “Ms. Iris! Welcome! I just spoke to Ben Lee about you!” 
While he did not recognize Rachel, he did recognize Elisa. 
How could anyone not recognize her? 
Elisa nodded with a smile. “Mr. Lee, let’s continue this inside.” She suggested. 
Rachel felt contempt toward Elisa. What a snob. 
Throughout the entire period, she had received zero attention. 
She felt completely ignored. Eventually, Ben Lee picked up her presence and invited, “Please Ms. Rachel, do come in too.” 
Rachel was delighted. This is it; I get to bask in the limelight. 
Being with Elisa is my ticket to success! From now on, I’m not leaving her side. Not for one bit!
They soon arrived at a restaurant and seated themselves at a booth. Ben Lee proceeded to distribute the menu to them. “Ms. Iris, Miss Rachel, order anything you would like. By the way, this is an authentic Chinese restaurant. I wasn’t sure what your preferences are in terms of cuisines, so I picked the most popular one in town. If you’re not satisfied, we can always change to another eatery.” 
—- 
As soon as Ben Lee and Elisa finished their conversations on the phone, they began thinking of dinner plans. 
Even though he wasn’t sure if the decision would be supported by everyone, Ben opted for Chinese. 
Since he wanted to know Iris from the beginning rather than for a situation like this, he had been careful out of fear of upsetting Elisa. 
Beside them, Rachel was trying hard to hold in her laughter. I’m glad this bastard is having a tough time. Just seeing him shaking in his boots, what joy! 
Elisa handed the menu to Ben and said, “Tonight’s agenda isn’t for dinner. We need to focus on research. Ben, you do the honors and order for the table.” 
Apparently, Elisa didn’t like to order food. 
Ben was a discerning individual, so he nodded hastily. He smiled and replied, “Will do. If any of you have any dietary requirements, do let me know. I’ll have it arranged respectively.” 
Elisa and Rachel nodded in approval. 
While he ordered the dishes, Ben was nervous due to the lack of feedback from the two ladies. Not long, the waiter served their orders.
As the door to their booth closed, the three individuals were left to their devices. 
Little did they know, word had spread among the waiters about their whereabouts. 
Ms. Iris —the former Mrs. Wickam, was with Ben Lee at this restaurant! 
The word that first spread from the restaurant soon migrated to Facebook, and then to Twitter… It was a wildfire! 
Everyone wanted to rub elbows with Ms. Iris, so they all set off one by one! 
As for the individuals in the booth, everything was relatively quiet. Ben awkwardly coughed to displace the silence, which caught Elisa’s attention. 
“Mr. Lee.” 
Ben quickly sat upright and looked toward Elisa. He smiled politely and inquired, “Ms. Iris, where were we?” 
Elisa placed her hand on the table and tapped the surface with her slender finger. “I have read the contract that was made between you and Rachel. However, I have also read the contract you made between you and Party A. Mr. Lee, this is completely immoral.” 
Ben Lee froze. Elisa’s confrontation was displaced by her casual tone. She had just accused him of cheating on her sister.
###chapter133
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 133
Chapter 133 Fault Finding 
But, then again, if he knew that Rachel Markee was her sister, how dare he cheat on her! 
Currently, Ms. Iris does not hold the Benett family name. However, her relationship with the family was not completely severed. Mr. Benett still vouched for him; therefore, he must play his cards to not offend him. 
Ben instinctually wiped his forehead from the cold sweat. “Ms. Iris, this is a complete misunderstanding. Truly. I will tear this contract and revoke any previous agreement with Ms. Rachel.” 
Elisa smirked and affirmed, “If I were to be a defendant, Mr. Benett will have to cough up five hundred million.” 
Ben gave an exasperated expression. “It’s my fault! Miss Rachel, I truly apologize for the things I’ve done. I was coerced!” 
Rachel looked at Elisa in admiration. 
Yes! 
Initially, Rachel deemed the situation unsalvageable. However, not only did Elisa manage to turn the tables in their favor, but Ben may also have to pay up to five hundred million as compensation. 
Elisa smiled and parted her lips slightly. “Well, since this is all a huge misunderstanding, I won’t cause an altercation with Mr. Benett. However, I’ll be your lawyer and take over Mr. Benett’s lawsuit.” 
Ben gleamed over this development and thanked her. “Thank you, Ms. Iris. Thank you!”
Elisa gave a smile. “I am willing to help, but you will only receive two million from this case. The rest is considered my commission. Do you have any ions?” 
Ben was shocked. The case had lost four hundred million, yet she was willing to provide two million. 
When Ben Lee was scouring for lawyers to back his case, no one dared to claim that the money would be returned. 
Moreover, claiming an additional two million from the initial amount. It was just impossible! 
Although he was upset with his losses, he felt fortunate to meet Ms. Iris through this incident. This was worthwhile! 
Seeing she was rarely someone who takes up a random case, it was sheer luck that she agreed to one from him! 
Ben blurted, “Ms. Iris, I am fortunate enough to have you in my case! You can do whatever you wish! Do as you wish or sue whomever you think is worthwhile. I leave it all to you!” 
Ben seemed filled with gratitude. 
“Mr. Benett has heard my dilemma. I plan to compensate Rachel Markee with the remaining two million.” 
“Iris, you…” Ben staggared. 
Rachel was ecstatic. What a power move! 
Elisa cautioned, “If you were to decline this offer, I will sue you in place for my sister-in-law. You then will have to pay five hundred million. However, I am providing a safe option, with no additional costs.
Isn’t this wonderful? You remember how Mr. Benett is when he is angry, right? Think about it, no one will bother you in the future.” 
Ben frowned. He could see that Elisa was doing this for the benefit of others. 
However, Ben could not afford to pay another five hundred million. If Elisa were to fight for his case, he would be able to defeat his opponents. 
Elisa noticed Ben’s hesitation and added, “Of course, since we are friends before this whole charade happened; if you have any difficulties concerning legal issues in the future, as long it does not break the law, I will gladly help.” 
Ben was in glee. This was now considered a small loss to him. If he made connections with Elisa, it would be worthwhile. 
And he wanted to file this case to demonstrate to everyone that he and Elisa got along well; no one would logically attempt to harm him in the future. Whatever the case, it was a nice offer. 
“Ms. Iris, you are too kind. Do what you wish, I have no ions.” 
Rachel was overjoyed. She really wanted to hug Elisa, there and then. 
While they ate their food, the party was preoccupied with their individual thoughts. Ben prepared wine for the two ladies, but none of them drank. 
As the time ran out, Rachel glanced at Ben and softly whispered, “Ben, Iris, and I have other things to do. We’ll finalize the contract tomorrow.” 
“Of course! You’re busy, I should have known!'”
Ben looked eager like a dog, which amused them. Rachel really is relishing this newfound power over things. Nice! 
Elisa smiled. She got up to leave. 
Rachel followed suit, however… As soon the door was opened, they were approached with cameras left and right. A whole mob of reporters was outside. 
Elisa froze and became exasperated by the size of the paparazzi. 
Reporters seized the opportunity to interview Elisa as soon as word got out. Naturally, everyone congregated! 
Someone started a live broadcast, which was instantaneously popular online! 
Coincidentally, Linda was in a middle of a conversation with Rose Meek. She was busy scrolling online when the top headlines appeared on the screen. “Why on earth is Elisa being interviewed?” She growled.
###chapter134
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 134
Chapter 134 The Reason Behind the Divorce 
“Check this out,” Mrs. Meek instructed. Linda looked over when prompted. 
Reporters rushed to ask their questions. 
“Elisa, I’ve heard that since your divorce from Mr. Benett, you’ve been dating Mr. Darcey. Do you intend to wed Mr. Darcey?” 
Linda sneered at the question. “Elisa is her own worst enemy. It’s only time that she destroys her own reputation.” 
Rose scoffed in agreement. “Without Mr. Wickam, she is nothing. Now that the cat’s out of the bag on who Iris is, Gareth can’t even stand her face.” 
Linda’s previous smile was replaced with a frown. Wasn’t she in the same position? 
Mrs. Meek noticed her expression and quickly attempted to divert her attention. “Let’s pay attention to the live broadcast.” 
In the live, the reporter questioned again, “Ms. Elisa, during your marriage, you had past conjugal visits with Mr. Darcey. Does this mean you divorced Mr. Benett just to be with Mr. Darcey? Were you openly cheating with him?” 
Linda’s mood improved just from watching Elisa being berated by reporters. 
Ben, who was behind Elisa for the whole time, started to break down in cold sweats. 
Damn it! 
Why are there so many reporters? This is ridiculous!
To make matters worse, they were blocking the exit out of the booth. Why hasn’t there been a commotion up until now? 
Not to mention security! How could they let even a single reporter in?! 
Everything was great up until the reporters came in! Why do they have to say such horrible things?! 
I’m worried Elisa will blame me for this… 
He looked over to Elisa. 
Rachel at that moment was furious. She planned to head back after the meeting. 
Elisa merely took Rachel’s hand and glared at the onslaught of paparazzi. 
Elisa ignored the first reporter’s question, but their question infuriated her. 
Elisa faced the reporter who was responsible for the questions. “Since this is turning into an interview, I must warn you that anything you say to me at this point, will be held against you. Possibly your very downfall when I plan your bankruptcy. Why? Because I am Iris.” 
Another reporter staggered from her proclamation. This is a mistake! I should stop this questioning! 
The surrounding mob panicked! 
Reporters are known to be cruel when it comes to questions. However, their treatment of them is based solely on the interviewee’s notoriety. Unfortunately for them, they’ve crossed the wrong person, at the wrong time —the infamous top lawyer, known for her resolute nature in winning all her cases. 
Immediately, reporters who initially prepared a line of personal questions for Elisa fell back.
Ben was panicking from the sea of paparazzi. All these reporters! When I leave, I’ll need to figure out how this happened! 
The reporters still blocked the entrance for their exit. Even when Elisa had struck fear amongst them, they wouldn’t retreat. Her notoriety was worth the risk. A story like this would create huge waves; just an interview with Ms. Iris would set them a good story to last for months! 
Linda turned green from envy. She used to view Elisa as some sort of circus clown when they first met, but now, Elisa was always ten steps ahead of her. Now…the playing field keeps getting unleveled! 
Rose mocked, “So what if she’s Iris? Compared to the Benetts, she’s just a drop in the ocean. The family wealth will not be affected by some measly lawyer.” 
“Well…this measly lawyer made Jerry Wickam lose the lawsuit. Elisa should not be underestimated.” Linda replied with an annoyed tone. 
Her daughter had a point, so Rose nodded. “It’s a good thing that is grounded in these kinds of events. We must keep the good fight.” 
Linda didn’t respond but continued watching the live stream. 
Although the reporters were afraid of Elisa’s threat, they were adamant to get some answers. 
A camera pointed toward her, while a reporter questioned, “Miss. Elisa, what is your reason for divorcing Garett Wickam?”
###chapter135
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 135
Chapter 135 Digging a Trap 
Elisa answered with nonchalance, “We had no chemistry.” 
The reporter was excited by Elisa’s response, and quickly shot another question, “Is this all because of your cousin?” 
Linda clenched her phone to calm her anger. She glowered at the person on the screen. 
Mrs. Meek frowned and added, “Will Elisa take the opportunity to tell your story?” 
Linda made an irate expression. “I’m not afraid if she does. On the contrary, I’m hoping she does make a statement on it.” 
“Why is that?” Mrs. Meek added. 
Linda clutched her phone tighter and replied irately, “If Elisa speaks ill of me, my next move is to destroy her reputation. I’ll have people spread rumors and turn her into a pariah, and then my own public image will be reinstated as an innocent victim of this whole ordeal.” 
Mrs. Meek simply nodded and expressed, “Yes, but this whole thing will backfire if she praises you in public. Wouldn’t this make your plans difficult to use Elisa as a tool to elevate your reputation?” 
“Why, this woman is cunning!” Linda said with gritted teeth. “Well just let the events unfold. I can only hope she curses me on live cameras.” 
In the meantime, Rachel Markee was still standing behind Elisa. Her eyes flashed as an epiphany struck her. Was she deliberately leading the reporters to be questioned? If Elisa hadn’t said anything, they would have exited the restaurant without the herd of reporters stopping them.
Rachel froze as she saw through Elisa’s ploy. Slowly, she’s being revealed the notoriety of the Benetts firsthand! 
“My sister-in-law is Mr. Bennett’s lifeline. He should treat Linda, his savior, with the utmost integrity. Linda Benett is a righteous woman. Even when she is tied with Mr. Benett, she did not attempt to separate me from Garett. This woman even persuaded us to reconcile our relationship with each other. Mr. Benett and I are divorced, and my sister-in-law could never be the reason for it.” 
Linda yelled, “Damn it!” 
She knew Elisa was too smart to dig herself a grave. 
Mrs. Meek growled, “This absolute b*tch!” 
The reporters grew excited, as they were given this nugget of information. Some of them decided to chase Elisa with more questions. 
“Then, with you being divorced, does this mean Mr. Benett will marry your cousin?” 
“I never know what goes on in Garett’s mind, but…” Elisa drawled. Since Linda likes to dig her own grave, let me give her a helping hand! 
The reporters were ecstatic. Yet, that deliberate ‘but’ was getting a little long. It must be a piece of big news if Elisa was hesitant with this information! 
“This b*tch!” Linda cried. 
Linda found it hard to maintain her composure at that moment. She was cursing out of sheer anger! 
She never loses her composure this way! 
Mrs. Meek blurted, “We can’t let Elisa keep talking!”
“There’s no one on our side to stop her there. How do you suppose we do that?!” 
“Call her!” 
“This will only piss her off more!” Linda shrieked. Elisa Bennett is in the middle of plotting her downfall. 
As the anticipated crowd waited for Elisa’s response, she finally spoke. “I implore people not to think of my cousin in this light. When Mr. Benett and I were in a rocky position, I realized my cousin was doing everything to keep us together. I’ve often encountered Linda out with Mr. Benett, together, as she persuades the two of us to reconcile.” 
Linda: “!!!” 
Rachel was on the brink of bursting out laughing. She tried her best to hold it in, but it was getting difficult. 
Hahahahaha… 
Well, this is a brilliant move! 
But no, Elisa isn’t done yet! 
Everyone’s expression dropped. Linda has gone too far! 
Elisa claimed that Linda was trying to persuade the couple to reconcile. Yet, she frequently went out for dinner with Mr. Benett. Did she even try to avoid suspicion? How shameless.
###chapter136
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 136
Chapter 136 Too Late 
There were rumors that Elisa was a kind-hearted, and well-informed individual; but now…? 
People grew doubts about Elisa. Is it possible Elisa is jealous of Gareth? His kindness towards Linda was a rouse! 
As people formed their opinions, Elisa announced in an authoritative tone. “Since Mr. Benett and I are divorced, my cousin became terribly heartbroken. She even expressed her remorse that she was the reason for our separation. Linda has even told me the separation had upset her greatly and that she became suicidal. I am completely responsible for this, and still, carry that guilt with me.” 
The reporters were taken aback. ‘Ms. Elisa blames herself so much!” 
“Well, yes! Ms. Elisa has a reputation to be too kind. She’s such an angel in disguise!” Ben said. 
Rachel gagged from that statement, but she knew what Ben’s intentions were from that statement. She stepped forward as the expectant crowd waited for her turn to speak on this issue. The cameras turned towards her for the shot. 
Linda was about to go ballistic with Rachel Markee on screen. “What else does Rachel wish to add?” 
Linda watched as Rachel nodded to the camera. “This is true! Sister Linda is a beautiful, kind soul. As I am a close friend of Elisa, I’ve met Linda through my many visits to their home. I am absolutely saddened by her condition…Linda is an empathetic woman, who cared so much for me. As I was Elisa’s friend, she has offered help more times than I can count. She is especially sweet to Elisa” Rachel cooed. “There are many more times that people had wronged her, so she is especially protective over Elisa.” 
The reporters were surprised by this statement. “Miss Linda is such an amazing person!”
“Of course, they are cousins!!” 
Linda was furious. She knew Elisa was holding back her cards in the game! 
Elisa gave a small smirk, but her eyes expressed sadness. Since Linda is so desperate to have a good reputation, let’s give her just that. 
Elisa noticed the crowd didn’t look too convinced, so she added, “My cousin is the textbook example of kindness. If she weren’t, what would have driven her to save Mr. Benett from that accident? The very same accident which caused her to have a coma.” 
Everyone was shocked. So that was what happened! Miss Linda ended up in a coma from her love for Mr. Benett. Linda, being too good for her own good, risked her life for Mr. Benett! 
Underneath that facade, Elisa grinned in secret. She knew something was wrong, with how much wreckage that accident had caused. No one could have survived to tell the tale. Yet, Linda ended up in a coma, just to wake up in a perfect time. 
However, this is Linda’s web of lies. I’ll help her build it, so I can watch it fall from her tall tales. That would be such a satisfying event! 
Elisa did just that – building Linda’s downfall. 
The crowd was busy admiring Linda’s good nature when Elisa intervened with another statement. “I am grateful to my cousin for everything she had done. After the divorce, I reasoned with her that Mr. Benett is still in love with her. He agrees to her hand in marriage.” Elisa said. She continued, “I am least to be concerned as Mr. Benett and I have no place together in the future, however, Linda does.” 
All eyes were on Elisa. Even if Mr. Benett were to get married a second time after the divorce, it did not look good if his next wife was the previous wife’s cousin. That would be such a scandal…
However, the public had now been informed that Linda and Gareth are a couple. Things have gotten complicated. 
Linda was in sheer panic. “No! I can’t let her divulge any more claims! If she does, this all will be ruined!” 
“Quick! Make the call!” 
Linda grabbed Mrs. Meek’s phone. She couldn’t care anymore and proceeded to call Elisa. 
But by then, it was too late.
###chapter137
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 137
Chapter 137 Gotten Ahead 
What Elisa said next etched deep in everyone’s mind. 
She heaved a sigh and said, “But Linda’s attitude was unwavering. She claimed that no matter what, she couldn’t be the source of discord between the two of us. She rather stays single forever and would never marry Mr. Wickam. She said she didn’t want to play the bad guy and make others think that she’s a mistress who eventually achieved her motive.” 
Linda freaked out at Elisa’s remark. 
“Oh my gosh! Miss Linda is indeed a shrewd woman. She knows by marrying Mr. Wickam, not only will she hurt her cousin, but the public will also deem her an outrageous woman.” 
“Exactly. I’m very impressed by Miss Linda’s generosity. I might not be as big-hearted as her if I were in her position. In fact, she made the right decision to not marry Mr. Wickam because if she did, the others would despise her. After all, Mr. Wickam has been taking care of her when she was unconscious, and he often brings her out even before his divorce. If she really married Mr. Wickam, she would truly be a home-wrecker.” 
“Miss Linda would become notorious for being a home-wrecker if that happens. Of course she wouldn’t do so.” 
Rachel was greatly entertained by the comments from the reporters. 
Standing behind Elisa, Ben, who was a bundle of nerves a moment ago, heaved a sigh of relief at that moment. Maybe she’s the one who invited the reporters herself. Otherwise, it’s unlikely to be a coincidence.
Nevertheless, Ben was delighted because he was standing behind Elisa, so the cameras surely had captured him. 
If the bosses knew that he had a good relationship with Iris, they would curry-favor with him. 
Elisa nodded with a smile. “Linda is my inspiration. I’m grateful to have a cousin like her, and I’m proud of her.” 
After saying that, she looked at her phone which had been vibrating for a while. A smile tugged at her lips and uttered, “Look, my family is calling me again. I shall take my leave first.” 
She waved her phone before leaving, but none of the crowd could see the caller ID on the phone. 
The reporters sensibly made way for Elisa. They had gathered enough materials from today’s interview. 
Truth be told, they didn’t dare to ask burning questions because they were afraid of being sued by Elisa. The careers that they had built over the years could potentially be ruined. 
Rachel nearly laughed out loud as she followed behind Elisa. After getting into the car with Elisa, she burst into laughter uncontrollably. 
“You’re brilliant, Elisa!” 
Elisa arched her brows and turned to look at Rachel. “Didn’t you drive today?” 
“Nope. I took a cab here. I’ll stay over at your place tonight.” 
Elisa didn’t respond and started the car engine. 
Seeing that Elisa’s phone was still ringing, Rachel laughed. “Honey, are you not going to pick up the call?”
Elisa smirked. “Why should I? It’ll infuriate her more if I don’t.” 
“That’s not true. You should answer the call and act innocent. That’ll definitely drive her up the wall!” 
Smiling, Elisa switched her phone to silent mode and drove home. 
Elisa’s interview just now had created a sensation, and once again, she became a trending topic on Twitter. 
The celebrities who came to the scene failed to ride the wave because the reporters had gotten ahead of them. 
They were exasperated because even Elisa’s friend and Ben had become topics of discussion, yet they missed the opportunity. 
Meanwhile, Linda, who failed to reach Elisa, threw her phone onto the floor furiously.
###chapter138
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 138
Chapter 138 Maintain the Image 
Linda was hopping mad. “Now that she has said those words to the reporters, my plan to marry Gareth is ruined!” 
Rose too wore a sullen expression as she had not expected Elisa to make such a move. It was only then did she realize she had shot herself in the foot! 
In the past, Linda had always given the public an impression of a selfless, kind woman. But now that Elisa made such an announcement to the media, she would be a known home-wrecker once she married Gareth. 
“Calm down, Linda. There are still other ways.” 
Linda clenched her fists resentfully with a darkened face. She hadn’t been this flustered! 
“She must have purposely lured the reporters there!” Rose added. 
Linda looked at Rose and asked, “Mom, did you say there are other ways?” 
Rose sighed and answered, “The only way now is to get the Wickam family to clarify the situation and explain the reason for you marrying Gareth. Since Elisa has built this ‘good’ image for you, you have to maintain it.” 
Her eyes filled with intense irritation, Linda was dying to tear Elisa into pieces. 
She took a deep breath and blurted, “Now, we can only seize the opportunity during Old Madam Wickam’s birthday banquet.” 
“Have you prepared the gift?”
Linda bit her lips. “Yes. I know her preference, and the gift is extremely luxurious, so she’ll most probably like it.” 
Rose was relieved. “That’s good. I trust your decision. Make sure to perform well at the banquet.” 
Linda nodded and said nothing else. 
With that, the silence in the room was restored. 
Meanwhile, the incident today had quickly spread across the internet. 
Vincent too saw the news, and he instantly burst into laughter. Since when did Elisa become this ‘generous’? 
However, he realized ever since Elisa became generous and gave up voluntarily, Gareth had been down in the dumps. 
Without hesitating, he quickly drove to Gareth’s place to glean information from him. 
Vincent’s fingerprint was registered in the security system at Gareth’s place, so he could easily access his house. 
He smiled when he saw Gareth’s shoes on the shoe rack. After changing into a pair of indoor slippers, he headed to Gareth’s study room. 
Vincent knocked on the door and asked, “Hey, are you in there?” 
“Come in.” Gareth’s voice was as cold as ice. 
The excited Vincent entered the room with his phone in his hand. Seeing that Gareth was working on piles of documents, he giggled. “I can tell you’re swamped with work. I bet you haven’t seen the news
online.” 
Gareth darted a glance at Vincent. “What are you trying to say?” 
“Let me show you a clip from an interview,” Vincent said while clicking into Twitter through his phone. Perceiving Gareth’s uninterested look, he added, “It’s an interview with your ex-wife.” 
Gareth’s hand stopped midair as he lifted his head subconsciously and looked toward Vincent’s phone. 
The interview was played on the phone. 
Elisa’s face was recorded clearly in the video. Gareth’s face darkened all of a sudden when he noticed the stout middle-aged man who stood behind Elisa. 
Before he could figure out what was going on, the voice of a reporter came forth. “Miss Benett, rumors say that you got together with Mr. Darcey after your divorce with Mr. Wickam. May I ask if you’re going to marry Mr. Darcey?”
###chapter139
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 139
Chapter 139 The Light of Her Life 
Vincent was all smiles as he observed Gareth’s expression. As someone heedless, he had not noticed Gareth’s unusual behavior before this. It was Jeremy who reminded him to keep an eye on Gareth. 
And so, he seized the chance today to tease Gareth. 
Seeing that Gareth’s gaze was fixed on the screen, Vincent waited patiently. 
“Miss Benett, you’ve been seeing Mr. Darcey even before the divorce. Is Mr. Darcey the reason why you divorced Mr. Wickam? Have you been two-timing Mr. Wickam?” 
Gareth’s expression turned ghastly. 
In the past, Elisa had always been obedient, and Gareth had thought that she was sensible. However, she immediately agreed to help Will when the latter discovered that she was Iris. Thereafter, she even proposed divorce when Will brought her to the banquet. 
Gareth understood Elisa was determined to get a divorce. 
He stared fixedly at Elisa’s gorgeous yet cold face on the screen. 
“You can ask me questions. But I’m Iris too, and I reserve the right to sue you if your comments contain any elements of slander.” 
Vincent curled his lips. “From here, your ex-wife looks domineering yet elegant. Her words are powerful. Even the reporters didn’t dare to ask reckless questions anymore, but… Oh, let’s continue watching.” 
“Miss Benett, why did you and Mr. Wickam divorce?”
Gareth’s pupils dilated at once as he remained silent and gazed solemnly at the screen. 
“Our love has faded.” 
Gareth snorted all of a sudden when he heard the response. Ha! What a shrewd answer. 
“Is it because of your cousin, Miss Linda?” 
“Linda has saved Mr. Wickam’s life, so it’s natural for him to be kind to his lifesaver. Linda is a righteous woman. Despite being fond of Mr. Wickam, she has not disrupted our relationship. She even exhorted us to make up with each other. Our divorce has nothing to do with Linda at all.” 
Vincent was amused. “Look, Elisa and Linda seem to have a good relationship, and it’s not as bad as you’ve described. Neither is Elisa that wicked. It doesn’t look like she’s going after Linda.” 
Gareth pressed his lips and remained silent. 
“Do you think Mr. Wickam will marry Miss Linda after the divorce?” 
Gareth furrowed his brows as he instinctively thought that Elisa was going to make some harsh comments. 
Nonetheless, his worry was unnecessary. 
“Please don’t think of Linda in that way. Even before there was discord between Mr. Wickam and me, I often bumped into Mr. Wickam and Linda hanging together when I head out. Each time, Linda would try her best to exhort us to reconcile.” 
“She was inconsolable when she knew Mr. Wickam and I were going to get a divorce. She blamed herself for causing our divorce. She repeatedly said that she should have stayed in a coma forever, and she had even thought of committing suicide.”
Following that, Rachel chimed in. 
“Linda is too kind-hearted. Otherwise, she wouldn’t save Mr. Wickam’s life and ended up being in a vegetative state.” 
Gareth’s eyes looked hostile. Is Elisa saying this to remind me that Linda was in a vegetative state because of me? No way. Their relationship is not that close and simple! Or, she thinks I’m annoying, so she deliberately used Linda’s vegetative state to stop me from pestering her? Amazing, Elisa Benett! 
Thereafter, Elisa continued praising Linda. 
Throughout the entire interview, she remained calm and open whenever Gareth was brought up. Nevertheless, she had not talked much about Gareth, and the topic mainly surrounded Linda. 
It was as if Linda was the light of her life instead of him. 
At that moment, Gareth actually hoped to remove Linda from Elisa’s mind.
###chapter140
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 140
Chapter 140 No Turning Back 
Until the end of the video, Elisa remained calm and cool. Meanwhile, Gareth’s face was extremely darkened. 
Vincent was amused. “Bro, come clean with me. Are you in love with Elisa?” 
Gareth was stunned. I’m in love with Elisa? 
The next second, he snorted. “That’s impossible!” 
This woman is reckless and stubborn. Not only did she bring shame to the Wickam family, but she also opposes me all the time. How would I possibly fall for her? 
No, this is impossible! 
Vincent stared at Gareth speechlessly. Nevertheless, it was obvious from his expression that he assumed Gareth had fallen for Elisa although the latter was proud and refused to admit it. 
Gareth remained silent while Vincent lifted his brows and continued, “What about Linda then? Are you going to marry her? Now, Elisa has deemed Linda an enemy, so are you still going to marry her? If you did, the consequence might be dire because the public might criticize Linda for being a home-wrecker.” 
The outsiders were not aware of the details, so they naturally wouldn’t know what was actually going on, but Vincent was a close friend of Gareth, so he knew the real situation. 
Looking cold, Gareth blurted, “I don’t plan to marry her for now.” 
“But didn’t you already agree to marry her?”
Gareth knitted his brows and did not respond. The next second, he threw his pen on the table in frustration. 
Vincent smirked. “It seems like you’re the real casanova.” 
Gareth shot a cold glance at Vincent. Perceiving the latter’s cheeky look, he knew Vincent was going to continue, so he immediately said, “Get lost on your own or I’ll escort you out.” 
Escort? That means he’s going to kick me out! 
Vincent’s face darkened at once because Gareth had kicked him out before. 
“Damn! I came to inform you of the latest news because we’re close friends. Not only did you not receive me well, but you even want to kick me out. How can you be this rude?” 
At that moment, Gareth had already grabbed Vincent’s arm. 
“Hey! Hey! Stop it! I’ll leave now. Take your hand off me!” Vincent yelped. 
Gareth let go of Vincent. After taking his phone, Vincent snorted and left while mumbling to himself. 
With that, Gareth was left alone in the study room. He was not in the mood to work anymore in such a quiet and lonely environment. Instead, he took up his phone, clicked into Twitter, and played the interview clip again. 
… 
Time flies. Soon, it was the day for Old Madam Wickam’s birthday banquet. 
All the guests came well prepared as they wanted to grasp this opportunity to strike up a relationship with the Wickam family.
As long as they pleased Old Madam Wickam, there would be a chance for their business to prosper. 
Hence, many businessmen wished to transform this opportunity into a turn of fate. 
Elisa stood at the entrance with a gift in her hand. 
Standing beside her, Rachel gazed at Elisa’s nervous and troubled look. She knew Elisa was disturbed by Linda’s gift. 
“No matter what, we’ve come far. Elisa, there’s no reason for you to retreat!” Rachel stared at Elisa firmly and held her hand. 
There was a glow in Elisa’s eyes. She inhaled and nodded at Rachel as if she was giving herself affirmation. “Mm-hmm!” 
Smiling at Elisa, Rachel said nothing else and led her into the venue while holding her hand. 
The usher at the entrance was surprised upon seeing Elisa. Nevertheless, he was well-educated, so he did not make any comments. After verifying the invitation card, he said courteously, “Miss Benett, Miss Markee, this way please.”
###chapter141
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 141
Chapter 141 A Shrewd Woman 
When the two ladies entered the hall, many guests were already there. Many of them gazed at the entrance to find out who the next guest was so they could immediately curry favor with any big shots that might arrive. 
What came into the guests’ sight were two young women. 
Standing on the left was a lady dressed in a light blue tube gown. The gown had no extravagant decoration but only had a few stripes. She also wore a blue stone necklace. The pendant was not dazzling, but it perfectly complemented the blue gown, causing the guests to fix their gaze on this woman. 
Elisa had a good body figure to begin with, and she looked even more charming in this outfit. 
Her curly hair cascaded down her back. The butterfly-shaped hair clip on her hair enhanced her elegant and gentle look. The sophisticated aura emanated by Elisa was so unique that one could never replicate it. 
At that moment, many guests were already charmed by her beauty. 
On the other hand, Rachel was meticulously dressed too. She wore a pink gown that was embellished with diamonds. Her straight legs were fair and tender, and her slender waist was irresistible. Besides, she also applied delicate makeup on her lovely face. 
Nonetheless, Rachel could still sense the guests’ eyes were fixated on Elisa. 
She sighed in resignation. “I shall keep a distance away from you next time. I was very confident in my look, but you attracted everyone’s attention when I stand beside you. You’re so attractive that I’m like a piece of coal in comparison.”
Hearing Rachel’s complaint, Elisa laughed in spite of herself. “Since when did you learn to deprecate yourself?” 
“My foot! I’m just stating the obvious. Look at those men. They just can’t take their eyes off you! You didn’t even wear any makeup today and you already picked a gown with minimal design, yet they are still attracted to you. Damn, beautiful women are the most wicked. They won’t know how wicked you are!” 
Amused, Elisa blurted, “Yeah, indeed. Tonight, you shall witness how wicked I can be.” 
Rachel chuckled. “Sure. We’ll see.” 
Finally, everyone regained their composure from being stunned by Elisa’s beauty. As much as the women were green with envy, they were not willing to admit Elisa was indeed naturally striking. 
At the same time, some guests started discussing among themselves. “Why is Elisa Benett here? I can’t believe she dares to come given how awkward her identity is currently. Don’t tell me she wants to take this opportunity to reconcile with Gareth.” 
“Reconcile? That’s impossible. She was the one who proposed the divorce back then. She can’t take back her own words in public.” 
“I heard that she has a close relationship with Old Madam Wickam, and Old Madam Wickam is very fond of her. Maybe that’s why she attended the banquet this time.” 
“Look how beautiful she is! She’s elegant and sophisticated. Why did Mr. Wickam lose interest in her toward the end…” 
Although it was Elisa who initiated the divorce, any discerning man would know the cause of their divorce was the complicated relationship between Gareth and Linda.
The outsiders thought Elisa was disliked by the Wickam because she was not from a wealthy and capable family. 
Nonetheless, it was undeniable that she made an impressive comeback. 
Not only did she announce the divorce out of the blue and caused Wickam Group a crisis, but she even associated herself with Will thereafter. The suit that was filed against Wickam Group caused the company to fork out tens of billions as compensation. She was indeed a shrewd woman!
###chapter142
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 142
Chapter 142 Blood Boiled 
The clueless outsiders had been criticizing Elisa, thinking she was an outrageous woman, but only the insiders knew what was going on. 
“So what if she’s pretty? Appearance is not everything. Moreover, you guys should know what kind of woman Elisa Benett is. There’s a saying that goes, ‘Don’t judge the book by its cover.’ We’ve only met her several times.” 
Most of them were insincere and superficial when engaging in social interaction, so they were unaware of Elisa’s true character. 
“What a pity. I’m not a guy. Otherwise, I’ll surely woo her. She’s just too gorgeous!” 
“Tsk! A woman like her with such character and appearance looks much like Helen of Troy. God knows how much trouble she has brought to those around her. Good looks doesn’t necessarily guarantee a good ending!” 
While the crowd was gossiping among themselves, someone exclaimed excitedly, “Here comes the great show!” 
The confused crowd looked toward the entrance. When they saw the three guests who were walking into the hall, their eyes lit up. 
The comers were none other than Norman, Rose, and Linda. 
The gown Linda wore this time was not as imposing as the one she wore to Mr. Morris’ birthday banquet. Obviously, she was more mindful of the event today. Nonetheless, her pink gown was relatively eye-catching among the crowd.
Linda’s skin was originally fair, but the pink gown further enhanced her fair skin tone. Her beauty caused many men to have their eyes fixed on her. 
Some of the guests started making comparisons between Linda and Elisa. “Look at Linda. She’s so beautiful! I’m so envious of her! Not only is she the daughter of the Benett family, but she’s also the future wife of Wickam Group’s president. Both of these identities are splendid!” 
“It’s true that she’s beautiful, but she has dolled herself up meticulously and picked an eye-catching gown. In contrast, Elisa only wore a gown with a simple design and did not wear any makeup, yet she still looks more outstanding in comparison!” 
“Elisa is obviously the more beautiful one. I guess it’s just because Mr. Wickam thinks that the grass is greener on the other side.” 
“Aren’t Linda and Elisa cousins? Did you guys see the trending topic yesterday? They seem to be quite close!” 
The crowd discussed among themselves. 
Meanwhile, Linda noticed she did not catch the gentlemen’s attention, but their gazes were focused in another direction. 
The smile on her face stiffened at once when she followed their gazes to see Elisa, who was dressed in a blue gown. The sight of Elisa made her blood boil as it reminded her of the words Elisa said to the reporters during the interview. 
She seemed to be praising Linda on the surface, but she was in fact accusing her of being a home- wrecker!
Linda took a deep breath and tried to control her emotions. Many guests were invited to the banquet today, and their eyes were fixed on Elisa and her, so she couldn’t make the slightest mistake. 
Thereafter, she smiled at her parents and said, “Dad, Mom, look, Elisa is over there.” 
Rose was dumbstruck when she saw Elisa. 
If it wasn’t that there were many guests at the hall, she would have shot a ferocious glare at Elisa. 
Norman too was surprised. “Oh, Elisa came too.” 
Then, he said to Rose and Linda, “Go ahead and have a chat with Elisa. I’ll go and greet some business partners.” 
Although Rose and Linda were frustrated, they nodded and walked toward Elisa.
###chapter143
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 143
Chapter 143 Hypocrites 
At that moment, Elisa and Rachel were standing facing each other. Many guests were paying close attention to Elisa, but only a few came to greet her. 
After all, Elisa’s identity as Gareth’s ex-wife was exceptional. Although they had divorced, the other guys wouldn’t dare to mess with the President Wickam’s former wife. 
Besides, the ambiguous status between Elisa and Will also impeded other men from approaching her. Because if they did, they might offend the two big shots and land themselves in deep water. 
When Rachel saw the two figures walking toward Elisa, she hummed with a smile tugged at her lips. “They’re here.” 
Thereafter, she called out to Rose and Linda. “Hi Mrs. Bennett, Linda!” 
Yesterday, Rachel told the reporters how Linda took care of her because of Elisa, so of course she had to take the initiative to greet Linda and Rose. 
She was thrilled when she saw Linda’s smile stiffen. 
On the other hand, Elisa felt disgusted when she turned and saw the two women. 
In the past, when Rose and her family were driven desperate, they had come to seek refuge from Elisa’s father. Her father received them generously, but the family was greedy and ungrateful. 
In the past, Elisa was innocent and didn’t realize how evil they were. After her father passed away, Norman snatched away all her father’s shares. Back then when Norman asked her to sign the document, he claimed that the company still belonged to her and that he only did so to gain the trust of
the shareholders. He even asserted that the Benett family should remain united no matter what happened. 
As such, Elisa thought Norman treated her like his own daughter, so she signed the shares transfer agreement without hesitation. 
However, it turned out that Norman pretended to adopt an equivocal stance as if he had become the owner of the company. 
On the other hand, not only did Linda snatch away Elisa’s title as the young lady of the Benett family, but she even forced her to divorce Gareth. 
Indeed, the family was schemeful. In the past, Elisa didn’t think they were cunning, but ever since her father passed away, the family couldn’t care less and had revealed their true colors. 
Nonetheless, Elisa wouldn’t allow the others to lay hold of her father’s company which he had devoted his life to. She was determined to take it back sooner or later. 
“Hi Aunt Rose, Linda.” 
Linda nodded at Elisa and Rachel with a smile. “You are early. Elisa, why didn’t you tell me that you’re attending this banquet too? We could’ve come together.” 
The nearby guests were focusing on Elisa and Linda, so they could naturally hear their conversation. 
Elisa smiled and gave a flawless reply. “Rachel stayed at my place last night, so I came with her.” 
“I see.” Linda was still putting on a smile on the surface, but deep down, she was hot under the collar. 
Rose knew Linda was so furious that she was at a loss for words, so she looked at Elisa with a smile and said, “Elisa, it has been a while since you came back to visit ever since you moved out. Why don’t
you move back to stay with us?” 
“It’s okay, Aunt Rose. I’m now working in a law firm, and my current place is closer to the office.” 
“I see. Why don’t you come home for dinner tomorrow? Norman misses you too and has been hoping for you to come and visit.” Rose extended an invitation passionately. 
Thinking about it, Elisa indeed wanted to have a conversation with them, so she nodded and agreed. “Sure. I’ll be there tomorrow night then.” 
Rose nodded with a smile. “That’s how family members should treat each other. I’ll prepare the dishes tomorrow and wait for your return. One of your favorite dishes is my buttermilk chicken tenders, isn’t it?”
###chapter144
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 144
Chapter 144 I’m Strong 
Elisa snickered inwardly, thinking that Rose was shrewd and sly. 
‘That’s how family members should treat each other.’ She’s implying that I don’t deem them as my family because I don’t go home, and it’s me who chose to keep a distance from them. 
Obviously, Rose said those words to make known to the others that Elisa is a hypocrite, hence affecting her image in the others’ minds. As such, the others might have a different interpretation of Elisa’s answer during the interview yesterday. 
Since Elisa had already commenced her plan, she wouldn’t give them any chance to strike back. 
She nodded with a smile. “That’s true, Aunt Rose. It has been a while since we got together. I mentioned this to Linda last time, but she seemed to be occupied at that time and went away to handle her matters after a quick chat. I hope Linda is available tomorrow night.” 
Rose was caught off guard by Elisa’s remark while Linda almost lost her cool. 
Nonsense! This is not true at all! Elisa, I never knew you’re such a natural liar! 
On the other hand, Elisa successfully returned the compliment. Initially, Rose implied that Elisa was the one who dissociated herself from the family, but now it sounded like it was the family who turned a cold shoulder toward her. 
Linda quickly answered with a smile. “You’ve mistaken me, Elisa. I was indeed occupied that day, but when I caught up with you some other days, you were busy too, hence we did not meet up all this while. I’m free tomorrow, so please come!”
With a smile resting on her lips, Elisa nodded. “I see. You and your family are kind to me. There’s no misunderstanding between us.” 
Standing aside, Rachel was rendered speechless. Listening to the superficial conversation, she was bored and even felt like yawning. 
The conversation was dull, and they even had to guard against any implied slander in the words. 
I bet the nearby guests are falling asleep listening to them talking. 
At this thought, Rachel glanced around the surroundings and laughed in spite of herself when she realized indeed no one was paying attention to the conversation anymore. 
Perceiving strange gazes from Elisa, Linda, and Rose, Rachel let out a cough and blurted, “I just suddenly thought of something interesting.” 
“Old Madam Wickam is here!” Someone gasped out of the blue, attracting all other guests to gaze toward the entrance. 
Julia walked into the hall with Gareth’s parents supporting her on both sides. They held her arms carefully as if they were worried that she would slip and fall. 
The family were all smiles and looked harmonious. 
Elisa wore a genuine smile when she looked toward Julia. 
Meanwhile, Linda too glanced toward Julia and instinctively walked up to her. 
When Monica saw Linda, she smiled and called out to her. “Hey Linda, come and help Grandma.” 
Monica’s action was to show the others that Linda was the daughter-in-law whom she acknowledged.
As such, Linda’s status became obvious immediately. Besides, Monica’s invitation wouldn’t appear to be inappropriate because the Wickam family and the Benett family had been associated with each other for a long time, so it was natural for Linda to help Julia. 
Just then, Monica caught sight of Elisa out of the corner of her eyes. With a cold look, she snickered deep down. Elisa, you want to sabotage Linda so that she can’t marry Gareth, don’t you? I’m not going to let your wish come true! 
Linda smiled and hummed, “Sure.” 
When she walked up to Julia, the latter raised her arms and complained in resignation, “Come on you two. I’m still strong and can walk on my own. You’re making me look weak by holding my arms. I don’t need anyone to help me.” 
At once, Linda’s hand stopped mid-air.
###chapter145
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 145
Chapter 145 Skill Enhancement Required 
The crowd’s expression became increasingly complicated. From the situation, they could tell that Monica had approved of Linda as her future daughter-in-law, but Julia didn’t. 
As much as Monica was influential in the family, Julia had a higher status. 
And so, it would be a challenge for Linda to marry Gareth. 
At that moment, Linda couldn’t help cursing Julia inwardly although she was usually polite toward the elders. 
This old woman is purposely embarrassing me in front of the public! 
Taking a deep breath, Linda tried to keep her shirt on and uttered with a smile, “Yeah, you’re indeed strong and healthy, Grandma. Mr. and Mrs. Wickam just want to ensure your safety and are worried that you might fall.” 
On the other hand, Monica regained her composure too and said, “Mom, please don’t be so stubborn. You’re advanced in age and should be more careful.” 
Julia waved her hand casually. Seeing that, the guests came forward to wish Julia a happy birthday. Sure enough, Julia was pleased by these honey-tongued guests. 
“Haha! You guys made it sound as if I’m only eighteen this year.” Julia’s tone became more alleviated. 
When she turned and saw Elisa gazing at her with a smile from the side, she waved at Elisa. “Hey girl, you’re here! Why didn’t you come and help me?” 
Elisa was startled. She knew Julia said so to embarrass Linda in the public and show support for her.
Elisa inhaled before walking up to Julia with a smile. “That’s because I know you’re strong, Grandma.” 
“Even your dear Mrs. Wickam cares for me and is worried that I’ll fall, but look at you. I’ve doted on you for nothing these years!” 
Julia’s remark might sound like she was disappointed, but a discerning man would be able to tell that she was saying it in a pampering manner. 
Standing at the spot, Linda was awkward and at a loss for words. 
Meanwhile, the guests were surprised to hear Julia mention ‘Mrs. Wickam’. 
The ‘Mrs. Wickam’ was referring to Monica. In the past, Elisa would address Monica as ‘Mom’. 
As such, Julia had obviously admitted Gareth and Elisa’s divorce. 
But it is clear that she still dotes on Elisa a lot. Why? The guests were confused. 
With a smile tugged at her lips, Rachel gazed at Elisa before approaching Linda. “Hey Linda, it seems like Old Madam Wickam still dotes on Elisa a lot although she and Gareth have divorced. But please don’t overthink. Old Madam Wickam just feels sorry for Elisa and doesn’t mean to ignore you.” 
Linda freaked out at Rachel’s words. 
Why didn’t I realize earlier she’s such a b*tch! 
Just a moment ago, Linda put on a smile and was about to tell the guests that she was happy to see Julia and Elisa’s harmonious interaction. 
However, before she could speak, Rachel forestalled her and made it sound as if she was being petty. At the same time, Rachel’s remark successfully attracted the others’ attention.
Controlling her anger, Linda chuckled. “What are you talking about, Rachel? I’m very glad to see Old Madam Wickam and Elisa get along well. After all, I was sad that Elisa is no longer part of the Wickam family, but I’m happy to see their cordial interaction despite the change in Elisa’s status.” 
Rachel laughed. “You’re right. You’re indeed gentle and sensible, Linda. I shouldn’t have worried that you would feel uncomfortable.” 
This woman is too cunning. I can’t beat her! Forget about it. I should enhance my skills before confronting this ingenious b*tch again.
###chapter146
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 146
Chapter 146 How Can This Happen?! 
Linda took a deep breath and blurted. “Of course I won’t feel uncomfortable.” 
Meanwhile, Elisa escorted Julia to her seat. 
She cast a glance at Jerry and nodded at him with a smile. 
If truth be told, she hadn’t figured out an appropriate way to address Jerry. 
Her relationship with Monica was hostile, so she didn’t find it awkward to address her as ‘Mrs. Wickam’. 
However, she was in a quandary when it came to Jerry. She couldn’t address him as ‘dad’ because Gareth and she had divorced, but she didn’t want to address him as ‘Mr. Wickam’ either because Jerry was genuinely kind to her and she didn’t want to appear aloof from him. As such, she chose to remain quiet. 
Although she had addressed him as ‘dad’ when they last met, she couldn’t bring herself to address him the same in front of so many guests. 
Soon, Darren walked into the hall, beaming ear to ear as the guests fawned over him. 
Linda instinctively observed the surroundings. That’s strange. Why isn’t Garry here yet? 
Just then, Julia held Elisa’s hand and said to the crowd with a wide grin. “Hello everyone, I’d like to introduce to you, my biological granddaughter.” 
The crowd was flabbergasted. 
Biological granddaughter? We never knew Old Madam Wickam has a granddaughter.
Even Monica gazed at Julia in shock because she was clueless about what was going on. 
While the guests were dumbfounded, Julia pulled Elisa closer to her while Elisa wore a shocked look. “Grandma?” 
Julia smiled and explained, “In the past when Elisa was my granddaughter-in-law, I’ve always deemed her as my own granddaughter. Even though she has already divorced my grandson, to me, she’s still my dear granddaughter.” 
Darren cast a glance at Julia. Although he was slightly displeased, his gaze was still tinged with affection. 
Julia was his beloved woman. Despite having devoted his life to his career, he couldn’t bear to separate from his wife. 
As such, Darren allowed Julia to do as she pleased when it came to insignificant matters. Moreover, today was her birthday, so he naturally wouldn’t want to upset her. 
Julia ignored the shocked gazes of the others and continued, “I’m glad to see so many of you here today. I hereby announce that Elisa will be a member of the Wickam family from now on. Both her parents have passed on, so I’d like to include Elisa in our family tree. This is a decision made by Darren and me after a discussion yesterday.” 
There was a change in Monica’s expression. “Mom…” 
Before she could finish her sentence, Julia nodded with a smile and interrupted, “Yeah, I know you’re fond of Elisa too. Since she has called you ‘mom’ before this, let’s get her to address you the same from now on. Although she and Gareth have divorced, it would be great to maintain the bond between us. What do you think?”
Monica’s expression turned stiff. Since Julia has already announced it in public, what else can I say? 
Before she spoke up, Jerry chimed in with a smile. “You’re right, Mom. Elisa will still be my daughter. I won’t want to lose a daughter just because she and Gareth are not husband and wife anymore.” 
A stiff smile tugged at Monica’s lips while she was hot under the collar. 
On the other hand, the panicked Linda clenched her fists subconsciously. 
Julia had utterly embarrassed her in public today. She was proving to everyone that the one whom the Wickam family approved was Elisa, not Linda. 
Besides, what Elisa said during the interview yesterday was not helpful to Linda at all. Given the current situation, there was no way she could marry into the Wickam family anymore! 
How can this happen?! 
Nonetheless, Linda would never know that Julia had long intended to make that announcement. When she saw Elisa’s interview yesterday, she was…
###chapter147
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 147
Chapter 147 A Sudden Drop in Rank 
Julia was elated. It made her so happy that she jumped with joy. 
At the time, she and Jerry had witnessed what happened. Thus, Julia smiled and said, “Did you see that? My granddaughter-in-law still likes my grandson! Since she does not allow Linda to marry Gareth, I shall give her a hand!” 
Jerry was conflicted because he knew his mother was deliberately deluding herself. 
Jerry understood Elisa had done that because she could not stand watching Linda and Gareth’s betrayal. It was only an act of revenge, and she had long ceased to love Gareth. 
However, Julia was in such a good mood that she could not stop smiling. Thus, Jerry did not break the truth to her. 
Julia did not hesitate to express her support for Elisa at the banquet. 
Jerry understood his mother did not want Elisa to be at the receiving end of others’ prejudices.. She also did not want anyone to look down on Elisa after her divorce, so she showed that the Wickam family would always stand on Elisa’s side. 
Gareth walked in and witnessed this scene. 
Elisa was dressed in a slightly lighter shade evening gown than the one she wore in the previous banquet. Although it was a simple dress, Elisa was the most dazzling woman at the banquet. 
Still, Gareth had a cold expression as he came in.
Julia had not noticed Gareth’s arrival. She looked at Elisa with a smile. “Elisa, I will always be on your side, so please don’t estrange yourself from the Wickam family due to what happened in the past. You can ignore that stinking brat, but you must remember that I’m always waiting for you to visit me.” 
The crowd nearly dropped their jaws in shock. They could not believe what they had heard. 
There is awkwardness surrounding Elisa’s status. Yet, Old Madam Wickam defends her in public. 
But… Does Old Madam Wickam not know what Elisa did? 
Elisa not only exposed her divorce from Gareth, making him a target of tabloids. Later, Elisa helped the Darcey family to go against the Wickam family. Has the Wickam family been tricked? Do they not care about all these things? 
Thus, the crowd was astounded. 
They all turned to Gareth upon noticing his sudden appearance at the banquet. 
It made him and Elisa the focus of the crowd tonight. 
After all, Elisa and Gareth had appeared as a loving couple in public, and Gareth would always behave like a gentleman with her. However, they were now divorced and had to appear at the same event due to their closeness to Julia. Thus, Elisa and Gareth would have no choice but to interact. 
Therefore, the crowd was curious to see what would happen. 
Meanwhile, Elisa could not help but feel touched that her heartbeat quickened. She did not expect Julia to say those words before the crowd. 
Her eyes began to well with tears as she looked at Julia. “Grandma, thank you…”
Julia smiled and said, “Sweetie, there is no need to thank me. Alright, today is my birthday. You must host this party for me as you have always done. Also, I want you to organize all my birthday parties in the future.” 
Monica’s expression darkened. 
Before Elisa married Gareth, Monica was in charge of arranging these matters. She handed them over to Elisa once Elisa joined their family. At the time, Monica did not mind Elisa taking them over because it was customary for a granddaughter-in-law to take charge of such matters. 
However, Elisa was no longer a part of the Wickam family. Yet, Julia still wanted Elisa to organize her birthday banquets. It felt like a snub to Monica’s face and a demotion of her status in the family. 
Meanwhile, Gareth’s expression grew stern as he came closer.
###chapter148
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 148
Chapter 148 Endless Tricks 
Julia finally noticed Gareth, and her expression instantly turned sullen. “Brat! Are you still not taking my birthday seriously? Why are you here this late?” 
“I wouldn’t dare,” Gareth answered calmly. Then, he glanced at the dazzling Elisa and said, “Grandma, you only have eyes for Elisa. Why would you have time for me?” 
Julia sneered in anger, “You stinking brat! Are you mocking me? From now on, Elisa is my granddaughter, and your father’s daughter. Thus, she is your sister.” 
Elisa, Gareth, and the crowd were all shocked. 
What kind of joke is this? How did his ex-wife suddenly turn into his sister? What is going on here? 
On the other hand, Linda suddenly broke into a smile. It’s good that she is his sister. Then, they can never marry each other again. 
She did not care what others thought and walked ahead with a smile. “That’s wonderful. Previously, I kept worrying about whether it would be awkward once Elisa and Gareth divorced. Now that they will be brother and sister, it’s the best ending everyone can hope for.” 
Ending. 
It was a word that carried deep meaning. 
It meant Elisa and Gareth’s journey as husband and wife had come to an end. 
Rachel smirked. What is Linda up to now? Why is she eager to accept that Elisa and Gareth are siblings?
Sometimes, speaking too much will lead to more slip-ups. 
She thought speaking up would protect her image. However, people will suspect her intentions because of those words. 
Everyone looked at Gareth and wondered how he would react to what Julia said. 
They felt the birthday banquet was getting more interesting. One could never predict what would happen next. 
As expected, Gareth did not disappoint. He glanced at Elisa indifferently before saying, “You can adopt a granddaughter, and Dad can adopt a daughter. However, it doesn’t mean I want to have a sister from out of nowhere.” 
“You…” Julia wanted to say something. 
However, Jerry interrupted quickly, “Mom, don’t bother yourself with Elisa and Gareth’s matter. It’s your birthday today, so let’s begin the birthday banquet.” 
Julia felt frustrated, but she knew how stubborn Gareth was. Thus, she nodded. “Alright, let’s begin.” 
Thus, Darren, who had been sitting beside Julia all this while, glanced at the crowd before saying, “Good evening, everyone. Since most of you have been to the past birthday banquets, there is no need for me to give a grand speech this year. Still, I would like to thank everyone for attending this birthday banquet.” 
Then, Jerry raised his glass with a smile. “Cheers, everyone.” 
He drank the wine after saying that. 
Everyone raised their glass too.
Most of the time, banquets would be grand. The host would hire a presenter and give high-sounding speeches. 
However, most people were sick of hearing such things and found them boring. 
Thus, he thought to save time and let the guest interact amongst themselves. 
After all, the Wickam family was of high social standing, so anything they did was right in the guests’ eyes. Furthermore, Jerry felt the Wickam family had set a good example by giving a short speech. 
Meanwhile, Gareth had no intention of speaking to the crowd. 
Thus, everyone soon took their seats. 
As expected, Julia and the rest of the Wickam family would be seated at the same table. While Elisa hesitated about where she should go, Julia immediately took her under her wing. 
She dragged Elisa to the table and said adamantly, “You will sit beside me. I will only be happy when you celebrate my birthday with me!” 
Then, she glanced at Gareth and said, “Come here, you stinking brat. You are sitting beside me too!” 
Darren’s expression darkened instantly. “What about me!”
###chapter149
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 149
Chapter 149 I Won’t Let You Suffer This Indignity! 
I wouldn’t have minded her letting Elisa sit beside her. After all, there would still be another seat for me. 
Now, this is just great! There’s no more seat beside her anymore! 
Elisa felt awkward and wanted to get up to give away her seat. However, Julia grabbed her hand and would not let go. Then, she scoffed at Darren. “If it weren’t for the people around us, I wouldn’t have bothered about you. You can go wherever you wish.” 
Meanwhile, Elisa did not know what to do. 
Julia’s actions made her feel even more awkward, and she could sense Darren’s hateful glare at her. However, Julia was the star of the birthday banquet, so Elisa could not disobey her. 
Gareth did not say anything but sat on Julia’s left. He turned slightly and saw Elisa’s hesitation. 
He had never seen such an expression on her face ever since their divorce. Thus, he was dazed for a moment. She has changed. She has completely changed. 
Meanwhile, Darren had a sullen expression. However, he did not wish to argue with Julia on her birthday, so he sat beside Gareth. 
On the other hand, Rachel had not gotten to her seat. Elisa looked at her apologetically, but Rachel did not seem to mind. She met Elisa’s gaze and pointed to a distance. Then, Elisa glanced at where Rachel pointed and saw Carle and Sheena, prompting Elisa to nod with relief. 
Linda also remained unseated. She felt indignant and unwilling to let the matter slide. Elisa has divorced Gareth. Why is Grandma being so nice to her? This is absurd!
Monica glanced at Linda and said, “Linda, come here and have a seat. Tonight…” 
Linda wanted to shake her head and feign refusal. However, Julia suddenly interrupted Monica. “Monica, stop bothering Linda. You should let her get something to eat while you come over here and sit down.” 
Monica’s expression changed slightly. “Mom…” 
Everyone knew what Monica was planning, but Julia had ruined it in front of everyone. 
It is all because of Elisa! It’s all her fault! 
Darren’s face remained sullen, but he said calmly, “Let’s sit down for dinner first.” 
Monica was startled and did not dare to speak anymore. 
On the other hand, Linda was on the verge of losing her composure. 
Everyone here knows I saved Gareth’s life. But why does Julia refuse to invite me to join her table? 
Meanwhile, the crowd enjoyed watching the drama unfold. 
They realized they could expect a good show whenever Elisa was around. Things always happen whenever she is around. Something exciting is guaranteed. 
At this moment, Linda’s friend, Shirley, saw her and came over. “Linda.” 
Linda saw Shirley and nodded with a smile. “Good to see you here. When did you arrive?” 
“I’ve been here for a while. We haven’t seen each other for a long time. Want to come and sit with me?” 
Linda finally found a way to retreat with some shred of dignity. Thus, she smiled and nodded, “Yes.”
Shirley felt indignant on Linda’s behalf, so she held Linda’s arm and whispered, “Linda, I can’t bear to watch and do nothing. They have gone overboard! How can Old Madam Wickam blatantly favor Elisa? Why don’t I put in a few words and get them to bring out yours and Elisa’s presents to compare them before everyone? Elisa’s present looked cheap. Who knows? Old Madam Wickam might favor you once she sees your present.” 
Linda shook her head immediately. “No, she is my cousin. I…” 
“What’s wrong with you? Why are you still defending her at this point? Did you see her help you even a little just now? She put you in a difficult spot! I don’t care. I won’t let you suffer this indignity!”
###chapter150
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 150
Chapter 150 Whose Plan Is This 
Linda had a panicked gaze and tugged Shirley’s hand, wanting to say something. However, Shirley insisted, “Have you forgotten that you saved Gareth’s life? The Wickam family should not have disregarded your good deed in public!” 
However, Shirley did not notice a sly glint in Linda’s eyes. She was doing exactly whatt Linda wanted. 
Shirley had unwittingly become Linda’s pawn. Linda thought Shirley’s presence had saved her a lot of trouble. 
As Linda was about to pretend to stop Shirley, Shirley headed straight toward Julia. “Old Madam Wickam.” 
Julia turned around and saw Shirley walking toward her with a smile. Seeing her smile, Julia smiled back and said, “Ms. Lowe, what’s the matter?” 
Many guests began watching Shirley and Julia. They were not interested in the gourmet delicacies on the table. They had those so frequently that they were sick of them. 
Instead, they were more interested in the scene before them and hoped it would unfold dramatically. 
One should know that Shirley was Linda’s best friend and was close. Thus, Shirley could not bear seeing Linda suffer indignity. The crowd soon noticed Shirley and Linda whispering amongst themselves, and Linda seemed in disagreement about something. Thus, they were curious to hear what Shirley would say to Julia. 
Shirley chuckled and nodded. “Yes, there is something that I would like to speak to you about. I believe you will be curious once you hear about it. It will interest all the guests too.”
Gareth frowned and turned to Elisa. However, Elisa only glanced at Shirley briefly before looking away and remained undisturbed as she sat beside Julia. 
All this while, Elisa never bothered to look at Gareth. That infuriated Gareth, prompting his expression to darken further. 
Julia did not want Shirley to continue speaking, but she could not stop her in this situation. Thus, she had no choice but to smile and say, “What is this matter that I would be curious about?” 
Shirley smiled. “I heard from Linda that she prepared your birthday present on the same day as Elisa. Furthermore, the present costs a hefty sum. Family members tend to think similarly. I wonder if you would like both of their presents.” 
Isn’t she asking Old Madam Wickam to compare the gifts? 
Most of the guests could not help but purse their lips. One of the guests complained, “Isn’t Ms. Lowe being childish?” 
Someone beside him chuckled. “Is this childish? It is a tactic to embarrass her opponent. Since Shirley dared to say this, it means she knows Elisa’s present is not as good as Linda’s. Once the presents are brought out, everyone would think there is something wrong with Elisa. Would you still think it is childish then?” 
“That’s right. Once they bring out the presents, and Elisa’s present look worthless, old Madam Wickam would be disappointed in her. Thus, it is a good plan from Shirley.” 
“Are you sure it is Shirley’s plan and not Linda’s?” 
After someone said that, the crowd began to whisper amongst themselves as if discussing this possibility.
However, someone soon replied, “Did you all not see what happened just now? Shirley must have brought up the birthday gift matter to Linda, but Linda disagreed and refused to let Shirley reveal it. Thus, it is all Shirley’s plan.” 
“That’s right. Linda has always been kind. Otherwise, why would she risk her life to save Gareth? She has the courage and kindness we all aspire.” 
No one refuted that statement. They all thought Linda had sacrificed her life to save Gerald. The only reason she survived was that God pitied her and let her live. 
Thus, everyone looked at Julia, waiting to see what she would do.
###chapter151
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 151
Chapter 151 The Surprises They Prepared 
Julia chuckled. “Is that all? That’s nothing to be curious about. Elisa and Linda are both intelligent young ladies, so I believe they understand me well and have prepared the best gifts for me. Thus, it wouldn’t be right to compare, isn’t it?” 
She felt it would be unfair to compare the gifts. 
At this moment, Linda rushed to Shirley and tugged her hand. “Shirley.” 
Then, Linda turned to Julia with a smile and said, “You’re right, Grandma. It is only Shirley’s idea, and it is unnecessary to compare the gifts as such. She suggested it because she was curious, so please don’t take any offense.” 
Linda seemed to plead for forgiveness for Shirley’s words. In fact, many of the guests could not help but wonder if Julia had blatantly favored Elisa. 
Could it be that Elisa’s gift is so bad that she is trying to save Elisa from embarrassment? 
Julia felt frustrated as she watched Linda feigning innocence. However, Julia trusted Elisa and knew she would not disappoint her. 
Thus, she turned to Elisa and said, “Elisa, I’m quite curious. You and Linda grew up together like sisters, so I believe that both of you think similarly. Should we bring out Linda and your gifts for everyone to see?” 
All these years, Julia had always been pleased with the presents Elisa had prepared. Thus, she believed she would love Elisa’s present for this birthday too.
Linda was surprised. Old Madam Wickam is protective of Elisa. Why would she let Elisa bring out her present? Does this mean she is confident about Elisa’s present? 
Linda sneered in secret. She was eager to watch Elisa being humiliated and Julia being embarrassed for siding with Elisa. 
“Grandma…” Elisa was surprised, but she quickly recovered her composure. She realized Julia wanted her to win and put Linda down a few notches. 
Grandma… 
Elisa suddenly felt conflicted. She planned this, hoping to cheer Julia up. 
However, it turned out Julia did not wish to have a birthday celebration. That was why Darren did not dare to anger Julia. 
At this moment, Elisa feared she would make Julia even more depressed. What should I do if Grandma’s condition worsens? 
Thus, Elisa felt immense regret and hesitation at this moment. 
Gareth naturally noticed her troubled expression. He frowned slightly as he compared her to Linda and felt she had no reason to panic. 
What is she thinking? 
“Liz?” 
Julia saw that Elisa remained silent and thought she did not wish to compete with Linda.
Rachel, who sat only two tables away from Elisa, also noticed Elisa’s hesitation. Thus, Rachel said, “Liz, since everyone thinks you and Linda think alike, let’s bring out the presents. It would cheer up Old Madam Wickam.” 
Elisa still seemed conflicted. She looked at Rachel and saw her nodding encouragingly. 
After a moment of hesitation, Elisa finally turned to Julia and nodded with a smile. “I was worried that my present is not as good as Linda’s and feared I would disappoint you. However, since you would like to see it, I will bring it out for you. Please know that I have prepared it with a sincere heart.” 
Rachel breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing that. Thank goodness for Elisa’s quick thinking. The crowd started doubting her when she seemed hesitant and dazed just now. So if Old Madam Wickam becomes furious when Linda brings out her gift, the crowd will likely suspect Elisa is the one who schemed this. 
Since Elisa said those words, it will resolve the crowd’s suspicion. From her words, she merely seems like a competitive person who is worried about being embarrassed if her gift is not good enough. 
Julia chuckled. “Why would I be disappointed? Butler, bring out Elisa and Linda’s gifts. I would like to see the surprises they prepared for me.”
###chapter152
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 152
Chapter 152 The Presents 
The butler answered in affirmative and went to the room where the presents were kept. 
Everyone waited in anticipation. 
They knew Elisa and Linda were not only cousins but were also Gareth’s ex and current romantic partner. 
Furthermore, both ladies were close to members of the Wickam family. Each had its supporters. 
Julia and Jerry were on Elisa’s side, while Darren and Monica sided with Linda. Furthermore, Linda saved Gareth’s life. It seemed Linda had a vast advantage, but she said she would never marry Gareth. That turned the whole matter strange and threw both sides off course. 
Thus, the crowd was waiting to see the drama unfold. 
There was always some kind of drama ever since Gareth and Elisa divorced. 
Meanwhile, Linda did not return to her seat but waited at the side as she would be presenting her gift soon. 
Shirley’s gaze was full of confidence. She glanced at Elisa as if knowing Elisa’s present would lose. 
That made Linda furious with Shirley. Is Shirley an idiot? 
How can she appear confident as if she is winning? 
Thus, Linda sent Shirley a look, prompting Shirley to tone down her smug expression.
Then, Linda sighed and smiled gently at Elisa. “Liz, I didn’t expect us to present our gifts to Old Madam Wickam together. But it is an honor, don’t you think?” 
Linda behaved like a caring older cousin comforting someone who was about to lose. To make her less dejected, Linda said it was not a competition, but they were presenting their birthday presents together. 
Elisa nodded without a fuss and said, “You’re right, Linda.” 
Linda smiled. Then, she noticed the butler coming over with the gifts and said softly, “The butler’s here.” 
Every present was labeled with the sender’s name. Then, the butler handed the two wrapped presents to Elisa and Linda. 
Elisa accepted the present. Previously, she wanted to give it to Julia before the banquet, but Julia refused and insisted that Elisa bring the present and attend the birthday banquet. 
It turned out Julia was only making an excuse to make Elisa attend. In actuality, Julia wanted to announce during the birthday banquet that Elisa was now her granddaughter. Everything Julia had done so far was for Elisa. Thus, Elisa was afraid that Julia would soon see Linda’s present. 
Furthermore, Elisa had a sudden urge to snatch the present from Linda so that Julia would never see it. 
Gareth looked at Elisa. They had been married for three years, so he could sense her growing panic. 
What is it that makes her so nervous? 
Meanwhile, Rachel smiled and came forward. “It wouldn’t be as interesting if they unwrap the presents themselves. Ms. Lowe, should we help them?” 
Shirley was more than happy to do that. Thus, she replied with a smile, “Sure, I’ll help Linda.”
Rachel took the present from Elisa. At the same time, she squeezed Elisa’s hand to assure her. 
Elisa pursed her lips before looking away. 
Then, Rachel and Shirley began unwrapping the presents while Linda stood near Julia with a gentle smile. 
Everyone watched Rachel and Shirley. They would have stood up to have a better view if not for having to maintain their image in this formal banquet. 
Those who sat near the scene could see it clearly without having to stand. 
Rachel and Shirley did not show hesitation as they unwrapped the presents. It seemed each of them was confident about the presents. 
The other guests watched in anticipation as Rachel and Shirley undid the ribbons on the presents.
###chapter153
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 153
Chapter 153 I Am Not That Reckless 
Since the crowd was watching, Rachel unwrapped the present at a faster pace. 
Linda looked at Rachel’s gift box and was puzzled. Isn’t it an ordinary jade bracelet? Why would it need such a large gift box? Could it be something else? 
Linda smirked secretly. It doesn’t matter, even if it is something else. 
I don’t think Elisa is that creative. 
However… 
Linda widened her eyes in shock the instant she saw Elisa’s gift. 
It isn’t the jade bracelet she bought at the department store! Instead, it is a jade peacock ornament! 
Furthermore, the quality of the jade peacock ornament is vastly different from the bracelet. The color is different too! 
The jade on the bracelet has deep green streaks, but there is none on this ornament. Moreover, it is translucent. 
As the crowd guessed the symbolism of the gift, Rachel chuckled and said, “Madam, Elisa is easily embarrassed, so she is too shy to explain. So, I will introduce this gift to you.” 
“Yes, tell me about it.” Julia loved the peacock ornament the instant she saw it and was excited to know its backstory. 
Rachel nodded with a smile. “This peacock ornament has some backstory, and it cannot be bought. Elisa and I had to go to Lumineer Temple at the foot of Viridis Mountain. The abbot of the temple was a
kind man. After hearing Elisa’s reason for visiting the temple, he said the temple has a treasure suitable for her, and he felt Elisa was destined to have it. Furthermore, this treasure had been blessed. Since it was destined for Elisa, she did not have to pay a cent.” 
The crowd was surprised to hear that. 
She didn’t have to pay a single cent? 
Linda looked at Rachel doubtfully. She had grown up with Elisa and knew her well. Thus, she did not believe Elisa could gain an advantage over her. Therefore, she believed there was a hidden meaning to what Rachel said. 
Rachel looked at the crowd’s astonished faces and continued with a smile, “The abbot said she did not have to pay due to destiny, and money would taint its sanctity. However, it did not mean she could take it for free. The temple had four hundred and ninety steps. Thus, Elisa had to complete them by kneeling at every third step, praying at every fifth step, and prostrating at every seventh step before she could obtain the ornament.” 
Rachel did not lie. Elisa had indeed done those. 
The crowd was shocked. 
Kneeling at every third step, praying at every fifth step, and prostrating at every seventh step! 
That’s tremendous hard work. If she did not sincerely care for Julia, why would she do that? People would rather spend hundreds of thousands, millions, or even tens of millions to buy a gift. It is much more convenient to spend money than to kneel. 
Furthermore, it is humiliating to kneel!
No matter how much I wish to please someone, I wouldn’t want to do that. 
Isn’t Elisa too much? 
No one doubted Rachel’s words. It was because Lumineer Temple was a strict and highly revered religious institution. No one would dare to desecrate Lumineer Temple. Furthermore, no one from Lumineer Temple would lie for anyone. 
Thus, one only had to ask someone at the Lumineer Temple to find out whether the matter was true. 
Gareth was surprised. He looked at Elisa coldly only to see her smiling. “Grandma, do you like this peacock ornament?” 
Julia seemed immensely moved by the gift and looked at Elisa with a pang in her heart. “My sweet child. It’s only my birthday. Why did you put yourself through so much trouble? Come here and let me have a look at you. Are you hurt? Four hundred and ninety steps! You could have fallen if you were a little careless. How can you be so reckless?” 
Elisa chuckled and said, “I’m not reckless, Grandma. I don’t fall that easily.” 
She went to Julia’s side with a smile as she spoke.
###chapter154
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 154
Chapter 154 Of the Same Mind 
Julia looked at Elisa with concern. If it weren’t for the guests around them, she would have lifted Elisa’s skirt to check her knees. 
Meanwhile, Linda’s expression suddenly turned pale. 
Elisa! Damn it! 
Even Shirley hesitated about showing Linda’s present. She only undid the ribbons but did not open the box so that she could easily show the present when it was her turn. 
Rachel chuckled and said, “Old Madam Wickam, the abbot of Lumineer Temple said you should place this jade peacock ornament in your bedroom. It will bless you with longevity.” 
Julia nodded with a smile. “I sure will. Jade is known to bring good luck, and this ornament has been blessed. It is a very meaningful gift to me.” 
Then, Julia held Elisa’s hand. “Elisa, thank you so much for this gift. But you must never do something like this again, okay? You mustn’t hurt yourself for my sake.” 
Elisa smiled and shook her head. “Grandma, it’s what I wanted to do. After all, you are my grandmother.” 
Julia chuckled. “Yes, that’s right, my sweet child. Come and sit beside me.” 
Darren looked at Elisa with an astonished expression. She did that willingly for her? 
Then, he turned to look at Julia and was relieved to see her genuinely happy. It doesn’t matter as long as she is happy. Furthermore, today…
Darren seemed gloomy as he took a sip from a glass of wine. 
Jerry looked at Elisa with a smile, “Elisa, thank you.” 
Elisa smiled too and said, “Don’t worry about it. It’s nothing.” 
“I’m lucky to have such a wonderful granddaughter!” 
Julia held Elisa’s hand and refused to let go. She seemed to have forgotten about Linda. 
However, Shirley would not let Julia forget. She smiled and said, “Old Madam Wickam, we have only presented one gift. There’s still Linda’s present left. Would you like to look at it?” 
Linda breathed in and suddenly did not feel like revealing her present. No matter how expensive her present was, it could not compare to Elisa’s gift. 
Damn it! I didn’t expect that b*tch to do this! 
On the other hand, Shirley’s eyes flashed with a sudden idea. “Wow, what a coincidence! Linda also went to Lumineer Temple. Unfortunately, after hearing about the requirements, she was unable to perform them due to her health conditions. Therefore, she had no choice but to select this present for you. So, Old Madam Wickam, you mustn’t dislike her present on the account of her weak health.” 
The crowd instantly understood what Shirley meant. That’s right. Linda has weak health so she could not do what Elisa did. After all, it is Gareth’s fault that Linda’s health became like this! 
Linda was nervous, but she could finally breathe a sigh of relief thanks to Shirley’s explanation. As expected, Shirley is useful. She helped me in this critical moment. 
Julia smiled. “Of course.”
Despite saying that, one could still sense her disinterest in Linda. 
Julia had never liked Linda and was suspicious about her having ever been in a coma. However, Julia still could not find any evidence against Linda, so she did not bring up the matter. 
Meanwhile, Shirley chuckled. “Linda had been searching for the right gift for a long time, hoping to find something that you would like. Thankfully, she found it!” 
“Since Linda had worked so hard to prepare the gift, let’s have a look.” Monica did not wish for Elisa to get all the glory. Thus, she voiced her anticipation to see Linda’s gift. 
On the other hand, Rachel sneered secretly and said, “Yes, yes. Let’s open the present and see whether Elisa and Linda think the same!”
###chapter155
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 155
Chapter 155 A Shocking Turn of Event! 
Shirley seemed full of confidence. We have the present that Old Madam Wickam likes, and it looks high-end. Everyone shall see that it is expensive. 
Thus, she gradually opened the present in the sight of everyone and revealed six pairs of jade bracelets. 
However, every member of the Wickam family turned pale at the sight. 
Julia’s hands trembled violently as she tightened her grip on Elisa’s hand. 
Rachel was relieved to see their reaction. 
Julia was livid, but she could not say anything before the guests. 
Linda’s expression sank as she saw their expressions. Why are they reacting like this? 
At the same time, Monica panicked and looked at Shirley urgently, signaling her to take the present away. 
However, Shirley misunderstood Monica and chuckled. “These jade bracelets were all handmade with natural jade stones. Furthermore, Linda oversaw the making process. She wanted to gift you with only the best, and these bracelets show her utmost sincerity and respect.” 
Julia’s expression darkened further. Even the guests began to sense that something was wrong. 
Those who knew the reason looked at the bracelets in astonishment. Wow, this is her present? Even if she doesn’t know the backstory, it is too coincidental! These bracelets are Old Madam Wickam’s only taboo!
Of all the things she could have gotten, why is she gifting old Madam Wickam these? 
Linda began to panic and realize something was wrong. 
Why do they seem angry? 
On the other hand, Shirley remained unaware and continued to introduce the present, “There are six pairs, so the two sixes symbolize old Madam Wickam’s sixty-sixth birthday…” 
“That’s enough!” Elisa shouted for Shirley to stop speaking. 
Shirley frowned slightly. What is Elisa doing? Is she stopping me because she feels threatened that Linda’s gift is more beautiful than hers? 
What the heck! 
Linda’s expression turned solemn. What’s going on? Something is very wrong here! However, before she could stop Shirley, Shirley continued delightedly, “Also, look at how beautiful the color is. Please have a look, Old Madam Wickam. Look at the spotless and even green surface, these jade bracelets…” 
However, Julia could not stand it anymore. She slammed her hand on the table furiously before yelling, “Get out!” 
Julia looked crazed at this moment. Her eyes were bloodshot, and her body trembled with fury. 
“Old Madam Wickam, what’s wrong? You can’t forbid me from explaining this gift all because Elisa doesn’t want me to speak. Moreover, I haven’t finished introducing the gift, so how can you make a comparison between them? I…” 
“I’ve told you to stop!” Elisa interrupted Shirley before she could finish speaking.
Rachel sneered in her mind. It’s finally here! 
Meanwhile, Linda was sure that something was wrong. She opened her mouth, wanting to explain. But Elisa looked at her with disappointment in her eyes. “Linda, I told you not to get this present because Grandma hate this! Why did you insist on bringing this here?” 
The rest of the guests were astounded. 
It turns out Old Madam Wickam does not like the present. But she wouldn’t be this angry if she only dislikes it. That means Linda must have gotten something that is taboo. Those jade bracelets must have triggered some bad memories. 
The rest of the Wickam family also looked tensed and angry. Gareth immediately ordered, “Remove those bracelets and tell Ms. Benett to take them with her.” 
The butler grabbed the gift box from Shirley and covered it up before returning it to the stunned Shirley. 
At the same time, Linda’s expression blanched.
###chapter156
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 156
Chapter 156 Linda, You Shouldn’t Have Done That 
At this moment, the banquet was completely silent despite having hundreds of guests. No one dared to make a sound. 
Linda had fallen into full-blown panic. 
By now, even an idiot would know she had fallen into a trap. 
Linda knew without a doubt that Elisa had tricked her. 
That day, I followed Elisa from afar and thought she didn’t notice me. She had talked about buying a present for Julia. 
It turned out Elisa knew I was following her all along. She deliberately said those words to make me fall into her trap! 
B*tch! Elisa, you b*tch! 
She was Gareth’s wife for three years, so she must have known Old Madam Wickam’s taboo. But she never told me anything! 
Linda shook her head in confusion and looked at Elisa with hurt in her eyes. “Liz, what are you saying? You never told me that Grandma dislikes that. In fact, you said it is what Grandma likes … Why, Liz? Why didn’t you tell me this?” 
Linda stood still. Her thin figure looked forlorn standing there alone. Thus, the crowd could not help but pity her.
Everyone looked at Elisa. The two cousins had always behaved like they were close. But it seems there is a secret rivalry between them. 
Could Elisa be jealous that Gareth dumped her for Linda and deliberately trapped Linda? 
That sounds plausible! 
Elisa shook her head adamantly. “Linda, do you think I’m jealous that Gareth divorced me to be with you? You saved his life, but Gareth and my divorce has nothing to do with you. Why do you keep suspecting me? Did you assume that I had lied about Grandma disliking this thing?” 
Gareth furrowed his brow and looked at Linda. 
Vincent was seated at another table with Jeremy. He frowned and said, “Women are always full of drama. Those two can stir up a whole show by themselves. Who do you think is lying here?” 
Jeremy looked at them but did not say anything. 
Suddenly, everyone looked at Linda doubtfully. 
Something is off about Linda. Furthermore, Elisa even mentioned to the media that Linda likes Gareth. 
Could it be that Linda was pretending to be innocent but was the one who ruined Elisa’s marriage? 
Otherwise, why would she keep having meals with Gareth alone? Elisa and Gareth were still married at the time. Didn’t Linda know that she should not be too close with a married man? Also, since they were having meals, shouldn’t Gareth have brought Elisa too? 
Meanwhile, Norman and Rose were panicking. Rose stood up immediately and came forward.
“Old Madam Wickam, there must be some misunderstanding, so please don’t blame Linda. Linda, apologize to Old Madam Wickam now!” Rose said urgently. 
Elisa’s expression turned cold as she sneered in anger. “Apologize? Aunt Rose, this is not something one can gloss over with an apology. Don’t you see how furious Grandma is? I have warned Linda about this so many times. Previously, Grandma never had a birthday banquet, so this is Linda’s first time presenting a gift to Grandma. I was worried that she would buy this! But Linda kept guarding against me and didn’t believe anything I said!” 
Rose’s expression darkened instantly. How dare she contradict me before all these people?
###chapter157
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 157
Chapter 157 Why Did You Mislead Me? 
Linda could not argue with Elisa in this setting. Furthermore, she did not know about Julia’s aversion to jade bracelets. She could not understand how this gift ended up ruining her. 
Julia, who had been silent all this while, suddenly burst into fury and yelled, “Tell her to leave. I don’t want to see her again! Get out!” 
Elisa held Julia’s hand and said with a panicked voice, “Grandma, I’m sorry. It’s my fault.” 
Her face was full of regret as if she blamed herself for not knowing Linda would not believe her warning. She seemed to regret warning Linda and causing this unfortunate incident. 
Linda was bursting with fury. 
That b*tch! 
Julia was shaking and was on the verge of losing her mind from anger. She gripped Elisa’s hand tightly but did not say anything. 
Monica saw the situation and feared Linda would never be able to marry Gareth after this. Thus, she said, “Mom, it happened so long ago, and you weren’t at fault for what happened. Furthermore, this kind of jade will always be in production, so you can’t avoid seeing them. Therefore, you must not keep dwelling on that matter!” 
Gareth turned to Julia and said in a rare gentle tone, “Grandma, you mustn’t keep grieving for the dead.” 
Grieving for the dead?
The crowd had a sudden realization. Grieving for the dead? 
Could the dead be the younger son she had lost many years ago? 
I heard that boy swallowed something which caused his death. Could it have something to do with this jade bracelet? 
Even though no one explained what happened then, everyone could still guess. 
Linda too guessed what had happened and turned pale. 
That’s Grandma’s biggest taboo! 
Damn it! That b*tch! 
Argh! 
How could Elisa trick me this way? 
If she didn’t mention buying this for Grandma, why would I buy them? Elisa tricked me to humiliate me at the banquet. How could she do this to me? 
Linda was panicking, but she controlled her expression to seem helpless and hurt as she looked at Elisa. “Liz, why? Why did you trick me into buying the jade bracelet?” 
Everyone looked at Elisa in disbelief. Did she trick Linda into buying this jade bracelet? 
No wonder Linda refuses to back down even after old Madam Wickam dislikes them. Only an idiot would do this. Elisa probably knows everything. Anyone eager to please old Madam Wickam would have fallen for Elisa’s deception.
It turns out Elisa is a cunning woman. 
Gareth frowned and looked at Elisa coldly. 
However, Elisa seemed confused. “Linda, what are you saying? When did I ever trick you into buying this bracelet?” 
Linda’s expression fell. She suddenly became unsure about revealing the matter. If I bring up the matter to clear my name, everyone would think that I am a hypocrite because… 
But if I don’t reveal it, I won’t be able to clear my name and resolve this misunderstanding with the Wickam family! 
After considering it, Linda decided it was better to reveal it. 
She put on a hurt expression and turned to Elisa. “Elisa, I’m not sure what is the misunderstanding between us, but we are still cousins! I have never hoped to gain anything from you. Have you forgotten what happened at the mall?”
###chapter158
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 158
Chapter 158 How Could She Forgive Elisa? 
The crowd watched Elisa and Linda, waiting for them to confront each other. 
Elisa frowned and looked at Linda incredulously. “What are you talking about?” 
Julia felt like her heart was being stabbed. She gripped Elisa’s hand tightly as if Elisa was her anchor. 
Meanwhile, Elisa held Julia’s hand and said gently, “Grandma, I will always be with you. I won’t ever leave you.” 
Julia could not help but sigh at her words and closed her eyes. Tears flowed from her eyes and fell onto the table. 
Darren felt a pang in his heart and said solemnly, “Julia, you must stay strong!” 
Julia did not speak. She was trying hard to rein in her emotions. 
Then, Gareth held Julia’s other hand. “Grandma.” 
Although he did not say anything else, it was enough to comfort her. 
However, he turned his sharp gaze on Elisa. 
She has been behaving strangely since just now. I would have to be an idiot to not see that she has something to do with this! 
I didn’t know she could be this devious. How dare she hurt Grandma to humiliate Linda? 
Gareth kept resisting his fury. He knew how much Julia loved Elisa. If he exposed her now, it would only break Julia’s heart. Thus, he had no choice but to wait.
On the other hand, Linda grew even more desperate. Everyone thinks that I have gone overboard and that I am at fault. But this is all Elisa’s trap! 
If old Madam Wickam finds out it was Elisa who schemed and brought out her past hurt, would she still love her? 
Suddenly, Linda believed she had a chance to regain her standing. 
She adjusted her expression and said sadly, “Elisa, Shirley and I bumped into you and Rachel when we were shopping. You said you wanted to buy a present for Grandma and asked the shop to wrap a jade bracelet. How can you now say you told me Grandma dislikes jade bracelets, and I refused to believe you?” 
Linda seemed thoroughly disappointed with Elisa. 
Tears fell from her eyes. The sight of her crying made her weak form seem even more pitiful. 
Many could not help but want to go forward and comfort her as they looked at her thin and trembling figure. 
Elisa closed her eyes as if she had nothing to say. 
The crowd was stunned. Does this mean that Elisa’s lies have been exposed, and she doesn’t know what to say? 
That’s to be expected. They must have gone to a large mall, so there is surveillance and many witnesses. Furthermore, there would be records of their purchases. This evidence cannot be erased. Elisa probably thinks she has no way to defend herself. 
Linda sneered in secret. Let’s see how Elisa can wriggle herself out of this!
Julia widened her eyes as she looked at Elisa. 
Elisa… 
It wasn’t that Julia did not trust Elisa. She was only curious about what Elisa would say. 
However, Elisa sighed and turned away as if in guilt. “It’s my fault.” 
The crowd was stunned. 
It’s Elisa? Is she apologizing now because things are not in her favor? 
But there is no use in apologizing. She had hurt old Madam Wickam with her deepest scar. How could she forgive Elisa? 
“Elisa, you…” Julia looked at Elisa in disbelief. 
Elisa sighed before the crowd and looked at Julia remorsefully. “Grandma, I was wrong. It is all my fault.”
###chapter159
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 159
Chapter 159 A Sudden Realization 
Elisa closed her eyes and chose not to speak anymore. 
Linda breathed a sigh of relief. She finally has no way to defend herself! 
Thus, Linda came to Julia and said, “Grandma, I am at fault too. If I had asked around, this wouldn’t have happened. It’s… It’s my fault, Grandma. I hope you won’t blame Elisa. She didn’t know any better.” 
“Didn’t know any better?” Monica sneered. “How can that be so? She is already in her twenties.” 
Monica had always looked down on Elisa and disliked her. Previously, she could only admonish Elisa at home. 
Now that Elisa committed something severe and had wounded Julia’s heart, Monica pretended to be indignant on Julia’s behalf and used the chance to scold Elisa. 
Thus, Monica said furiously, “Elisa, you were a part of the Wickam family for three years. Do you not know how much your grandmother cares about you? She loves you with her whole heart. Yet, you did this to her. How dare you trick Linda into buying this thing? Are you nuts? I am disappointed in you!” 
Gareth frowned and did not say a word. He kept feeling that something was wrong. Elisa is a clever woman and is also a lawyer. I’ve witnessed how eloquent she can be. But why is she not saying anything? 
Meanwhile, Rachel was bursting with fury. She frowned and said, “Elisa, why won’t you tell the truth? Why are you still protecting her? Not only did she refuse to heed your warning, but she even dragged you down to save herself. Has she ever treated you like family?”
Linda narrowed her eyes. 
Damn it! 
Does Elisa still have something under her sleeves? 
She turned to Rachel. “Rachel, what are you saying? How have I mistreated my cousin?” 
Shirley also looked braver than before. She frowned and said, “Rachel, what nonsense is this? Elisa bought the jade bracelet and said she was going to gift this to Old Madam Wickam. How can you say we faked this? There are surveillance recordings and purchase records. Do you want us to bring out the evidence now?” 
Rachel sneered and said, “When Elisa talked about buying a gift for Grandma, she meant my grandmother! Not Old Madam Wickam!” 
Everyone widened their eyes at the new revelation. 
Vincent was astonished. “Damn! It’s another twist!” 
Elisa turned to Rachel. “Rachel…” 
However, Rachel ignored her and looked toward the fifth table from her position. 
She walked to it and said, “Grandma, can you raise your wrist and show everyone your jade bracelet.” 
Old Mrs. Markee understood what was going on, but it was hard for her to say anything at this point. Therefore, she could only raise her wrist gradually. 
The crowd had a sudden realization when they saw that her jade bracelet was similar to the ones Linda tried to gift Julia.
Linda’s expression darkened. 
Her face turned pale, and she shook her head. It’s all Elisa’s tricks! She has been waiting to trap me all this while! Damn you, Elisa! 
Although Julia was sad to see the bracelet, she still breathed a sigh of relief. It doesn’t matter as long as it isn’t Elisa who did it. 
Rachel chuckled and turned to Linda and Shirley. “How dare you say those words just now? How could you wrongfully accuse Elisa?”
###chapter160
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 160
Chapter 160 Vanity and Greed 
Linda shook her head adamantly. “I didn’t…” 
Shirley was anxious and angry. She finally understood what was going on. Thus, she gritted her teeth and said, “It is all part of Elisa’s tricks! She deliberately mentioned before us that she was buying a present for Grandma. She caused us to misunderstand and think she was planning to gift it to Old Madam Wickam! Linda and I thought Old Madam Wickam likes this kind of bracelet, and Linda had searched so hard for them. Yet…” 
At this point, Shirley felt they had no choice but to reveal everything in hope of removing the blame on them. 
However, Rachel chuckled. “My grandmother likes this style of bracelet. Elisa is my best friend, so she bought the bracelet and gave it to my grandmother for her birthday yesterday! Do you two have no shame? Instead of figuring out the right gift yourself, you decided to steal Elisa’s idea!” 
Elisa looked at Rachel and shook her head. “That’s enough, Rachel…” 
Her voice was soft, but it was still audible to the people sitting nearby. 
Linda and Shirley seethed with fury. 
Rose was also panicking. I thought we have a chance to get on Old Madam Wickam’s good side at this banquet. Instead, that b*tch tricked us! 
We all fell for her tricks and offended Old Madam Wickam! 
It was now pointless to explain. Thus, she looked at Julia and shook her head. “Old Madam Wickam, there must be a misunderstanding!”
However, before Julia could say anything, Rachel sneered. “I’ve been wondering how could there be such a coincidence that you bought the same gift. When Elisa bought the gift, both of you weren’t around. After all these accusations, it turns out you were hiding and observing Elisa in secret!” 
Linda seemed even paler than before. She shook her head and wanted to speak, but Rachel chuckled mockingly. 
“Previously, you said you and Elisa are like-minded and likely bought the same presents. It seems what you mean by having the same mind means secretly watching her and finding out what she bought before one-upping her. Elisa only bought one, but you decided to get six pairs!” 
Linda was rendered speechless. 
She took a deep breath but could not speak a word. All she could do was shake her head. 
The crowd looked at Linda unfavorably. 
After all this, it turns out she is only pretending to be nice. 
She kept claiming that Elisa is like a sister to her. Yet, she secretly did all these things against her! What a joke! Thankfully, they exposed her. Otherwise, who knows what else she would do? 
“Rachel…” Elisa got up and tugged Rachel’s hand to make her stop. 
However, Julia sneered in fury and said, “What is the use of hiding at this point? Since she dared to do those things to you, why are you still protecting her?” 
Rachel’s father seemed tense. 
Elisa was close to the Wickam family, so Rachel’s friendship with Elisa would benefit the Markee family.
However, he could not afford to offend the Benett family. Since Rachel’s words had caused immense trouble to the Benett family, he was worried about having to face them in the future. 
Still, he could not stop Rachel now. As Julia did not want Rachel to stop, he would offend the Wickam family by stopping Rachel from speaking. In an instant, he was stuck between a rock and a hard place. 
Rachel looked at Linda with eyes full of disappointment and could not resist scolding, “Previously, I thought you would be a righteous person since you are Elisa’s cousin. I even praised you when Elisa was being interviewed. How can you do such shameless things? You humiliated Elisa before everyone so that you looked better than her. Does that make you happy? Furthermore, you thought Elisa was going to gift a jade bracelet, so you bought more of the same bracelets to one-up her! Aren’t all this from your vanity and greed to win?”
###chapter161
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 161
Chapter 161 Who Is the Bad Person Here? 
Rachel’s father was trembling. Sweetie, can you stop scolding Linda? 
However, Old Madam Wickam might be happy to see her reprimanding Linda, so I would offend the Wickam family if I stop her now! 
Linda shook her head in panic. “No! That’s not true! I thought Liz would send something else with the jade bracelet! That’s why I gifted a few more. I wasn’t trying to one-up Liz!” 
Rachel snorted. “Is this what you mean by having the same mind? You are contradicting yourself here!” 
Julia felt a surge of fury, but she forced it down and said through gritted teeth. “Since you saved Gareth’s life, I won’t hold this incident against you. However, if you want me to live for a few more years, you should never come to my birthday banquet again. I will always remember how much you hurt me whenever I see you!” 
Linda gasped and stumbled a few steps. She shook her head and began to cry. “No… That’s not true. Grandma, I didn’t know…” 
She kept shaking her head sadly. Meanwhile, Shirley was stunned and did not know what to say. 
“You didn’t know. Right, you didn’t know anything. It is I who misunderstood you. But if you truly care about me, don’t ever appear before me again. Please heed my request.” 
Julia suddenly held a hand over her chest. Even though she was seated, she suddenly fell to the side. 
Elisa panicked. “Grandma!”
Gareth immediately supported Julia. Concern broke through his cold demeanor, and his eyes were filled with worries. 
Elisa! This is all her doing! 
Darren stood up with panic and concern. “Wifey!” 
“Mom!” Monica rushed over urgently. A few guests also dashed to them. Everyone seemed worried. 
Elisa immediately grabbed Julia’s wrist and looked anxious. 
However, Julia breathed in softly before gradually standing up. “I’m alright. Don’t worry about me.” 
Gareth and the rest of the Wickam family breathed a sigh of relief once Julia returned to her seat. 
Then, Elisa turned to Linda. “Linda, no one dares to say anything against you because you saved Gareth’s life. However, Grandma is now unwell, so I beg you to leave now. I will go to you afterward to apologize, and you can do anything to me!” 
Linda was so furious that her heart hurt. 
Elisa! Damn you! 
She felt a strong urge to tear Elisa up. 
If she left now, it would amount to proving her guilty. However, if she did not leave, she would have no way to prove her innocence. 
At this moment, all evidence favored Elisa. Thus it was hard for Linda to argue against her. Furthermore, people were looking at her differently from before.
What should I do? How can I get out of this? 
Julia took a deep breath. “Elisa, can you go with me to rest at the back.” 
Elisa got up and supported the pale and weak Julia as they walked toward the back of the banquet together. 
The atmosphere at the banquet became even more awkward after what happened just now. 
Linda called out in panic as Elisa and Julia walked past her, “Grandma…” 
She looked at Julia with eyes full of tears and spoke in a pitiful tone. However, Julia refused to spare her a glance and walked past her. 
Elisa looked at Linda sadly and shook her head, indicating that Linda should leave. 
Everyone who witnessed this felt that Elisa sincerely cared for Linda as her cousin. 
However, some believed it was all a show… 
Vincent frowned and looked at Jeremy. “Tell me. Who do you think is the bad person here?”
###chapter162
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 162
Chapter 162 Return to My Side? 
“One was willing to fight, one was willing to suffer.” Jeremy, who had been silent for a while, said softly. 
Vincent chuckled and refuted, “You can’t say that. Linda obviously just had it coming to her.” 
… 
At that moment, Elisa had already helped Julia to the lounge. Julia was devastated, so Elisa sat beside Julia and said softly, “Grandma, I know that you always feel sad on the same day every year, but… it has been so many years. Can’t you try to forget about it?” 
Julia’s heart was trembling. She raised her head and looked at Elisa, “Elisa, I will never get over it. You will never understand until you experience it…” 
Elisa held Julia’s hand and said solemnly, “Grandma, do you know the reason I went up the mountain and kneeled for this jade toad?” 
Julia was startled. Elisa continued, “I hope you could meditate with the jade toad. The jade toad is really great for healing and longevity.” 
Julia sighed, “You’re a good girl. Grandma had lived for so long. I have no regret even if I die now. The only thing that grandma can’t let go of is you.” 
Elisa clenched Monica’s hand tightly. “Grandma, you are the only one who treats me with kindness. You became my only relative after my dad passed away. Are you going to leave me alone?” 
Although grandma looked tough, her internal organs were already failing due to her depression. If this continues… grandma will not live until her next birthday. That was why Elisa went up to the mountain.
Elisa knew that she wasn’t being considerate for not discussing her adventure with the Wickam family, but she was really afraid that her grandmother would pass away. Grandma and grandpa were so loved up. They had plenty of children and grandchildren who loved them so much. So, Elisa was reluctant to see grandma leaving her happy life so early. 
Besides, she was actually being selfish. Grandma was her only support. If grandma left, her world would collapse. 
Even though the two of them were not related by blood, Grandma has always treated Elisa as her biological granddaughter for the past three years. 
“Grandma…I beg you. Please let it go.” 
Julia was moved by Elisa. Tears welled up in her eyes when she saw Elisa squatting in front of her. She raised a hand and touched Elisa’s cheeks. 
“Good girl, grandma will never leave you.” Julia comforted Elisa. 
Elisa didn’t believe Julia. She shook her head and said, “Grandma, do you believe in fate?” 
Grandma looked puzzled, “What do you mean?” 
Elisa sighed and continued, “Actually, I went to the Lumineer Temple and talked to the Abbot about the knot in grandma’s heart. I needed some advice from him, and he told me that what’s meant to be yours will always be yours. He also told me that your son has already returned to your side.” 
Julia was startled. She asked in a trembling voice, “Return to my side?” 
Elisa nodded, “Yes, he has already returned to your side.” 
Julia was confused.
###chapter163
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 163
Chapter 163 Isn’t That Great? 
Elisa raised her head and looked at Julia, “Grandma, your son is back.” 
Julia’s heart trembled, “Elisa, you…!” 
Julia shook her head and sighed, “Elisa, I know that you are trying to comfort me, but sometimes…” 
Before Julia could finish her words, Elisa said stoutly, “Grandma, I believe you’re aware that the Abbot of Lumineer Temple has never lied. You might not believe me, but you must believe the Abbot. Perhaps we should visit the Abbot at the Lumineer Temple tomorrow.” 
The Abbot was a mover and shaker at the Lumineer Temple. 
Julia looked at Elisa in disbelief, “Elisa, you…” 
Elisa smiled and added, “Grandma, let’s go and meet the Abbot. He might not be able to be your son again, but he could be your grandson. He’s also your flesh and blood!” 
Julia seemed to find a trace of hope and was no longer heartbroken. “Elisa, you’re not lying to grandma, right?” 
“I’ll never!” Elisa said stoutly. 
Julia chuckled, “I knew it. I used to dream about a child telling me that he had never left. He had always been by my side and I should feel him with my heart. Maybe it wasn’t just a dream! He has actually become my grandson!” 
Elisa’s mouth tilted slightly, “Yes, he has always been there!”
However, Elisa was actually guilty. Although the Abbot of Lumineer Temple should not lie, they couldn’t just watch someone die from depression too. Nothing was more important than saving lives. Therefore, the Abbot was willing to help Elisa. 
“Okay! Let’s pay the Abbot a visit tomorrow!” 
Elisa was glad that Julia had regained her hope, so she smiled and replied, “Great!” 
Elisa would never lie to grandma if it weren’t for grandma’s health. This was Elisa’s only chance to help grandma let go of the past. 
Julia had never been so happy after her son passed away. Elisa pursed her lips, “Grandma, don’t be mad at yourself for wearing the jade bracelet anymore. It was just a coincidence. Even if Jonathan hadn’t swallowed the jade bracelet, he might have swallowed other things down.” 
Julia sighed, ” I know, but I still blame myself for wearing that jade bangle. Sigh…” 
Elisa held Julia’s hand, “Grandma, Jonathan is still here! He just happened to be appearing in a different form. Although you and grandpa have taught all your children well, you won’t be able to control the changes in their behavior.” 
Julia was confused, “What do you mean?” 
Elisa pursed her lips, “Grandma, sometimes it isn’t a good thing to have so many children. All children have different characteristics. Some are obedient and some are rebellious. Grandma, if Jerry and Jonathan didn’t get along well and one of them was framing the other, do you think you would be happy as a mother?” 
“The situation is different now. Jonathan had reincarnated. The two were once brothers but had now become father and son. There is no longer any competition or fighting for the family fortune. Isn’t that
great?”
###chapter164
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 164
Chapter 164 Your Favorite Boiled Egg 
Julia frowned, “You are right, but the statement seems a bit bizarre…” 
Grandma was actually an atheist. 
That was why Elisa dared to make up a statement like that. 
Anyone else hearing their conversation would have thought Elisa was making irresponsible comments. 
“Grandma, it takes all kinds to make a world. You have to believe in the Abbot!” 
“Mr. Bridgewood is indeed a very powerful abbot. It’s a deal; let’s go and visit him tomorrow if he is free.” 
Elisa smiled and nodded, “Grandma, your birthday party is still going on. Gareth is waiting for you outside. Don’t you want to enjoy your birthday party? Besides, there are so many guests outside.” 
At that moment, a weight lifted off Elisa’s mind. She was extremely delighted that she had succeeded. 
Elisa finally got the chance to untie the knot in Julia’s heart. 
“Okay, let’s go out.” Julia felt a lot better and wanted to see her grandson so eagerly. 
Elisa helped Julia out. All the guests were slightly surprised when they saw Elisa and Julia. They didn’t expect Julia to come out smiling so happily, as she was outraged when she walked away just now. 
Everyone was startled. They wonder what Elisa had said to cheer Julia up. 
Even Gareth was setting his eyes on Elisa. 
Monica frowned. She was also confused.
Julia did not hurry to sit down. She smiled at her guests, “I’m sorry for the primitive outburst just now. I couldn’t get over the incident which had gone by for so many years. I’m sorry for putting the blame on Linda too. Where’s she? ” 
Monica replied instantly, “Linda was sorry to break your heart, so she left.” 
Elisa rolled her eyes. Leaving the party is the wisest choice she’s made. She would only embarrass herself if she stayed. 
Julia sighed, “Forget about her. I believe everyone here is aware of my past. My youngest son was only one year old when he accidentally broke my jade bracelet. I didn’t know that he had actually picked up the pieces and swallowed them. When I found out about it, he had already…” 
Tears welled up in Julia’s eyes. She couldn’t continue her speech. Elisa held Julia’s hand and said, “Grandma, Jonathan will always be here!” 
Julia nodded while looking at Gareth. 
Gareth could sense his grandma looking at him. He was puzzled, so he looked at Elisa. Elisa didn’t look back. She smiled and said, “I hope everyone understands grandma’s primitive outburst today. Grandma never celebrated her birthday as it was the day Jonathan passed away. Today, grandma has finally gotten over the incident, so I can guarantee that she will never get mad over occasions like this again in the future. Therefore everyone, please continue the feast.” 
“No worries! We understand. Mrs. Wickam, Ms. Benett is right. Jonathan will always be there for you. He will never forget about his great mother!” 
Darren glanced at Elisa in surprise. He got up and walked toward Julia, “Come here, I have cooked a bowl of longevity noodles for you. Come and eat your favorite boiled egg.”
Julia’s heart trembled. She and Darren started their business from scratch. They were penniless back then. However, Darren would always cook her a bowl of longevity noodles and her favorite boiled egg during her birthdays, regardless of how busy he was.
###chapter165
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 165
Chapter 165 To Convince You 
Julia was moved, “Darren…” 
She thought that Darren had forgotten about their happy memories. 
Darren sighed, “Come on, let’s see if I still cook well.” 
Elisa smiled and watched Darren helping Julia to the table. 
She took a quick glance at the people around her. Shirley had not left, but she wasn’t as arrogant as before. 
She then turned to look at Rachel. She was drinking and eating with her friends. 
Everyone was enjoying the party. 
At the same time, Gareth walked toward Elisa and said, “Come with me.” 
He then walked toward the door. 
Elisa frowned. Although she didn’t want to, she had to tell Gareth what happened just now, so that grandma wouldn’t find out about her lies. 
Everyone was surprised to see the divorced couple walking out together. 
Gareth heard their gossiping but didn’t care. 
Gareth stopped at a corner with no surveillance cameras and turned to look at Elisa. 
At that moment, Gareth felt as if great distance separated them.
Elisa knew Gareth’s purpose in calling her to the side. She didn’t want to talk to Gareth or waste their time, so she told Gareth directly. 
“I have visited the Abbot of Lumineer Temple. He has agreed to help me on this matter. You know how weak grandma is. If I’m not giving her hope, she might not be able to live till next year.” 
It was rare that Gareth did not mock her. He asked Elisa with mixed feelings, “So?” 
Gareth knew that he had misunderstood Elisa just now. Elisa wanted to untie the knot in grandma’s heart, so she deliberately guided Linda to buy a jade bracelet similar to the one Jonathan broke. 
Elisa pursed her lips, “I will take grandma to visit Mr. Bridgewood at Lumineer Temple tomorrow. He will tell grandma that her youngest son has never left. He has reincarnated.” 
Gareth frowned. No wonder grandma looked at me when Elisa said Jonathan has always been here when they walked out just now. 
Gareth couldn’t help laughing, “So you told grandma I am her reincarnated youngest son.” 
Elisa looked at him and retorted, “It’s a price you need to pay! You have to help grandma!” 
Gareth was speechless. 
He gritted his teeth. He was willing to help grandma, but he hated being manipulated by others, especially Elisa! 
The evil woman whom he hated so much! 
Gareth remained silent, so Elisa frowned and added, “I’ll take that as a yes. Goodbye.”
Elisa immediately turned around and left. She was in a hurry when she accidentally tripped. ‘Ah,’ Elisa couldn’t stand still. She felt as though the world was spinning. When she returned to her senses, she was already in Gareth’s arms. 
Gareth’s heart was beating fast. 
Elisa frowned and stood still. Her heart was beating fast when she shouted, “What are you doing?” 
She was struggling to push Gareth away, but Gareth didn’t let her go. He lowered his head and looked at her, “Elisa, are you trying to seek my attention after we got divorced? Are you trying to make me fall in love with you?” 
Elisa was shocked, but she burst into laughter the next second. “How much effort do I have to put in to convince you?” 
Gareth frowned, but Elisa continued without hesitation. “I’m not a fool. I know you love Linda. So, I will never do something stupid to seek your attention. Let’s break up on good terms. Don’t worry, I will never pester you.”
###chapter166
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 166
Chapter 166 I’ll Leave, I’ll Leave! 
Elisa tried to get away from Gareth again, but failed. Elisa then shouted angrily, “Let go of me!” 
Gareth was heartbroken and outraged by Elisa’s words. 
“Elisa! I know you’re trying to get back with me! I’ll give you a chance to remarry me, but you have to stop playing dirty tricks on me and stop getting close to Will!” 
Elisa was speechless. 
She was dumbfounded at Gareth’s narcissistic behavior. 
Gareth frowned. Is she seeking my attention now? Her expression… Is she seeing me as a fool who gives in easily? 
Gareth was irritated by Elisa. 
All of a sudden, Elisa lifted her leg and stepped on Gareth’s foot! 
Elisa was wearing a stiletto heel when she stomped on Gareth’s foot. Gareth grunted and took a step back. Elisa felt relieved after breaking free from Gareth’s arms. 
“Elisa!” 
Seeing Gareth outraged by her behavior, Elisa gritted her teeth and said, “Gareth, don’t be a narcissist! Even though you’re born with a silver spoon, you shouldn’t think that everyone would fall on their knees for you!” 
At that moment, Elisa’s heart was actually beating fast.
She was flustered when she fell into Gareth’s arms. 
She thought she could give up on Gareth easily, but she just came to realize that she was totally heartbroken when being held in his arms! 
The memories she was trying to hide flashed through her mind. She loved him so deeply that she felt torn apart when they got divorced. 
Elisa took a deep breath and tried to control her emotions. No! I should never look back. No matter how much I love this man, I shouldn’t have had an entanglement with him! 
Gareth stared angrily at Elisa, “Well Elisa, I’m impressed!” 
He turned away and went back to the birthday party. 
Elisa felt relieved when Gareth left. 
If it wasn’t for her strong willpower, she might have fallen down. 
Vincent was bored, so when he saw Gareth and Elisa walking out together, he also planned to go out for a walk. He didn’t expect to see Gareth coming back so quickly when he walked out the door. He took a quick glance around but didn’t see Elisa. 
He was curious, so he asked Gareth, “Hey, where’s Elisa? Why did you ask her out?” 
Gareth felt irritated when he heard Elisa’s name. “Stop meddling in my personal affairs!” 
Vincent was speechless. 
Was I meddling?
Vincent lowered his head and that was when he saw a scratch on Gareth’s shiny leather shoes. It seemed as if he had been stepped on. 
Vincent, whom women always surrounded, understood at once that Elisa had taught Gareth a lesson. 
Vincent couldn’t help laughing. 
“Gareth, does your foot hurt?” 
Gareth stared murderously at Vincent. 
Vincent knew he had to run for his life immediately. “I’ll leave, I’ll leave!” 
After speaking, he rushed into the banquet hall. 
He only burst into laughter after sitting down beside Jeremy. 
Some of the guests were frowning and shaking their heads at Vincent’s frivolous attitude; others were curious about what transpired. 
Did he go out to look for Gareth Wickam just now? 
Did something happen to Gareth Wickam? 
Jeremy looked at Vincent and asked, “What are you laughing at?”
###chapter167
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 167
Chapter 167 How Can He Walked on One Foot? 
Vincent laughed and replied, “You have absolutely no idea what I just saw!” 
Jeremy frowned and remained silent. He was waiting patiently for his response. 
Vincent leaned over to Jeremy and whispered, “I saw scratches on Gareth’s shiny shoe. I believe Elisa put a lot of effort while stepping on his shoes! He looked totally deflated!” 
Jeremy was shocked. Elisa must be his nightmare. 
A total nightmare. 
And a knot in his heart. 
Vincent was in a good mood, “I’ve never seen him looking so wretched. But I didn’t see her when I went out just now.” 
He was referring to Elisa. 
When Jeremy raised his head, he saw Gareth walking in. 
He was alone. Elisa had not gone back. 
Elise never showed up, even after a long while. Gareth frowned. What is she making a fuss about? 
Julia had already eaten half of her noodles. She was finally in a good mood. Darren breathed a sigh of relief when he saw her finally regain her appetite. 
Julia realized that Elisa wasn’t back yet when she had almost finished her noodles. She frowned and looked at Gareth, “Where is Elisa? What did you do to her just now?”
Gareth frowned and subconsciously looked toward the door again. It has been ten minutes since I sit down. She should have reached here even if she was crawling back! 
Jerry frowned and asked, “Did you bully her again?” 
Gareth sneered coldly, “How dare I.” 
I am the one being bullied, and I am the one covered in scars! 
Julia frowned and said nervously, “She must be in trouble. Hurry up and look for her!” 
Julia was trying to match them up. 
She was creating opportunities for them to meet up privately. 
Gareth didn’t want to, as he was outraged by Elisa’s harsh words toward him just now. “She has legs. She can walk back herself.” 
After speaking, he picked up his chopsticks and prepared to eat. 
But Julia took his chopsticks away, “Stinky boy! I was in a good mood just now. If Elisa goes missing, I’ll kill you! It’s so late now, and she’s alone outside. Aren’t you worried? Find her immediately! Otherwise, I’m canceling this birthday party!” 
Gareth was speechless. 
He closed his eyes to calm himself down. After a while, he finally compromised. “Alright, I’ll go.” 
Monica was unhappy about the current situation. They had already divorced. What is that evil woman trying to do? Can she just cut it out? 
What does she like so much about Elisa? Is she that good?
She’s always scheming and fighting against the Wickam family! 
Why is Julia always favoring the outsider? 
Gareth was looking for Elisa. His legs were still hurting. She definitely used all her strength just now! 
Gareth tried to quell his anger on his way. 
… 
Tears welled up in Elisa eyes. She wouldn’t have stomped on Gareth’s foot so hard if she knew she was going to end up this way. 
She couldn’t even stand still now! 
She never had thought that expensive shoes could have such poor quality. After stepping on Gareth and walking for a few steps, one of Elisa’s heels broke. 
My heels are twelve centimeters tall. How can I walk with only one heel left? 
She was busy coaxing her grandmother earlier, so she didn’t take her bag with her. Therefore, she couldn’t make any phone calls to ask for help. 
Besides, she was in a quiet zone with no surveillance cameras around. So, the only one she could rely on was herself. 
She could have taken off her shoes and walked barefoot, but there were too many bugs scattered across the grass. She was just too afraid to step on those little bugs.
###chapter168
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 168
Chapter 168 It Never Rains but It Pours 
She was holding on the tree with one hand while hopping on one leg. 
She was still trying to find the way back. 
Gareth, who backtracked, finally reached Elisa. He was startled to see fear on Elisa’s face. 
She was always graceful and gentle during their three years of marriage. She was sweet and gorgeous too. She used to be a qualified wife to him. 
He had never seen her sneered, being sarcastic, disdainful, or annoyed. 
But at that moment, Elisa finally showed her true self. 
Elisa could sense someone looking at her. She raised her head with anticipation. She needed someone to make a call to Rachel. 
But… 
She did not expect the person to be Gareth. He was looking at her as if she was a clown. 
Elisa pulled a long face at him. 
It never rains but it pours. Why am I seeing this jinx everywhere? 
Gareth was amused by her appearance. His mouth tilted slightly. 
He slowly approached her and said softly, “Elisa, I’ll bring you back if you beg me.” 
Elisa was outraged by his teasing, “Mind your own business!”
Gareth stared murderously at Elisa. 
Elisa looked to the front and took a deep breath. I’ll just hop back. It’s no big deal! 
She was still holding on to the tree while looking at the grass in front of her. She hesitated for a while, then slowly took a step forward. 
But… 
She was wearing a twelve centimeters heel. It was impossible for her to walk with such a significant height difference between the left and right leg. 
Elisa had just taken her first step out, but unfortunately, she still fell to the right. 
She couldn’t hold on to the tree as the tree was behind her, and she was falling forward. 
Elisa hurriedly stretched her hand out and was preparing to hit the ground. 
But… 
She was grabbed by the waist by a strong man. Elisa, who was already in shock, looked even more flustered. 
I would choose to fall to the ground rather than be grabbed on the waist by this jinx! 
Gareth stared icily at Elisa, “You can’t even walk properly. What are you trying to prove?” 
Elisa was speechless. 
I don’t even need your help if it wasn’t for the bugs.
But she didn’t clap back as she was actually in need of help now. However, she stood straight, hopped on one leg, and replied stubbornly. “Let go of me. I can walk by myself.” 
“You can walk by yourself?” Gareth was really annoyed. “Elisa, I’ll let go of you now. I’ll like to see how you walked!” 
After speaking, Gareth immediately let his hands off Elisa. Elisa wasn’t ready, so she fell to the right at once! 
Elisa was speechless. 
She took a deep breath and prepared to land on the ground. 
But the next second, Gareth held onto her again. 
Elisa was outraged by his fluctuating behavior, so she shouted, “Gareth, what are you trying to do?” 
Gareth sneered coldly, “You can’t walk back without me!” 
Elisa was really angry. She didn’t want to have any physical contact or conversations with him now. She shouted back, “I would rather crawl back! Let go of me!” 
Gareth was getting impatient with her. How he wished to just leave her there alone. 
But the next second, he managed to calm himself down. He gritted his teeth and threatened, “Elisa, don’t provoke me again before I run out of patience! If it wasn’t for grandma, I would never come out to find you!”
###chapter169
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 169
Chapter 169 Lose Her Temper 
Elisa was still struggling, so Gareth shouted angrily, “Grandma said that she will cancel her birthday party if I can’t bring you back. Elisa, please behave!” 
In a split second, Elisa stopped moving. 
She knew that grandma was trying to pair them up, so she wasn’t surprised about what Gareth had said. 
If it wasn’t for grandmother, he will never force herself to come. 
Suddenly, Gareth lifted Elisa in his arms. 
Elisa didn’t scream or shout when she fell down just now, but when Gareth carried her, she exclaimed. 
“Gareth!” 
She subconsciously held onto Gareth’s neck, but immediately let it go again. “Put me down. Just give me a hand when I walk back.” 
“Do you think I want to carry you?” Gareth was annoyed. 
Although Gareth was talking to Elisa in an angry manner, he held Elisa really tightly in his arms. Even though Elisa wasn’t holding onto his neck, she didn’t fall too. 
Elisa was furious. We never had any physical intimacy while we were married, but now… It’s really inappropriate as we have just gotten a divorce. 
Seeing that Gareth was about to carry her into the banquet hall, Elisa panicked, “Where are you taking me? Let’s go through the back door!”
Gareth pulled a face at her, “Don’t you know that you are really heavy?” 
Gareth didn’t want to take a detour to go to the back door. 
Elisa became even more anxious when Gareth almost reached the door, “Then put me down! I’ll go in by myself! Are you crazy? There are so many people inside. What will they think of us?” 
Gareth ignored Elisa and walked straight in. 
The securities who were standing by the door were shocked to see the two coming back together. However, after Gareth gave them a murderous look, they quickly opened the door for them. 
Elisa was really nervous. 
“Gareth!” 
Elisa gritted her teeth and whispered, but it was completely useless. All the guests had saw the divorced couple being all lovey-doves again! 
Rachel was dumbfounded when she saw them. What’s the situation right now? 
Carle was having mixed feelings. He got up, but Sheena quickly pulled him down. “Elisa’s heel broke, so she couldn’t walk herself.” 
Obviously, many people had noticed the scene, but they still felt a little weird. 
On the contrary, Vincent burst out in laughter while looking at Jeremy, “It’s exactly as you said!” 
Jeremy pursed his lips and remained silent.
The two of them were happily talking about Gareth’s shoes just now. But after waiting for a while, Vincent started to worry. “Where did Elisa go? Why hasn’t she returned?” 
Jeremy took a glance at Gareth, then replied Vincent, “Why are you worrying if Elisa is not coming back?” 
“I’m just curious. Did Gareth tell her off?” Vincent shrugged. 
Jeremy replied coldly, “Someone will go and look for her if she has really disappeared.” 
… 
It was exactly as Jeremy said. Gareth not only cared about Elisa, but also carried her back too. 
At that moment, although Rachel was angry, she felt pity that Linda wasn’t there. If Linda sees them together, she would definitely lose her temper! 
All the guests were staring at the both of them. Julia’s eyes lit up as she saw her grandson carrying Elisa in his arms. 
Monica could sense something going on. She turned and looked over too.
###chapter170
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 170
Chapter 170 Don’t Say Such Sh*tty Things! 
Monica was outraged. 
She couldn’t control her emotions! 
Jerry’s mouth tilted slightly when he saw the scene. 
Darren was having mixed feelings, but mostly feeling the unpleasant ones. 
Gareth put Elisa down to her seat under the watchful eyes of the guests. 
When Gareth stood back up, he actually missed the feeling of having Elisa in his arms. 
Elisa was too embarrassed to face all the guests. She lowered her head and was blushing. Everyone was staring curiously at the both of them which made Elisa feel really ashamed! 
Gareth’s mouth tilted slightly when he glanced down at her. 
After that, he instructed the butler to get something for him, then returned to his seat. 
Monica was outraged, “Ms. Benett, you can’t even walk yourself now?” 
Elisa pursed her lips and remained silent. Jerry stared icily at Monica and replied, “Can’t you see that her heels are broken?” 
Julia hadn’t noticed it as well. She was busy looking at Gareth carrying Elisa in his arms. Now that she had heard people talking about the heels, she turned and looked at Elisa again. 
She was really worried, “How on earth did your heel break?” 
Gareth sneered.
Elisa took a deep breath and explained, “I was not being careful.” 
Monica gritted her teeth, “Elisa, since you guys have divorced, don’t ever think that my son will remarry you!” 
Gareth frowned while Elisa nodded, “Don’t worry, that won’t happen!” 
Gareth became angrier. 
Julia sighed helplessly, “Come here and eat, Elisa. You haven’t eaten anything yet. Don’t starve yourself.” 
Elisa nodded obediently. The atmosphere at the table seemed a little awkward. 
Darren was calming himself down too. If it wasn’t for Julia’s birthday, he would definitely have scolded Monica. 
As for Vincent… 
He was still curious, “By the way, what the heck was Gareth thinking? He was being so mean to Elisa when they haven’t divorced. But now, he is carrying her under everyone’s attention. What is he up to?” 
“He always thinks differently.” Jeremy didn’t want to judge. 
Vincent turned to look at Jeremy, “What do you mean? Do you know something I don’t know? Tell me!” 
“He was jealous.” Jeremy said calmly. He knew that Jeremy wouldn’t give up until he gets the answer. 
Vincent hesitated and said, “So, Gareth still treated Elisa as his although they have divorced. I think he wasn’t just jealous. I think he actually likes Elisa, but he didn’t want to admit!”
Jeremy smiled, “Who knows? I can’t read his mind.” 
Vincent’s mouth tilted slightly when he drank his wine. “Wait for my answer. I’ll sound him out tomorrow.” 
Jeremy stared icily at Vincent, “Do you wish to die?!” 
“Don’t say such sh*tty things!” 
Jeremy and Vincent were talking and laughing. 
The butler who went to get Gareth’s stuffs had come back. 
He was holding a shoebox in his hand while walking slowly toward Elisa. 
Mr. Jones said respectfully, “Ms. Benett, these are the shoes specially prepared for you.” 
Elisa took over the shoes gratefully, “Thank you, Mr. Jones.” 
Mr. Jones coughed as he did not dare to take the credit, “It was Mr. Wickam who asked me to prepare them for you.”
###chapter171
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 171
Chapter 171 Gareth, You Truly Have Great Taste! 
Elisa’s hand trembled and Gareth stared murderously at her. 
Julia immediately added, “Elisa, hurry up and change your shoes! Otherwise, how can you walk? Gareth, carry Elisa to the lounge.” 
Gareth was speechless. 
He didn’t stand up. Elisa refused too. “No, it’s alright. I’ll ask my friend to take me there.” 
Elisa waved at Rachel. 
Rachel saw her, so she quickly patted Sheena who was sitting next to her. Both of them walked toward Elisa together. 
Elisa breathed a sigh of relief. 
Gareth continued eating and remained silent. 
At that point, Julia wanted to teach Gareth a lesson. 
Rachel was holding Elisa’s right arm, and Sheena held her left arm. The three of them were slowly walking to the lounge. 
Rachel couldn’t bear it any longer after going into the lounge. She asked Elisa angrily, “Elisa, what’s wrong with you? How did your expensive shoes break so easily? The quality of your shoes is really bad!” 
Elisa’s face stiffened. Sheena obviously knew something was going on. She sized Elisa up, “Elisa, how did you break your heels?”
Sheena asked as she opened the shoe box for Elisa. 
Elisa took off her high heels and replied helplessly, “I accidentally broke it. Maybe today is not my day.” 
“Wow. A million dollar shoes! How lucky are you!” Rachel couldn’t believe it. 
Sheena didn’t say anything because she was stunned when she saw the shoes in her hands, “What a beautiful crystal heels.” 
Elisa and Rachel looked over together. The crystal heels were transparent, so Elisa’s feet could be seen when she put on the heels. 
it was the kind of heels that even if you have all the money in the world, the crystal heels wouldn’t look good on you if you do not have beautiful feet! 
The workmanship of the heels was exquisite too. Even though the heels were made of just crystal, it was decorated with diamond rhinestones. As the light moved through the heels, it would sparkle. The crystal heels were indeed classy. 
“These heels are stunning! Luckily, Elisa’s feet are fair and pretty too. Elisa would definitely look elegant in these heels! Elisa, these heels are prettier than the heels you broke!” 
Elisa blinked her eyes but remained silent. 
Elisa had no choice but to wear the only one pair of heels now, “Give it to me.” 
Sheena took out the shoes, bent over, and put them on the ground. Elisa wore the crystal heels on directly. 
“Gareth knows you well. These heels fit perfectly!” Rachel sneered.
But Sheena looked worriedly at Elisa, “Elisa, you two…” 
Elisa sighed, “It was just an accident. I didn’t expect us to end up like this. Forget it, let’s go out. Grandma is still waiting for me.” 
“Okay.” 
When the three of them walked out, all the guests set their eyes on Elisa’s feet. Envy and jealousy could be seen from their faces when they saw the extremely beautiful and transparent crystal heels on Elisa’s feet! 
Elisa was not only pretty, but her feet looked beautiful too! 
Gareth was stunned by Elisa. But the next moment, he frowned in anger again. 
Monica couldn’t understand the expressions on Gareth’s face. 
However, Julia was surprised to see the heels. “Those heels are stunning! Gareth, you truly have great taste!”
###chapter172
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 172
Chapter 172 Still A Part of The Family 
Gareth, “…” 
Elisa heard what was said when she walked over. She coughed and sat down. 
Julia chuckled, “Gareth, just because the both of you are divorced does not mean that you are allowed to treat Elisa badly. Elisa is practically my own granddaughter! And I love her as such! You need to be good to her! Now go and pick out some designs and have them tailor made for her!” 
“Grandma…” Gareth frowned. 
He was obviously frustrated. 
Monica’s expression darkened. Before she could say something, Elisa interjected, “Grandma, I have more than enough clothes. I don’t need more.” 
Julia smiled warmly at Elisa, “My sweet child, of course I know you have more than enough clothes, but he can buy you much better ones!” 
She then turned to Gareth and scolded him, “Don’t argue with me! You must select at least fifty pieces of on trend quality clothing for me to review! Otherwise, you’ll have to answer to me!” 
Gareth’s expression darkened like a storm cloud. 
Elisa’s expression changed too. They spoke at the same time. 
“Grandma.” 
“Grandma.”
They exchanged glances and quickly looked away. 
The elderly woman was excited exclaimed, “It’s my birthday! And therefore, my word is law! Are you going to buy them or not?!” 
“Fine!” Gareth was irritated. 
Julia chuckled. She smiled happily at Elisa, “Are you going to accept them or not?!” 
Elisa wanted to say no but her refusal disappeared when she saw how excited Julia was. “Fine.” 
“D*mn right!” Julia went back to eating her noodles. She devoured every single piece and rubbed her belly. “You old fart, why did you give me so much food? You know I don’t eat as much as I used to. I’m about to burst!” She sighed exasperatedly. 
Darren frowned, “You didn’t have to finish it all!” 
“I wouldn’t have finished it if you hadn’t cooked it yourself!” Julia complained. 
Darren suddenly didn’t know how to respond to that. Finally, he sighed, “I’ll cook more often in the future, so don’t push yourself next time, okay?” 
“Fine! You said it, not me! You must keep your promise! Elisa and Gareth too!” Julia smiled wide. 
Darren, “…” 
“Fine! Fine! We’ll do as you say.” 
This is the happiest birthday Julia had had in recent years.
She couldn’t help but blurt out, “This is the happiest birthday I’ve had in ten years! And it’s all thanks to you, Elisa!” 
Julia held onto Elisa’s hand tightly, but Elisa shook her head vehemently. “Grandma, I…” 
“Don’t worry about it. Grandma understands.” 
Elisa, “…” 
What did Grandma understand? Why didn’t she understand? 
This dinner was extremely successful! 
Elisa had to stay back with the rest of the Wickams when the banquet ended. Julia had ordered her to help send the guests off as part of the family. 
Elisa was both exasperated and yet touched. By ordering her to do this, Julia was telling everyone that even though they were divorced, she was still an important part of the Wickam family. 
The guests left in confusion. Elisa had done two major things that affected the Wickam family. How was it that they have seemed to set aside their differences and made up?
###chapter173
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 173
Chapter 173 I’ve Succeeded 
Elisa turned to Julia when all the guests had left, “Grandma, it’s about time for me to go.” 
Julia was reluctant to see her leave, but she nodded helplessly, “Okay, stay safe.” 
“I’ll come pick you up tomorrow.” Elisa could tell that Grandma didn’t want her to leave. She smiled sweetly at her. 
Julia smiled and nodded her head. Noticing Gareth who was standing like an idiot next to her, she wanted nothing more but to kick him in the butt! 
“Hurry up and send Elisa home! Are you going to make a young girl like her go home alone?” 
Gareth’s face was like a storm cloud. “Grandma!” 
Elisa quickly stepped in, “I’m fine, Grandma! There’s really no need for him to. My friends are waiting for me outside. I’m going home with them.” 
“Friends?” Julia asked curiously. 
“Yes, you know Rach and Sheen. I really got to go, Grandma.” She replied. 
She was about to leave without waiting for Julia’s answer. She hesitated slightly when she remembered that Gareth had bought the shoes she was wearing, but she disregarded that and went her way. 
The last pair of heels were thrown away because of him. It only made sense for him to pay for these ones. 
Elisa walked out on the heels with her head held high.
Rachel and the others were watching the door, waiting for Elisa to appear. Carle immediately rolled down the window and called out when he saw her, “Elisa.” 
Elisa smiled widely as she came their way. 
Gareth, who Julia had forced to make sure Elisa was alright, stood at the door and saw Elisa hopping into the car. Through the open window, he saw that Carle was driving! His expression darkened considerably. 
But no one noticed him, they were all busy looking at Elisa. 
Elisa was surprised to see that they had left the front passenger seat for her. She opened the door and sat. 
After she was settled, Carle rolled up her window for her and they drove off. 
Rachel was in a great mood. “What a wonderful day it is! Seeing that b*tch put in her place makes me want to celebrate!!” 
Sheena chuckled, “That’s a great idea! How does karaoke sound? Are you guys free tonight? It’s been a while since all of us went out and had fun!” 
Carle laughed, “I’m cool with that.” 
He drove slowly, waiting for them to decide where to go. 
Elisa lifted a brow, “No issues here.” 
Rachel laughed out loud, “Let’s go go go! What good timing! I’ve been feeling kinda bored lately!” 
Carle smiled and increased speed, “The usual place then.”
Not long after, they arrived. They entered a private room and Rachel immediately selected a few songs to start them off. Everyone was in a good mood. 
“I wonder how Linda must be feeling right now? Do you think she’s crying?” Rachel spoke into the microphone. 
Sheena scoffed, “Her? Cry? She’s probably cursing Elisa out right now. I didn’t expect her to try to pull a fast one on Elisa. Hey, have you always known that your cousin was this conniving? Otherwise, you wouldn’t have been so ready for that.” 
Elisa sighed, “I was just testing her. I didn’t really think that she would fall for it. Besides, I didn’t really do it to spite her.” 
“Then why did you do it?” Sheena was puzzled. Carle looked at her curiously. 
Elisa smirked, “I’ve succeeded.” 
She then told them what her true motive was. 
Both were shocked. “You’re crazy! This could have been a dagger into Old Madam Wickam’s heart if you had failed! Aren’t you afraid that the Wickams would blame you for this?”
###chapter174
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 174
Chapter 174 There’s No Way I Can Redeem Myself! 
Elisa laughed helplessly, “I didn’t really have the time to think it through. I just wanted to snap Grandma out of her delusions.” 
Meanwhile, Rachel had just finished selecting her songs. She came over and sat down on the couch. She then handed everyone a can of the beer that Carle had brought. “C’mon everyone! We’re all getting drunk tonight! Let’s congratulate Elisa on her success tonight!” 
“Cheers!” 
All of them were in a good mood. After some drinks, Carle turned to Elisa and asked, “What happened to those shoes you were wearing today?” 
Elisa froze before saying in a small voice, “I tripped and broke a heel. I didn’t have my phone on me and couldn’t call you guys. When I took too long to get back to her, Grandma sent Gareth to come looking for me. And well, you guys know what happened next.” 
Elisa was still wearing the pair of crystal bedazzled shoes. 
Carle was filled with bitterness. How could he compare to Gareth Wickam? 
Sheena patted him on the shoulder. “Don’t dwell on it! Here! Drink up! No matter how or what happened, Elisa succeeded! Right now, I’m much more curious on what that b*tch’s next move will be.” 
“Hahaha! Didn’t you say that she is busy cursing Elisa out? Oh wait, she’s probably doing the same to me. Who knows, she might even hate me too!” Rachel said without care. 
Elisa frowned, whereas Rachel continued to laugh, “My dad must be furious! He can’t afford to make enemies of both the Wickams and the Benetts. If he stops me, he’ll offend the Wickams, but if he
doesn’t, it’ll be an insult to the Benetts. He’s stuck between a rock and a hard place. It serves him right!” 
Elisa looked conflicted, “Did he call you?” 
“Didn’t you see me turn my phone off? If I hadn’t, it’ll probably be ringing off the hook! Nothing makes me happier than being able to offend the Benetts. My dad has been taking it easy. Living his life with that mistress of his. She’s even given birth to a b*stard child. It’s just something to keep him busy so that he won’t come bothering me.” 
Sheena sighed with exasperation. “You can’t go on like this. He’s still your father.” 
“I have no father! What I have are my two mothers!” 
She then picked up the microphone. “That’s enough talk about that. Let’s turn it up! I’m going to sing, who’s singing with me?” 
Rachel started to belt out some notes. 
Even though there were some hiccups along the way today, it all ended well, and they were all in a good mood. Rachel started to dance. 
Meanwhile, somewhere else, the vibe was doom and gloom. 
Crash! 
Slam!! 
Smash!!
Crash following crash. The floor was littered with broken items and water. The floor gleamed and rippled when light shone on it. 
But this did not stop Linda. She finally stopped when there was nothing else, she could break! 
She punched her bed in anger. She had never felt such rage ever since she had woken up from her coma! 
This was all because of Elisa! 
Rose’s expression was sombre. Noman glared at Linda, “Are you done? Do you think breaking things will solve our problems?!” 
Linda was filled with fury. “What else can I do?!” She screamed. “Elisa has succeeded in embarrassing me in front of all the affluent families in the city! There’s no way I’ll be able to redeem myself!”
###chapter175
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 175
Chapter 175 Had So Much Fun 
Rose took a deep breath, “Mrs. Wickam just called and told me that Old Madam Wickam is feeling much better now. She also said that someone will come see you and that they will overlook this.” 
Linda gritted her teeth, “Why does it matter if they overlook this? Now everyone will think that I’m a hypocrite! They’ll think that I made up stories about my relationship with Elisa. Elisa was kind enough to remind me, but I acted like the dog who bit the hand that fed me! I even tried to surpass her! How will I ever clear my name?!” 
She had spent years protecting her image, and now it was all for naught! Elisa had torn apart her fa?ade! 
“Gareth barely said a word to me today! He even glared at me! He doesn’t love me anymore! How will I face him now? What will people say about me?!” 
Rose tried to talk sense into her. “The Benett name still holds some worth. No one would dare speak ill of you. Linda, dear, don’t worry about your image. Your priority right now is to make sure Gareth marries you. We’re all businessmen here. This will benefit all parties. No matter what they say about you, you are still the person who saved Gareth’s life.” 
Norman nodded seriously, “That’s right. We can slowly try to fix what Elisa said about you. There’s still a chance you can comeback from this. Don’t give up so easily! There is no chance the Wickams will call this off!” 
Hearing this, Linda finally managed to calm down. 
The both of them knew that they needed to give her some space to vent after what had happened earlier.
Even though Linda was still angry, she knew that her parents were right. 
She frowned, “What should I do next?” 
Right now, her emotions were in a mess. She was also afraid that Gareth no longer had any feelings for her. 
But her parents were right. Sometimes mutual benefits outweigh feelings. Sooner or later, Gareth and she were going to be married. 
“We’ll invite Elisa over tomorrow and let them know that the both of you are friendly. As for you, just continue what you’re doing and build a good image for yourself. Pretend to set aside what had happened in the past. Remember, you are kind and forgiving. She’s your cousin and you’re willing to let this go.” 
Linda narrowed her eyes but nodded in agreement. 
“That’s right,” Rose added, “Monica highly approves on your marriage with Gareth. I’ll sit down with her and find a solution together. If possible, there are ways to make sure that this cannot be reversed.” 
Linda’s features tensed. “Mom…” 
She wasn’t embarrassed. It’s just… She had never done this before, and Gareth wasn’t someone who would easily give in to that! 
Besides, she was a girl. How would she even bring this up to him? Won’t he think that she was too easy? 
“The past is the past. What we must do is hold onto the future. Just wait. I’ll give you what you wish.” Rose said coldly.
Linda looked at her in surprise, “How will you do that, Mom?” 
“Don’t worry about that. Do what you must to protect your image and don’t leave the house after tomorrow. We don’t know who’s watching. Do the best you can. Tomorrow, we’ll go to the Wickam residence to pay Old Madam Wickam a visit.” 
“Okay.” Linda nodded. 
She felt much more assured now that her parents had planned everything out for her. 
It was late at night now, and Linda felt less anxious. 
As for Elisa and her friends, they were having the night of their lives.
###chapter176
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 176
Chapter 176 Go Find Out What’s Wrong with Her 
Rachel held a beer in her hand as she danced around the room. Sheena chortled loudly without a care in the world. 
Elisa had drunk quite a lot. She leaned back into the couch and rubbed her temples. 
Carle was the only one who was sober. 
He slowly moved closer to her. He took the bottle away from her and handed her a glass of water. “If you drink anymore, your head is going to feel worse.” 
Elisa could barely open her eyes. Her face was flushed from drinking. “Okay,” She giggled. 
She was tipsy but she still had her senses intact. 
She slowly stood up. “I need to go to the toilet.” 
Carle was quiet. Rachel had entered the toilet and the door had shut behind her. Elisa was about to walk out of the room. 
Carle frowned in concern, “Elisa.” 
“Don’t worry. I’m not that drunk. I just had a little beer.” 
Elisa had a slight headache, but she could still walk without any issue. Carle frowned, still not convinced. 
Elisa soon reached the public restrooms. The karaoke rooms were designed so that each private room had their own toilets. Therefore, not many people had to use the public ones. Elisa washed her hands
and exited the toilets. She wasn’t paying attention and bumped into someone when she rounded the corner. 
Ring… 
Her head was already hurting before, and the impact only made it worse! 
The man she bumped into smelled her familiar scent and the scent of alcohol that came from her. He caught her to prevent her from falling over and looked closely at her, “Elisa?” 
The familiar masculine voice brought Elisa to her senses. She took a step back and blurted out in surprise, “Mr. Darcey?” 
Will chuckled. “It must be destined for us to keep bumping into each other. Have you been drinking?” 
Will was surprised. From what he remembered, Elisa disliked drinking as drinking only led to problems. What was going on? 
Noticing that Elisa was still rubbing her temples, he frowned. “What are you doing drinking so much? I’ll send you home.” 
Elisa took another step back. “No.” 
She drank a bit in the beginning because she didn’t want to be a Debbie downer and spoil her friends’ fun. But it had been a good day for her, and she was in a good mood. Grandma had also gotten over that issue. Which was why she had drunk some more. 
Elisa wanted to keep her distance from Will. “I’m here with my friends. I can’t bother you, Mr. Darcey.” She blurted out when she saw his questioning gaze.
Carle strode over with impeccable timing. He frowned when he saw Elisa standing with Will and went to stand by her side. 
“What a coincidence.” Carle smiled. 
Will narrowed his eyes at him, “Mr. Semoa, did you and Elisa come here together?” 
Carle frowned when he heard Will call Elisa by her first name, but he quickly nodded and smiled, “Yup. Elisa has been drinking too much. I’ll take it from here. Let’s catch up over coffee some other time, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will glanced at Elisa. He nodded and walked away when he saw that she had no intention of talking to him. 
Soon, Elisa and Carle arrived back to their room. 
A man approached Will, who was still standing in the hallway. “Go find out what’s going on with her.” He ordered. 
“I know what happened, sir.” The man answered respectfully.
###chapter177
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 177
Chapter 177 It Was Just Wishful Thinking 
Will glanced at his assistant, and the both of them entered an empty room. His assistant proceeded to tell him what had happened at Old Madam Wickam’s birthday banquet. 
Will narrowed his eyes but didn’t say a word. 
His assistant told him every detail for fear of leaving out something important. He didn’t presume to know which detail was more or less important and told Will what had happened with no embellishment. 
Will chortled, “Gareth thought he could win her back?” 
His assistant was surprised. “Gareth wanted to win her back? How is that possible? He had never showed any interest in Ms. Benett. You could even say he was disgusted by her.” 
“Gareth isn’t the type to be forced to do anything he doesn’t want to do. Even if Old Madam Wickam had made him do it, he totally could have carried her in from the back entrance. So why did he do it in front of everyone?” Will smirked. 
From his time spent with Elisa, he knew that she was completely done with this relationship. 
If it weren’t for her shoes, she would not have let Gareth touched her. That was the only reason she allowed that to happen. 
His assistant smiled, “Mr. Darcey, why are we sitting here plotting when we are sure that there is no chance that Ms. Benett will take him back. We just need to follow our original plan.” 
“It might not be that easy.” Will narrowed his eyes. 
His assistant stared at him in surprise.
“Have someone observe and look into Elisa’s and Carle Semoa’s past.” He ordered. 
Previously, his initial investigation on Elisa only showed Carle as her friend, but now he wanted to look deeper into it. 
“Understood, sir.” His assistant nodded. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Carle had both returned to their room. 
Rachel exited the toilet only to see Elisa in low spirits. She stumbled over and said in disgust, “What’s going on with you? You haven’t drunk half as much as we did and now you’ve stopped? No! You must drink more!!” 
“I’ll drink with you. Elisa has a headache.” Carle was frustrated. 
Elisa laughed as she shook her head. “I think that’s it for me. If I drink anymore, my head might explode.” 
“Boring!” Rachel pouted. The alcohol made her more blunt than usual. 
They enjoyed themselves a bit more before deciding to leave. Elisa felt fine. She hadn’t drunk anymore after that, and her headache had subsided significantly. 
Rachel swayed from side to side as she walked. Elisa and Sheen held an arm each to keep her from falling over. “You lousy drunkard! You have no sense of control. Why did you have to drink so much if you couldn’t hold your liquor! And now all of us will have to look after you!” Sheena scolded teasingly. 
“Looking after me is a privilege! I wouldn’t just allow anyone to do that! Elisa, I’m staying over at yours tonight!” Rachel declared. 
“I’ve talked to the family driver, and we’ll take all of you home.” Carle said in exasperation.
Carle sent them home and walked Elisa and Rachel upstairs to their apartment before returning to the car. 
Sheena was sitting at the back, leaning against the seat with her eyes closed. She opened her eyes when she heard the door opened only to see Carle back in the passenger seat. 
Sheena stared at his handsome profile and asked softly, “Carle, do you have a crush on Elisa? Will no one do except her?” 
Carle froze and chuckled, “Yes, but Elisa only sees me as a friend. It’s just wishful thinking on my part.” 
“Wishful thinking…” Sheena repeated. Wishful thinking huh… That’s what she was doing too.
###chapter178
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 178
Chapter 178 Stuck in His Throat 
Carle had never once saw her as more than a friend. Did she really want to carry on this way? 
She was tired of this, yet she couldn’t bring herself to let go… 
When will Carle finally give up on Elisa and notice her? 
“Hey, have you never thought of giving up?” Sheena couldn’t stop herself from asking. 
The driver was silently driving. He dared not pry into his employer’s business. 
Carle looked around before finally turning to look at Sheena. He chuckled helplessly, “Sheen, is there anyone that you’re interested in?” 
Sheena’s heart thumped loudly. Her face was strained. She didn’t know how to respond to that question. 
Without waiting for her reply, Carle continued to talk as if speaking aloud to himself, “I like Elisa. It’s more than just a simple crush. Right now, protecting her has become almost like an instinct of mine. Over the years, I dare not hope for her to return my feelings but… If she would allow it, I’ll like to keep making her a priority and if I can, I will not let her suffer.” 
It became harder and harder for Sheena to decipher her own feelings. 
Carle… Was he in love with Elisa? 
She laughed at herself. Did she even need to ask? 
His feelings for Elisa were probably the same as her feelings for him.
She loved him so much that she was willing to support him in whatever made him happy. Her love for him wasn’t selfish. She would not make him return her feelings. 
Which was why even though Sheena knew that Carle loved Elisa, she was not envious. She felt a little bitter, but she would silently watch over him. 
“What’s wrong with you, Sheen?” He turned when he heard her self-depreciating laughter, only to see two wet streaks on her face. 
“Did I say something wrong? Why are you crying?” Carle nervously asked. 
Although the driver was doing his best to not listen in to their conversation, he couldn’t help but glance in the rear-view mirror at Sheena. 
Sheena caught herself and wiped away her tears. “It’s nothing. I just remembered some stuff that happened in the past. I’m fine. It’s the alcohol.” 
Carle frowned. He obviously didn’t believe her. “Is your family pressuring you? Do you still have some unresolved issues that you need to deal with? You can tell me. I’ll do what I can to help you.” He asked in concern. 
Sheena’s conviction wavered. He was so good to her. How could she give him up? 
Her chest felt so tight that it hurt. Even breathing became painful for her. 
“I’m fine.” Sheena insisted. She turned away so that she would not make eye contact with him. She was deathly afraid that the alcohol would make her say something she would regret. 
Things would be awkward if they ever crossed this boundary. Carle might even start to distant himself from her. She didn’t want that to happen. They may never be lovers, but right now she was fine staying
friends with him. 
At least when she was feeling depressed and wanted to drink, he would be there when she called him. But if she were to tell him, he might start to avoid her. 
Carle could tell that she didn’t want to tell him. He felt exasperated. “I may have feelings for Elisa, but you’re my friend too. Tell me your problems and I’ll do my best to help you.” 
Sheena felt as if she had something stuck in her throat. She was trying her best not to cry. She was afraid that any word she attempted to say will result in her bursting to tears. 
Carle was oblivious. He turned back to look towards the front. The car was as quiet as a morgue. 
The silence finally broke when they reached Sheena’s house.
###chapter179
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 179
Chapter 179 Family Restrains 
“I’m going inside.” 
There was so much more that Sheena wished she could say to this man, but she couldn’t. 
Carle smiled and nodded, “I’ll walk you to the door.” 
“I’m fine. We’re at the gate. There’s no point in walking me. Besides, it’s late. You should go home and rest.” 
Carle didn’t insist. He nodded. He watched until she entered the house safely before driving off. 
Sheena watched his taillights disappear from the window. Her heart ached. 
He was so kind. If he returned her feelings, she would stay with him for the rest of her life. 
Elisa was not interested in him at all. Would this pain scar him forever and keep him from pursuing a relationship in the future? Would he watch over Elisa for the rest of his life? 
Sheena’s eyes welled up even more. 
Sheena’s mother came downstairs only to see her daughter sobbing at the door. She came near her and asked worriedly, “Sheena, what’s wrong?” 
Sheena realized where she was. She quickly wiped away her tears. “It’s nothing. I’m just tired. I’m gonna go rest now.” 
Her mother grabbed her arm and saw that Sheena was still crying. Her worry grew. “What happened? Was someone mean to you? Why were you out this late?”
No matter how she had tried to strongarm Sheena into marrying Hayden in the past, Sheena was still her daughter, and she could not bear to see her crying like this. 
Sheena took in a deep breath. She could not control her emotions from showing on her face. She tugged her arm away from her mother. “I’m fine. No one was mean to me. You don’t need to worry about me.” 
She quickly walked to her room. 
“Sheena!” Her mother caught up to her and asked, “Was it a boy? Did a boy bully you?” 
Her mother could not stop herself from blurting out what she really wanted to ask. Sheena stared at her in shock. “Were you worried because you thought that I had been intimate with someone?” 
Her mother’s eyes shifted. “I know that societal standards have changed,” her mother said exasperatedly, “but you’re still a girl. You need to be careful. If anything were to happen, you’d be the one to suffer.” 
“I’d be the one to suffer?” She asked sarcastically. 
There was a subtle change to her mother’s expression. Sheena dug in deeper, “Did you care about my happiness when you were about to marry me off to that b*stard?” 
“You!” Her mother reigned herself back. She said helplessly, “I didn’t know he was like that! He fooled me. Your father thought…” 
Her mother stopped herself from saying anymore. It was as if she did not want Sheena to hate her father.
But Sheena knew what had happened. “Whatever,” she said calmly, “I don’t want to talk about this anymore. Stop trying to make me do what you want me to! I won’t do it!” 
She slammed her door shut. 
Her mother was furious. “Sheena! You’re old enough to know better and yet here you are! Acting like a child! Did you think that all the privilege you’ve experienced came freely? You are a Gilio, and you owe it to the family! This is your destiny!” 
Sheena’s tears fell freely now. 
She was suddenly envious of Rachel’s life. If only she could live like her. 
Rach chose to cut ties with her family. Her family now had no control over how she lived her life. 
Whereas her… 
Sheena gasped for air and shut her eyes. She planned on going apartment hunting the next day. 
It was a fitful night for Sheena and Elisa. Their troubles kept them from sleeping well, and they kept waking. The alarm rang, and it was time to get up. Today was the day that she was going to visit her grandma.
###chapter180
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 180
Chapter 180 He Was at Peace 
Elisa washed up. Noticing the purple blue bruises under her eyes, she hid them with concealer so that she looked somewhat presentable. 
She was going to Lumineer Temple today. It be inappropriate if she applied heavy makeup. 
She drove all the way to the Wickam Manor. She entered the living room to see Julia already dressed, sitting on the couch waiting for her. Elisa smiled when she saw that Julia was in good spirits, “Let’s head out, Grandma.” 
Julia smiled and nodded, “Just a second, dear.” 
“Was there something else?” Elisa was puzzled. 
“I’m waiting for someone.” Julia was being secretive. 
Before she could wonder any further, she heard a car outside. She turned towards the sound when Julia said excitedly, “Let’s go! Let’s go right now!” 
She stood and tugged on Elisa’s hand. 
It was Gareth. Gareth was the one driving the car. He stayed in the car with no intention of getting out. Elisa’s eyes narrowed. She turned to Julia, “Grandma…?” 
“Liz, it must be fate. Since Mr. Bridgewood said that Gareth is the…” 
Reincarnation of her son that had passed away. 
She hesitated and did not finish her sentence. “Then he should come with me so that Mr. Bridgewood can take a look at him.” She added excitedly.
Elisa, “…” 
Elisa did not know how to respond. 
Grandma must have completely bought into what she had told her yesterday. She was bringing Gareth along to confirm what she had heard. 
What could Elisa say? 
Elisa sighed inwardly. Why could she not get rid of Gareth. More importantly, why didn’t Gareth feel annoyed by her continued presence? 
They were divorced. So why was he still bothering her? Why didn’t he just go to work? He had a company to keep him busy and yet he was here, bring his grandmother and his ex-wife to a temple to hear about their past lives. 
Elisa’s mood improved at the thought. Gareth must be feeling more annoyed that she did. 
His discomfort made her feel so much better. She was willing to endure any awkwardness to witness this. 
“Come, Liz. Gareth will drive us there.” 
Elisa agreed and got into the car behind Julia. 
Gareth was quiet. The door shut behind them, and he started to drive. 
Elisa pursed her lips and stayed silent. Julia, on the other hand, was almost trembling with excitement. She held Elisa’s hand tightly and said in anticipation, “My dear girl, what do you think Mr. Bridgewood will say?”
Elisa blinked. “That’s up to fate, isn’t it, Grandma? We can’t force anything.” 
“You’re right. Nothing should be forced.” Julia chuckled. 
Gareth frowned. He didn’t like hearing this. He believed himself to be the master of his own fate. 
Julia was in a great mood on the way there. She chatted nonstop with Elisa. 
It was as if she had completely let go of what had happened. However, Elisa knew that that was just superficial. She would still hold on to that small sliver of hope. She’d only fully believe it once she heard it from Mr. Bridgewood’s own mouth. Right now, she was keeping herself from dwelling on it to prevent herself from disappointment. 
Elisa saw through her actions and kept the conversation going. 
Gareth, surprisingly, did not feel irritated by the sound of their talking. He drove silently. 
As if he was as peace.
###chapter181
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 181
Chapter 181 If It Weren’t for Elisa! 
Meanwhile, Linda took her time and carefully picked out what to wear and made herself up before setting off. 
She had spent the entire night thinking about how she would greet Old Madam Wickam. On the way there, she rehearsed what she would say, fearing that she would forget what to say to her. 
Unfortunately… 
When she arrived at Wickam Manor, Julia was not there. She stared at the butler in confusion. 
“Mr. Jones, is Grandma not in?” 
“She just left.” He nodded. 
Linda was surprised. “Where could she have gone so early in the morning?” 
“The young master came to pick her up first thing in the morning. Along with Miss Elisa, the three of them headed for Lumineer Temple.” He answered honestly. 
“Lumineer Temple?!” Linda was shocked. Why on earth were the three of them going there?! 
Also! 
Why did Gareth come to pick up Grandma? And why did Elisa that b*tch go with them?! 
Mr. Jones nodded, but didn’t say much. 
Linda took a deep breath and reined in her emotions. She smiled at him, “Well then… Do you know what time Grandma will be back?”
“I’m not too sure.” 
Linda’s fingers clenched tightly around the giftbox in her hand. Because of yesterday’s incident, she had carefully selected a gift that would please Julia. She needed to gain Grandma’s approval now that she had lost the support of some of the Wickam family members. 
If Grandma approved of her, Gareth’s father wouldn’t be too far off. 
But how would she get her approval if she continued to stay in contact with Elisa?! 
Urgh! 
Linda was frustrated. But she couldn’t say much in this current situation. She smiled at Mr. Jones and nodded, “I see.” 
She was thinking of what to do next when she heard footsteps coming from the stairs. She looked towards the sound and saw that it was Monica. She grabbed at the opportunity. “Mrs. Wickam…” She sobbed. 
She didn’t need to say anything else. Monica immediately understood. 
Monica sighed, “My dear child. You have suffered much.” 
Linda shook her head vehemently. “I have not suffered at all. I came to see Grandma, but I didn’t know that she would be out.” 
Monica’s eyes flashed with anger. “If it weren’t for Elisa!” 
Elisa parted her lips as if she were about to defend Elisa, but Monica stopped her. “Don’t defend her. Come inside with me. Your mom called me yesterday and there are some things we need to discuss.”
Linda’s eyes glimmered. She nodded obediently, “I’ll do whatever you say.” 
Monica nodded in satisfaction and led her upstairs. 
Mr. Jones watched all this go down. After pondering slightly, he sent out a text message. 
—— Alphonse Jones: ‘Young Master, Miss Linda has just arrived. It seems that last night Mrs. Meek had called Mrs. Wickam. It sounded like they are plotting something.’ 
Gareth had just arrived at Lumineer Temple when he received the message. 
Placing his phone back into his pocket, he brought the two ladies into the temple. 
The abbot had sent someone to greet them as he knew that they were coming. Seeing their arrival, the monk stepped forward and bowed in greeting, “Namaste. The abbot has been waiting for you. Please come with me.” 
The elderly woman was filled with excitement. She nodded in thanks, “Please lead the way, brother.”
###chapter182
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 182
Chapter 182 You Still Don’t Understand 
The temple was widely similar to other temples, but it was slightly different if one walked to the back. 
The abbot, Malcolm Bridgewood, did not live in the temple; instead, he had a separate space of his own. 
After walking on a stony path for half an hour, they finally reached their destination. 
Elisa had been supporting Julia physically all this while, for fear that the walk might tire her out. 
However, Julia’s spirit had been quite positive on this day, and she also seemed exceptionally healthy. Judging by her brisk pace, she seemed to be handling the walk better than a younger person. 
When they reached the private room, the monk told everyone, “You’re welcome to enter here now.” 
They nodded back at him politely before walking into the room together. 
Initially, Malcolm was sitting on the chair, but he immediately got up and bowed to them the moment he saw them. “Welcome, my guests.” 
Julia put her hands together and bowed to him. 
Elisa did the same, but Gareth frowned. Not wanting to disappoint Julia, he followed suit as well. 
Elisa curled her lips slightly in satisfaction when she saw that he was forced to do something against his will. 
When he turned around and saw her quiet smirk, coldness seeped into his eyes immediately.
“My dear guest, I already know the reason for your visit today. I only have one piece of advice for you – just let everything take its natural course and don’t try to force it; this is life. As winter passes and spring awaits us, everything is already planned for us. I can’t reveal too much to you, for it’s all God’s will. My only wish is for you to put your worries beneath you, for that is the only way you can live a long and prosperous life.” 
Julia had been listening to him intently, and her eyes lit up when she heard that. 
So my son has reincarnated into my family again – I’ve seen my grandson grow up with my own eyes. Sure enough, Elisa did not lie to me! 
Julia’s spirits soared high as she nodded gratefully. “Thank you so much, Mr. Bridgewood. I will definitely take it easy from now onward!” 
He nodded at her with a smile, looking as though he no longer intended to continue the conversation. 
But… Julia could not help looking at Elisa and Gareth next to her. She hesitated for a moment before saying, “I… have something to ask you privately, Mr. Bridgewood. Is this a good time?” 
“Feel free to do so, but I shall only answer when I can.” 
She nodded quickly with a smile. Then, she turned around to speak to both of them, “Wait for me outside.” 
“Grandma.” Elisa looked worried, but Gareth dragged her outside without another word. 
Her expression slightly changed, but Julia merely smiled at her. “Just follow him.” 
Just like that, she was pulled out of the room by Gareth.
“Why do you obey her wishes? What if she realized something after asking a few more questions? If that happens, all our efforts will be wasted, and she will be even more heartbroken.” 
“Since Mr. Bridgewood is willing to help you, why would he tell her the truth?” With that, he shot a cold glance at her, leaving her speechless. 
At this moment in the private room, Julia looked at Malcolm with religious fervor in her eyes. “Mr. Bridgewood, that was not the main reason for me to come here today. I would just like to ask if the young ones who came with me today have a chance to be a couple again?” 
Looking at the earnest glimmer in her eyes, he sighed helplessly. “It all comes down to fate. I would suggest you not force anything and just go with the flow.” 
He was implying that he could not come to a conclusion about that because it all depended on fate. 
Julia was instantly disappointed, but she still gave a nod in the end. “I see. Thank you for the advice, Mr. Bridgewood.” 
“I think you still don’t understand what I mean, madam.” He looked at her peacefully.
###chapter183
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 183
Chapter 183 Unable to Help Herself 
She looked at him instinctively with shock in her eyes. “You–” 
“If you try to force things, none of them will be happy. I hope you understand this, madam,” he explained calmly, but his words were precise and accurate. 
She froze upon hearing that. “I–” 
To help them get together, I always try to make them meet each other. Could this… be a bad idea? She could not help sighing internally. He is right – if it’s a good idea, their relationship wouldn’t have worsened over the past three years. It did not get any better at all. 
At this instant, she suddenly had no clue what she should do next. 
Malcolm saw through her dilemma and said, “May God bless you. If you could let go, you will realize nothing in life would escape from their fated destiny.” 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Gareth were still waiting outside. He looked like his usual self, but she was worried that Julia might notice something. 
Not long after, their wait was over; Julia walked out of the door with Malcolm sending her out personally. 
She bowed to him before saying respectfully, “Thank you for the advice. I’ll keep it in mind.” 
He smiled back. “Have a safe journey back.” 
Now that their visit was over, both women went back, together with Gareth, with worry looming in their minds.
On their way back, Julia was noticeably more morose, making Elisa slightly worried. She held the former’s hands and asked, “Grandma, what did you ask Mr. Bridgewood just now?” 
Julia’s eyelashes fluttered slightly. She hesitated for a moment before sighing, “I just wanted to ask about your relationship with Gareth, and he told me not to force things.” 
Elisa’s expression slightly changed, and Gareth also frowned. Nevertheless, he did not utter a word and placed his focus on the road. 
None of them commented on that, so Julia heaved another sigh. 
“Sometimes, I think about everything that happened in the past three years before your divorce. You guys haven’t been getting along, and I kept trying to help you guys.” She could not help herself from sighing once more. “Perhaps it’s because of my efforts that made both of you become strangers to each other. In other words, I might be the reason for your divorce.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa quickly held her hand and laughed gently. “Grandma, even though Gareth and I are divorced, we will always be with you. If you need me, I’ll be here anytime, and I’ve already thought of you as my own grandma.” 
Gareth pursed his lips without saying a word, but his face darkened. 
However, Elisa’s remaining words made his face turn even darker. 
“But…” Julia looked torn. Even though she knew what Malcolm said was correct, she was still a human after all – she could not help herself. 
“Grandma, even without you, it’s highly probable that we will be divorced, and it might be even sooner. Our relationship is just a facade in front of everyone. You know the truth yourself. Even if I can get the
sun for him, it might not even warm his heart up.” With that, Elisa smiled, but Gareth’s hands tightened on the steering wheel.
###chapter184
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 184
Chapter 184 She Can Only be Subservient to Me 
Julia wanted to say something about that, but she hesitated to comment further. Hence, Elisa continued with a smile, “In conclusion, humans’ emotions are effervescent, and we will always change. No matter what, Gareth and I will never have our happily ever after. In fact, we even get along better now. What do you think, Grandma?” 
Over the past three years, Elisa felt that a heavy stone had been pressing on her chest until she could not breathe. Her mother-in-law, Monica, looked down on her and constantly picked on her, while her husband detested her and could not even wait to torture her. Because of them, she suffered a lot of pressure. 
However, she was now free from the stress and felt her life was getting much easier. Gone were the days she had to heed another person’s orders. At this point in time, she only had to care about the people whom she truly loved. 
As for Grandma, she doesn’t have to be so worried for me. 
Julia sighed again. “Oh… I give up. I won’t be interfering with both of your affairs from now on.” 
The tension in Elisa’s heart had finally eased up at this moment. In fact, her mood got better as soon as she heard that. 
As long as Grandma stops trying to make us reconcile, I don’t have to interact with him so much. Every time I see him, my mood is affected. So as long as he is not in my sights, I can always be my best self. 
Gareth’s lips were pressed into a thin line. Suddenly, he slammed his foot on the accelerator pedal and the car sped up.
Meanwhile, Elisa was still holding Julia’s hands. “Grandma, it’s time for you to enjoy your retirement. I’ll visit you whenever I’m free. If you are willing to come over, you are always welcome at my place.” 
“Sure, sure,” Julia replied, but she still could not suppress the sadness within her. 
Along the way, Elisa had been chatting with her, but she could tell that Julia was not as excited as she was while they were on their way there. 
Nevertheless, she did not bring up her worries anymore. As long as she stops thinking about that, it’s good news! 
Gareth did not ask Elisa any other questions, and he drove them directly to Wickam Manor. 
Elisa helped Julia out of the car. Meanwhile, Julia completely ignored her grandson, not asking him to do anything at all. Instead, she went into the mansion with Elisa. 
Annoyance flickered across his eyes before he drove away. 
It was already lunch when they returned, so Julia asked Elisa directly, “Why don’t you stay back for lunch, Liz?” 
She deliberately emphasized the words ‘stay back’ to show that this was her place. 
Not wanting to dampen her spirits, Elisa nodded in agreement. “Sure.” 
However, as soon as she finished speaking, two figures walked down the staircases, making both of them turn around. 
It was Linda and Monica. The former tightened her grip on the railings of the staircase the moment she saw Elisa. 
I can’t wait to tear her into pieces! I wouldn’t be the laughing stock yesterday if it weren’t for her!
Her heart palpitated quickly, but she had to hold herself back. 
That b*tch! I’m going to wreck her reputation completely! I will push her head down the gravel so she can only be subservient to me! 
Walking in front of her, Monica smiled at them. “Mom, you’re back. How’s the journey?” 
Julia nodded as a reply, while Linda looked behind them. 
Why is it only the two of them here? Where’s Gareth? 
Nevertheless, she did not dare to ask out loud, so she merely said respectfully, “Hi, Grandma.” 
Julia merely gave a nod. “Oh, you’re here, Ms. Benett.” 
As soon as she addressed Linda with her last name, the latter’s expression immediately changed. Feeling slightly awkward as well, Monica reminded with a smile, “Mom, Linda, and Elisa are both a part of our family. Why do you act so formal around her?”
###chapter185
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 185
Chapter 185 He Will be Lonely 
In order to make Linda be recognized by the Wickam family, Monica suppressed her hatred for Elisa and admitted that she was a part of their family as well. 
Nevertheless, such an acknowledgment was a peculiar one. 
Even though she claimed that both Elisa and Linda were part of their family, Elisa had become Julia’s granddaughter. On the other hand, Linda was not acknowledged by Julia, and Monica did not take her in as her own daughter. Hence, Monica’s words implied that Linda would be Gareth’s wife in the future. 
This time around, Julia did not retaliate. Instead, she merely said, “Let’s wait until Ms. Benett marries Gareth.” 
Upon hearing that, Monica looked at her in awe. She actually didn’t ? In the past, she would have directly announced that Elisa is the only granddaughter-in-law that she acknowledges. But now… she has changed? Do we have a chance? 
Even Linda looked at Julia in shock. She seems to have changed her mind after visiting the temple. 
Both of them looked at Elisa simultaneously, thinking that she did not annoy them as much as before. 
Monica smiled back, but when she did not see Gareth around, she asked, “Why is it just both of you? Where’s Gareth?” 
Linda quickly looked at Julia, who replied, “He left.” 
I didn’t see him again. Is it because of Elisa that he refuses to stay for lunch? Well, she disgusts him, of course. Linda clenched her fists silently.
Nevertheless, Monica’s voice broke her trail of thoughts. “Ah, if that’s the case, let’s get ready for lunch ourselves, then.” 
Julia did not reply, but Elisa helped her to the washroom. “Grandma, I like the way it is right now. You are my grandmother, and nothing else could affect my mood. You are the only family I have left.” 
With that, she implied that she did not even regard the Benett family as her family. 
Julia’s eyelashes fluttered before she patted Elisa on the back. “Good girl.” 
In the end, the four of them settled down at the dining table with different thoughts in their minds. 
Elisa was the most comfortable person there because she no longer cared about them. She treated Linda and Monica as if they did not exist, and she even smiled at Julia as she took some food for her. “Take more vegetables, Grandma; they will prolong your life. Since Mr. Bridgewood asked you to stop overthinking, you should enjoy your life. I’m sure you have never-ending fortunes and happiness to enjoy.” 
Upon hearing that, Julia nodded with a smile. “You’re right.” 
Linda quickly added, “Yeah, Grandma. Now that your children and grandchildren are established, you just need to enjoy the rest of your life.” 
However, Julia replied with a polite hum, showing no intentions of having a chat with her. 
Even though she had decided to go with the flow, she still remembered what had happened the day before. To begin with, she already thought of Linda as a rather promiscuous woman; after what transpired the night before, her dislike for her deepened. 
The smile on Linda’s face froze, but she could only hold her tongue.
At the same time, Monica quickly brought some food to Julia. “Linda is right, Mom. You should stop thinking about other problems and enjoy what you have right now.” 
Julia shot a cold stare at her before saying, “I’ll be happy enough as long as you don’t defy me.” 
Monica was at a loss for words after hearing that. She is clearly picking on us. 
With an awkward smile, she looked at Elisa. “Liz, why don’t you talk to Mom about it? She only listens to you right now.” 
What a rare scene it is to have Monica talk to me so politely. 
Elisa merely smiled and looked at Julia. “Grandma, why don’t you stay over at my place for a few days? Even though it’s not as comfortable as your place right now, I could cook for you. What do you think?” 
Julia immediately beamed widely, but she rejected Elisa’s suggestion. “It’s okay. Your Grandpa still returns at night. If I leave him alone, he’ll be lonely.”
###chapter186
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 186
Chapter 186 He Will Never Forget This 
Elisa smiled. “If that’s the case, I’ll fetch you over to my place when he’s away on a business trip in the future.” 
“You are so thoughtful, Elisa.” Julia was delighted to hear that; a genuine smile formed on her face. During the meal, Elisa had been chatting with her all along. Their relationship was warm and loving. 
On the other hand, Monica and Linda, who were sitting opposite to them, looked like they were outsiders. Even though Linda wanted to explain the situation that happened last night, Julia’s attention was completely focused on Elisa, not sparing her a second glance at all. She remembered her parents’ advice from the day before; it was better not to bring it up first and put on a generous act. Hence, she suppressed her urge to do so after a moment of hesitation. 
To her, the meal was bland and non-eventful. 
Yet, Elisa and Julia were enjoying it, and the former was full from the food. 
However, because she still had to work, she smiled at Julia before saying, “Grandma, I need to get going now. I will visit you when I’m free.” 
Julia nodded with a smile. “Go ahead, sweetheart. If you are busy, you don’t have to accompany me. I know that young people your age are career-driven. It’s okay if we chat online occasionally when you have the time.” 
Guilt flooded Elisa’s heart when she heard that. She understood that at Julia’s age, the most important thing to her was the company of people. However, Darren, Gareth, and Jerry were always busy, and Monica often defied her wishes. No wonder she is so troubled lately. 
“Sure.” With that, she walked outside without even bidding Monica and Linda farewell.
Linda had a lot of things to tell her, so she quickly looked at Monica and Julia. “Grandma, Mrs. Wickam, I’ll leave with Liz.” 
Julia gave a terse nod while Monica smiled and said, “Have a safe journey back.” 
She shot Linda a deep look, clearly reminding her of their private conversation just now. 
Linda froze slightly and left after giving her a nod. 
In no time, she walked out of the door. When she saw that Elisa was already in the car, she quickly walked to her and opened the passenger seat door. Elisa merely turned around to look at her serenely. 
“Why don’t you give me a ride?” Linda beamed at her. 
Without waiting for her reply, Linda hopped onto the seat. 
Since both Julia and Monica were standing by the door, Elisa smiled at Julia before driving away. 
As soon as both of them could no longer be seen, Linda’s face darkened immediately. Seeing that the car camera was still switched on, she quickly shut it down. 
Elisa arched her eyebrows. “Seems like someone has something to say.” 
Linda turned around and glared at her angrily. “Why do you do this to me, Elisa?” 
Elisa merely smiled as she slowly stopped the car by the roadside. Then, she turned around and looked at Linda in amusement. “Why do you do the same then?” 
“Elisa, you are framing me on purpose! Do you think Gareth will have a change of heart just because you do this? Do you think he will remarry you?”
Elisa arched her eyebrows quietly, as though she was waiting for Linda to continue speaking. 
Nevertheless, the truth was that she could not be bothered with Linda. Back when they were at Wickam Manor just now, she was unable to chase Linda away because both Julia and Monica were there. 
At this moment, her patience was running out. 
“Elisa, you’ve used the wrong method! When you raised a divorce and helped Will in the lawsuit back then, you pushed Gareth away from you. In your three years of marriage with him, you put in so much effort, yet he didn’t even take a second glance on you. After the divorce, do you plan to surprise him so that he would change his mind? In your dreams! It’s the truth that he doesn’t love you at all, and he will never forget what you and your father planned!”
###chapter187
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 187
Chapter 187 I Can No Longer Protect You 
Elisa’s face immediately darkened. Linda revealed her true colors and said so much to me. Clearly, she is not recording the conversation now. Even if she is recording now to lure me to speak, I’m not afraid anyway. So what if it’s posted online and everyone hates me? I only live for myself now. Would their vicious comments affect my livelihood? 
With that thought in mind, she sneered at Linda. “You know very well why the events happened that night!” 
Linda’s expression immediately changed after hearing that, but in the next second, she gritted her teeth resentfully. “The man I love the most is Gareth. Why would I set you up with him?” 
“That’s right. That’s never been your plan, but what happened back then was just a mistake, wasn’t it?” 
Looking at the fury on Linda’s face, Elisa was even more sure of her speculation. 
Linda’s plan was to set her up with other men so that she could no longer be associated with the Benett family. Unbeknownst to her, Gareth was also being framed by others, so it turned out that they were in the same room that night. 
When Linda found out that they slept with each other, she was so furious that she almost lost her mind. However, Linda had to suppress her emotions because Elisa’s father was still around, and she was not in control of the Benett family back then. Hence, she could only gulp down her hatred. 
Trying to control her emotions, Linda let out a cold snort. “Elisa Benett, I’m not related to whatever that happened in the past. Don’t you dare push the blame on me! Do you think others will believe you even if you publicize it? Everyone who knows the story now thinks of you as a woman who would do anything in order to get into his bed.”
Anger surged through Elisa’s veins when she heard that. 
She glowered at Linda ferociously, sending chills down the latter’s spine that instant. However, in the next moment, Elisa recollected herself and chuckled. “So what?” 
So what if they think of me like that? 
Linda froze upon hearing that. In the past, Elisa would hate to admit this. Since when has it become such a trivial matter to her? The change in her temperament is rather terrifying. 
“So, you did so many tricks today just to tell me that Gareth is yours and that I don’t stand a chance with him anymore. Am I right?” With that, Elisa turned around to look at Linda, who was momentarily stunned. 
I was leading the conversation just now, yet the tides suddenly switched. 
Before waiting for her reply, Elisa suddenly laughed lightly. “Linda, look at how well you put on a show in the past. You were treated as a goddess, and everyone thought of you as a sweet angel. But look at what you did today! You turned off my car camera and even said so many spiteful things! Do you think you still look as innocent as before?” 
Linda’s expression slightly changed. It’s all your fault that I’m like this today! 
She shut her eyes and took a deep breath. Yes, it’s Elisa who angered me so much that I forgot about my demeanor. 
Elisa gave her a half-smirk. I’m not just the daughter who is estranged from the family; I’m also a lawyer who knows that every sentence could be evidence.
She had the habit of bringing a recorder with her, and she had even lost count of the hard drives she had used over a year. 
Regardless, Linda was smart enough to stop herself from revealing the fact that she was responsible for hooking up Elisa and Gareth together. 
Taking another deep breath, Linda said, “Elisa, if you know where you stand, stop competing with me. Look at how miserable your life is right now! As your elder cousin sister, I will take care of you so that you don’t have to worry about money. But if you still insist upon opposing me, I can no longer protect you from the other issues.”
###chapter188
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 188
Chapter 188 Your Mother Deserted You 
Elisa’s lips twitched into a smile upon hearing that. She knew very well that Linda was quite resilient. If it weren’t for the incident the day before that completely ruined her plans, she would not be so irate to destroy her perfect reputation all this while. 
Smiling, Elisa replied, “I never wanted to be with Gareth again, but it’s a different matter for you. It seems like Gareth doesn’t care much about you either. Even if you sleep in his bed for another year, he will only ever feel pity for you. Using gratitude to bind him into the marriage, is your situation any different from mine in the past?” 
“Of course it’s different!” Linda retaliated sarcastically without a second thought. “You are not me, after all, and I would never use gratitude to control him. The fact that he doesn’t like you doesn’t affect him liking me. Just you wait, Elisa.” 
Elisa nodded with a smile. “In that case, I send my best wishes to you. I also hope that you can get out of this awkward situation so that others won’t think of you as a clown. Otherwise, even I will feel sorry for you.” 
“You–” 
She still has the nerves to bring it up! If it weren’t for her, my life wouldn’t be so miserable now! Even if no one told me directly, I know that I’m being tragically mocked behind their backs! And this is all because of Elisa! Linda took a deep breath. If I don’t get my revenge back at her, I won’t rest! The better her life is, the more resentful I’ll become! 
In the next second, she suddenly smiled before approaching Elisa. “Do you think you’ve won, Elisa?” she asked in a voice so low that any recorder was unable to pick it up.
Elisa frowned before looking back at her. 
Linda curled her lips into a sneer and continued, “Do you know what is the main failure of your life?” 
Elisa’s silence encouraged her to continue her spiteful remarks triumphantly. “You are destined to be despised by others, be it your husband or your family! You will never get any recognition from others.” The more she elaborated, the happier she became. Once again, she said in a low voice, “Because you’re a daughter, you are useless to your mother. She dumped you and your father! Do you think she really died in childbirth?” 
Elisa froze and looked at her instinctively. “What do you mean by this?” 
“Your dad accidentally told my dad about this after he got drunk. He even forbade my dad to tell it to others.” 
Elisa’s eyes widened in surprise. I don’t think Linda is making that up. When I was young, Dad seldom brought up any stories about Mom, and I even saw the thick disappointment in his eyes when she was mentioned. Yet, he had never said anything negative about her; he only diverted the topic whenever she was mentioned. Back then, I thought he was sad each time she was brought up. In retrospect, are Linda’s claims valid? 
“Your mother is the daughter of a prestigious family, and she needed a son to take back the family fortunes. However, three years after her marriage to your father, she gave birth to you. Two years later, she did not get pregnant again and deserted both of you. Elisa, I guess you finally know how detestable your existence is right now.” 
Elisa was utterly shocked by this piece of news. Because she trusted her father, she had never given it a thought. I actually have a Mom, and she deserted me? But if such was her character, why would Dad have married her?
###chapter189
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 189
Chapter 189 She’s Nothing More Than a Clown 
Linda curved her lips slightly before continuing, “As for your father who died so young, don’t you think that you’re the one who brought bad luck to the family, causing his death? He used to be so healthy; why would he suddenly fall ill with such a serious disease? Why did his artery get blocked suddenly? I don’t remember him having heart issues back then. Don’t you think that you are the reason for that?” 
Elisa’s chest gave a jolt as blood slithered away from her face. 
It was not because she believed Linda’s words; instead… 
Back then, none of us knew that Uncle Norman and his family were such scheming creatures, and we trusted them. Thinking back now, it’s true that Dad never had problems with his health, so why did he suddenly become so critically ill to the point that he passed before I even had the chance to see him one last time? 
Nevertheless, Linda patted her shoulder with a smile. “Elisa, you are bound to have no one to rely on. Your family left you, and your husband dumped you. You are nothing but a loser. If I were you, I would definitely end my own life instead of struggling with life’s hardships.” 
Her words sent stabs of pain in Elisa’s heart. 
Why haven’t I realized that something was wrong? I’m sure Norman definitely had a hand in this! After Dad passed away, he quickly took over the Benett family. Since I was still grieving back then, I was not in the mood to take charge of the company. Then, I signed the papers just after a few words from him. Thinking back now, this could have all been their plot! 
Hatred filled Elisa up as soon as she thought of that.
Back then, when Norman brought his family and asked for our help, Dad accepted him without a second thought. He even brought Norman into the company and gave him an important role to play there. However, what did Norman do? They were the cause of his death! 
Elisa could not help taking a deep breath with a pale look on her face. 
Thinking that her harsh words had gotten to her, Linda snorted out laughing. “Elisa–” 
“F*ck off.” 
Before Linda could even finish her sentence, Elisa suddenly interjected coldly, making the former’s expression change immediately. 
“Elisa!” 
“You better get lost before I lose control. I don’t have anything left to care about now, so I can forget about my reputation, but you can’t, can you?” 
Elisa’s eyes turned red as though she was about to sink into madness. 
Linda’s expression changed immediately, but she controlled herself and yelled, “You’re crazy!” 
Then, she got out of the car, but before she closed the door, she remembered something and replied, “My parents are welcoming you back as a guest.” 
“A guest?” Elisa snorted indifferently. “Nothing from the Benett family belongs to you. You better know your limits, Linda.” 
When Linda saw the awful expression on Elisa, she instantly felt happier. “Elisa, the same goes for you too. I really hope you can get out of this dark patch and reach the pinnacle of your career.”
With that, she closed the door, but right when she wanted to take one last look at Elisa’s anguish, the latter suddenly drove away. 
Startled, Linda took a few steps back. If her reflexes were not as fast, the tires might have crushed her feet. 
Elisa, you are no match for me! You are just a clown! she thought, gritting her teeth. 
At this moment, Elisa was still driving, but her mind was full of Linda’s words just now. 
The only thoughts in her mind were related to her parents and the Benett family.
###chapter190
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 190
Chapter 190 A Sudden Death 
Before knowing this, all she wanted was just to live her life and take back the control of the Benett family so that her father’s efforts so far would not lay in the wrong hands. 
However, she finally realized that he did not die from critical illnesses. 
If Norman and the rest played a part in his death, I will not rest until I send them to jail! 
She took a deep breath. It seems like I need to head back to the Benett family soon, but it won’t be today for sure. 
She drove directly to the law firm. When the rest of the lawyers saw the icy look on her face, they did not dare to greet her. Even Albert was exceptionally quiet on this day. 
When Charli saw her, she asked, “What’s wrong? Did something happen at Lumineer Temple?” 
After all, she knew that Elisa had brought Julia to the temple in the morning before this. 
“No.” Elisa shook her head. 
“What happened, then?” With that, Charli got up and poured a glass of water for her. 
She took the glass from her but did not take a sip. The dark expression on her face was rather terrifying. 
The longer the time passed, the more Charli felt that something was wrong. Sitting beside her worriedly, she asked again, “What on earth happened, Elisa?” 
A sharp glint crossed Elisa’s eyes as she said, “Charli, help me find out something. The more details, the better.”
“Sure. About what?” 
Elisa pursed her lips before saying coldly, “Everything that happened in the Benett family from June to August last year.” 
“June to August?” Charli was surprised to hear that. 
“Yes. One month before and one month after my father’s death.” 
Her father passed away on the first of July last year. Even though she was already married to Gareth, she was out of Bayswe for an errand. Because of that, she did not get back in time, and she was strongly remorseful about that. 
Since then, she no longer wanted to be a lawyer anymore, but she knew very well that her father would not want to see that if he were still alive. 
Charli’s expression became more solemn when she looked at Elisa. “Did you find out about something, Liz?” 
“I think something’s wrong with my father’s illness and his passing,” she replied directly, for Charli was her close friend. 
Upon hearing that, Charli froze for a moment. “Don’t worry. I’ll arrange for someone to investigate this matter in the dark.” 
Elisa’s lips were pressed together in a thin line, but she no longer said anything. When she was holding the glass in her hands, even though she felt the heat from the warm water, it could not warm her cold heart. Her hands even started trembling. 
Realizing that, Charli quickly took the glass from her and placed it on the table. “Did you realize that something was wrong? What exactly happened today?”
Elisa took a deep breath before saying, “Just go ahead with the investigation first; I can’t confirm many things myself. Remember to keep it a top-secret, Charli.” 
Charli nodded. “Don’t worry. The people you’ve trained are very reliable.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa gave a nod without saying anything else. 
In reality, lawyers usually have connections with private detectives. When the case had many unclear leads, the private detective would become an important character. 
Elisa had been training a few of them privately. Since Charli was her assistant, she was also a part of their communication. 
Sitting in front of the laptop, Elisa tried calming her emotions down. 
No matter how angry she was, she was still rational. 
Back then, it was said that Dad died of a blockage in his artery. Before that, he was already critically ill, and I couldn’t make it back in time. About that– 
Knock, knock, knock! 
The abrupt knocking on the door suddenly blocked her thoughts.
###chapter191
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 191
Chapter 191 Baffled 
Elisa returned to her senses and looked at the door. “You may enter.” 
Standing right at the door, Albert quickly opened it and smiled at her. “Master Iris, I have some questions to ask you.” 
“Take a seat.” Her eyes flickered when she said that. 
He walked to her with a bright smile, making him a person who could be easily approached. 
Then, he passed the files and folders to Elisa before explaining, “I’m in charge of a case recently, and I thought I could win for sure. However, my opponent suddenly retrieved a piece of solid evidence, and I couldn’t find the points to refute him. Can you have a look?” 
He did not proceed to explain the details, for everyone already knew about Elisa’s capabilities. 
Elisa looked at the files in her hand with a calm expression on her beautiful face. At that moment, she had already calmed herself down. 
Taking this opportunity, Albert appraised her, not with the look that a man would give a woman, but with a look of admiration for his senior. 
Elisa ignored him and passed the files back to him after perusing them. 
“Your direction is correct, but you missed the main point.” 
Albert immediately froze as if he had suddenly recalled something. 
Elisa then gave a brief explanation. “The seventh point.”
With that, she stretched her fair and slender fingers to point at the seventh part of his handwritten notes. After reading it over, he immediately returned to his senses and replied to her gratefully, “Thank you so much, master!” 
With a pause, she said half-jokingly, “That makes me seem so old.” 
He guffawed loudly and replied, “Alright, I’ll call you Ms. Benett then. Thanks a lot for that. I won’t disturb you now.” 
Elisa nodded without uttering another word, but she sank into deep thoughts as she looked at his back. 
Albert. 
Albert. 
His name doesn’t ring a bell, but he looks familiar to me. 
His unique facial features made him look like he was born to interracial parents. Though she had never seen him, he felt very familiar to her. Her eyebrows were knitted into a frown until he reached the door. Then, she blurted out, “Wait.” 
He paused and turned around to smile at her. “Anything else, Ms. Benett?” 
“We’ve…” she started hesitantly, but she felt the question was too sudden. However, just as she shook her head, wanting to let the matter rest, he continued her sentence with a smile. 
“We’ve met before.” 
Elisa was stunned to hear that. She looked at him subconsciously with a dazed look in her eyes.
He merely said with a grin, “It’s been ten years, so it’s perfectly normal that you don’t remember it anymore.” 
With that, he turned around and walked outside, not wanting to bring up their past. 
He won’t tell me that we’ve met if he doesn’t feel like it, but why did he bring up the subject without any further explanation? she wondered. 
At that instant, she could not figure out the reasons for that. 
As the door slowly closed, she did not push him any further. 
Taking a deep breath, she thought, Forget it. Even if we’ve met, it might not have been important anyway. Otherwise, I would remember who he is. I still have many other important things to handle, so I shouldn’t be distracted by this. 
Just as she was about to think of her next step, her phone suddenly rang. In this silent space, the ringtone was quite loud.
###chapter192
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 192
Chapter 192 Some Pointers from Iris 
When she saw the caller id, coldness immediately seeped into her eyes. Nevertheless, in the next moment, she had already picked up the phone. 
“Hello, Uncle Norman.” 
She greeted him simply without much emotion in her voice. 
In the past, when she addressed him, she felt especially close to him, as though he was her father. 
At this moment, the word ‘uncle’ was no more than an ordinary salutation. In fact, it even exuded malicious intent every time she thought of it. 
I’ve never seen him in this light before. 
He immediately said with a smile, “Liz, are you still working now? Am I interrupting anything?” 
As usual, Norman put on a warm facade as though they were still in the past. 
Perhaps it was precisely because of that she felt closer to him. Whenever she thought about this, she felt as though someone had stabbed her in her heart. He had been plotting against Dad and me ever since he moved in with us. For the past ten years, they have been biding their time, and now they have finally succeeded. 
Elisa took a breath, trying to control the hatred in her voice before saying, “What’s the reason for the call at this hour?” 
“Oh… I just felt that you haven’t returned for a while now. Your aunt will cook something tonight, and she will make your favorite dishes. Why don’t you come back today for a meal together?”
In the past, she would be touched when she heard that. However, hearing the words come out of his mouth now, she could only think of them as hypocrites. 
They are so fake that I can’t help but hate them. 
Elisa did not want to drag out the conversation, and she needed to go back to handle some errands, so she replied directly, “Sure. I’ll be back tonight, but there’s no need to trouble Aunt Rose. It’s just a small reunion; you don’t have to go such lengths.” 
Reunion. She emphasized this word. 
Norman immediately laughed out loud. “Oh, don’t worry about that! Your aunt is droning on and on about making your favorite dishes! You go ahead and finish up your work first. I’ll wait for you at home.” 
“Sure.” 
Since she did not have anything else to tell him, they hung up the call. After that, she tried to calm herself down, but she felt irritable. 
If they really were the ones who were responsible for killing Dad, how did they deal with their conscience until now? 
She tightened her grip around her phone as loathe built up within her. 
She took another breath to keep her emotions in check before quickly immersing herself in work. This was the only way to lift her mind from those thoughts. 
Meanwhile, Albert walked outside of the office with no trace of frowns on his face anymore. Seeing the smile on his face, Jennifer knew that his problem was solved. 
The six of them had been discussing among themselves, but they could not find a solution.
It took such a short time before he came out looking so happy? 
Unable to help herself, she asked, “Are you smiling because you get to admire a beautiful woman at work just now? Is the case really resolved?” 
He smiled at her. “Of course, there’s nothing Iris cannot fix. She only reminded me of two points.”
###chapter193
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 193
Chapter 193 Her Previous Seat 
Taken aback, everyone looked at him in shock. “For real? What did Master Iris say?” a lawyer next to him asked. 
Albert smiled. “That I missed the main point, which is the seventh point.” 
“What’s the main point then?” Jennifer quickly asked. 
Albert opened his handwritten notes and pointed at the seventh index. With a sigh, he said, “I wrote this myself, but I didn’t notice it, and I didn’t dive deeper into it. No matter how prepared the opponent is, they still broke the law. I landed myself into a dead end.” 
Their expressions changed slightly when the rest of them saw what he pointed out. “Sure enough, Iris is impressive.” 
The lawyers who worked in this law firm were already elites in their field. On top of that, Charli did not hire anyone else, because the six of them had already made their name as lawyers. 
However, when they lost track of the big picture, Iris was able to resolve their confusion so easily. 
This clearly showed how capable she was. 
Jennifer tightened her hold on the pen in her hand. Even though she was jealous, there was nothing she could do about this situation. She kept picking on Elisa before this when she did not know her identity. Now that her boss was Iris, she no longer had the courage to bad-mouth her boss. 
After all, it was already an honor to be working there.
Even though the working conditions were not as great – they did not have an office to themselves – it was a special arrangement from Charli to encourage discussion among them. 
Jennifer became increasingly worried upon seeing this. Panic shot across her eyes when she saw Albert’s energetic looks. It looks like… such a brilliant man like him will fall for Elisa. What should I do in the future? 
Time quickly passed by, and it was time to get off from work. 
Elisa walked outside in her heels. Since she had already decided to pay Norman and his family a visit, she had no intentions of delaying her arrival. 
It took almost an hour to reach their place, but as soon as she walked into the lawn, her heart jolted involuntarily. 
I used to stay here! And this is the result of Dad’s hard work over the years. How could they stay here so righteously? 
Drawing another breath, she got out of the car. Norman was a tactful person; as soon as he saw her, he immediately walked out to welcome her with a smile on his face. “Liz is back! Come on in, Rose is still cooking in the kitchen. There are only two dishes left, and they’ll be ready in no time!” 
Elisa nodded at him as Linda walked out of the house with a warm smile. “Liz, you’re finally willing to come back here.” 
What a great use of the words ‘finally’ and ‘willing’ to imply that I used to detest this place. 
She did not reply to Linda; instead, she walked into the house directly. 
“Let’s wash our hands before we start.”
There were already eight dishes on the table, while Rose pretended to be busy in the kitchen. Elisa did not believe that she would cook the dishes herself. I bet the maids made all of these, and Rose only went to the kitchen to put on an act after I arrived. 
Nevertheless, Elisa went to the washroom to wash her hands before taking a seat at her previous spot at the dining table. 
Norman was slightly taken aback when he saw that, and a look of displeasure flitted across Linda’s eyes. 
She sat at a spot where the host would usually sit. To an outsider, it might look as though she was trying to take over the host’s place. But to her, the place was hers to begin with. 
In the past, her father would take that seat, and she would be seated right next to him. Now that he was not around anymore, she deemed herself the rightful owner of the place.
###chapter194
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 194
Chapter 194 Back for the Assets? 
Though Norman was displeased by her actions, he did not comment on it. Instead, he sat right in front of her and smiled at her warmly. “Liz, why did you suddenly decide on a divorce a while back? Have you thought about telling me about your decision? If he doesn’t treat you well, I will stand up for you.” 
“Standup for me?” 
When I was pushing for a divorce, the entire news went viral online. Everyone in the country, hell, even the entire world knew about it. On top of that, he was at the dinner party. Do I still need to tell him about it? Do I even need to inform him personally about it? 
She knew very well that Norman did not want their relationship to be too tense. Otherwise, he would not have said such sweet words and invited her back. 
In my opinion, there are two reasons for him doing this now. Firstly, he worries about Grandma’s support for me in the Wickam family. Because of her influential position, he’s worried that she might not give Linda a chance. Secondly, I am Iris. Suppose he really annoys me, with my capabilities as a lawyer, as long as I collaborate with his opponents and file a lawsuit, I will be able to make them compensate with an inordinate amount of money. After all… even Gareth paid that much, let alone him. I bet he’s wary of me now. 
She remained silent, with no intentions of replying to him, making him feel slightly awkward. Her reaction triggered Linda’s anger. 
At this moment, Rose brought the final two dishes to the table. However, as soon as she saw Elisa sitting in the host’s seat, she immediately froze in annoyance. Does she still think that this is her house? How rude of her? Does she even understand social norms?
Nevertheless, she could not utter any complaints about that because they were recording their conversation the entire time. 
After she placed the two dishes on the table, she chuckled. “You’ve arrived just at the right time, Liz. I’ve finished cooking, but my techniques might be slightly unrefined because I haven’t cooked for a while. Why don’t you give it a try first?” 
Linda passed over some cutlery to her with a smile. “Here you go, Liz.” 
Elisa took it from her and began helping herself to the food at ease. She had no plans of saying anything unnecessary. 
Nevertheless, the rest of the family planned to find a topic for their conversation. After all, they planned to release the recordings to the public eventually. 
Starting with a sigh, Norman said, “Liz, are you holding grudges against us?” 
Elisa returned a calm smile before replying, “Of course not. After Dad’s passing, you’ve been temporarily managing the company on his behalf. No matter what, I should be grateful to you.” 
Upon hearing that, the remaining three family members changed their expressions immediately. 
Temporarily managing. This is clearly my company now. Since when have I been temporarily managing it? 
Nevertheless, he could not be bothered to correct her. Instead, he merely smiled back at her. “Hahaha! Liz, you are being too polite! We are a family; there’s no need to be so precise with your words!” 
Elisa nodded. “You’re right, Uncle Norman, but we must be clear on the details. This time around, I also have something to discuss with you.”
Linda was startled to hear that. The reason for asking her to come back today is to gain control of the situation. When we release this recording, we will gain the upper hand. Yet, she’s aiming directly for the assets as soon as she returns? 
Even Rose and Norman’s faces darkened. However, the next moment, he asked with a smile, “Is that so? What’s there to discuss?” 
Elisa only replied after she finished munching. “When Dad passed, I remembered you said that I was too young, so you will manage the company on my behalf so it won’t go bankrupt. I even transferred my shares to you.”
###chapter195
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 195
Chapter 195 That’s About It 
He froze slightly. Since this was the truth, there was harm in denying it. Hence, he nodded with a smile, “That’s right.” 
Since the entire company knew about it, he had to agree with her. In addition, they even signed a formal black-and-white contract that clearly defined the situation. The company belongs to me now! No one can even think of taking it away from me! 
Both Rose and Linda looked at Elisa subconsciously. So, she’s planning to get it back. Who is she kidding? Does she think that she could get it back just like that? Does she think that she can do anything now? W-Wait…a moment! The contract! She is Iris, after all! Is she able to find some loopholes in the contract? 
In that instant, Linda lost her composure. 
Elisa nodded. “Since that’s the case, can you return the shares back to me, Uncle Norman? I don’t need the profits from this year. After all, I can’t make you do the work for nothing. After that, I will personally handle the business; you don’t have to spend so much effort in managing the company anymore.” 
Norman’s face darkened slightly, but after a moment, he shook his head helplessly. “Young lady, we are a family, so I would give you anything you ask for. But Elisa, this is not the right time. We have a few major projects ongoing that require a leader to handle them. Over these few years, I spent a lot of time and effort gaining the approval of the senior management staff. If I transfer the shares over to you, you will have difficulty gaining their trust, and the projects might fail. This will be a great loss to the Benett family.” 
“How do you know I cannot handle them single-handedly?” Elisa demanded calmly.
Norman flashed an exasperated smile again. “Liz, I know you still have a lot to learn, seeing how you have just started working. It’s natural that you have pride in yourself, thinking that anything is possible. However, more often than not, things are not as simple as you imagine. If you really wish to join the company, you could start from the bottom. If you can overcome the challenges, I will surely return the position to you.” 
There was a slight change in Linda’s expression, but she soon understood what her father implied in his words. 
It’s difficult to start from the bottom and slowly make her way up. In addition, is she even capable of climbing the corporate ladder? 
Elisa arched her eyebrows and said in a half-joking tone, “From the bottom? Are you belittling me, or is it because I’m not your daughter, Uncle Norman? Do you think you could simply placate your niece?” 
“Hahaha! What are you rambling about, Liz? This is an important task after all! You have to understand that our corporation is not a small business. If you know our actual worth, you might even find the numbers unbelievable! Since you have plans to take over Benett Corporation, you should not be hasty about it!” 
“In that case, what plans do you have for me?” She did not retaliate, instead, she merely looked at him. 
Norman was slightly taken aback by her question. Is she really considering joining the corporation? Hah, if she dares to do that, she shouldn’t blame me for giving her a hard time. If she’s working outside, I wouldn’t have a clue what she’s up to. However, it’s different if she joins the company because she will work directly under me. At the same time, with her reputation as Iris, other companies would not dare to mess with us.
After mulling it over, Norman finally said in resignation, “I know that you are the elite in the law industry. Logically speaking, you should be located in the corporate law department, but you know very well that we are primarily focused on business. Even if you reach the highest position in the law department, that’s about it.”
###chapter196
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 196
Chapter 196 Staying Over 
Elisa let out a cold snort in her mind, knowing that Norman was unwilling to put her in a position that would utilize her expertise. 
Similarly, she had no intentions to take back control for Benett Corporation even though she brought the subject up on this day. Since they had already signed the contract, it would be very difficult to make Norman return it to her. 
To add a layer of challenge to her journey, her late father did not set up a will before he passed. As his elder brother, Norman had the right to inherit his legacy. 
Nonetheless, she did not have many shares in her hand back then. Since the contract had already been signed, she decided to let it go. 
What she was really after was not as simple as her shares; she wanted all the shares back from Norman’s family. 
She also wanted to rip their hypocritical masks and chase them away from Benett Corporation. 
“Go ahead, Uncle Norman.” 
Meanwhile, both Rose and Linda remained silent, trusting their father’s decisions. 
He must have his own reasons for doing so. 
Norman sighed before continuing, “Liz, you know very well that our corporation relies heavily on business dealings and transactions with other companies, and we have shortages in the marketing department. Why don’t you start there?”
Elisa frowned, but she did not utter a word. 
Upon hearing that, Linda sneered. Elisa is such a proud creature; she would never consider this. I bet Dad is using this excuse to deter her. 
Norman smiled and sighed lamentfully. “Traditionally speaking, as a part of the Benett family, you are entitled to the position of a department manager directly. But, since you intend to take over the company, you have to build your name up with your solid skills. This will help you in your aspirations. Am I right?” 
Elisa pursed her lips, thinking about his words quietly. 
Thinking that she was unwilling to do so, Linda quickly advised her, “Liz, I’m also working there now, and I started from being a secretary. You must go through different hardships before being assigned a heavy task.” 
Rose also sighed. “I know it’s not a pleasant option for you, but this is the reality. Otherwise, how would you make everyone listen to you? If you take over Benett Corporation directly without enough experience up your sleeves, it’s going to be chaos. I’m sure you wouldn’t want to see that, would you?” 
She hesitated for another second before finally speaking, “I’ll consider it.” 
Seeing that she had relented, Norman softened his stance slightly. Smiling at her, he said, “Sure, take your time. If you decide to take the opportunity, just let me know. I’ll make the arrangements for you so you don’t have to go through the formal processes.” 
Elisa was speechless when she heard that. Does he mean that he’s making me take the backdoor? How sweet it sounds! They don’t know that entering my real intentions are to join the company to impress everyone with my skills. Since I said outright that I have plans to regain control over the
company, Uncle Norman did not say precisely that he was unwilling to do so because he was worried that I might be recording the conversation. Hence, he used such methods to reject me. In this case, it would be easy for me to join the company in the future. I understand that he will not fulfil his side of the promise even if I have produced spectacular results – that would be impossible. Nevertheless, I will definitely take Benett Corporation back so that Dad’s hard work wouldn’t be taken over by these ungrateful scums! 
“Liz, why don’t you stay the night? You are just a young woman, it’s not good that you always travel around late. We are your only remaining family since your father passed. You can treat me as your father, alright? Don’t be too hard on yourself, Liz. If you have any troubles, feel free to tell me.” 
Elisa nodded after hearing that. “Thanks, Uncle Norman. I also have plans to stay the night.” 
Both Linda and Rose were dumbfounded when they heard that. 
Even Norman was momentarily stunned when he heard that. She has never been close to us. Is she really going to stay the night?
###chapter197
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 197
Chapter 197 What Can She Do? 
In the next second, he feigned surprise. “That’s great that you are willing to stay!” 
Linda also pretended to be delighted when she heard that. “You are finally willing to stay here, Liz!” 
Again, the word ‘finally’. 
After hearing that, Elisa was positive that they were already recording the entire conversation. 
In fact, she was also doing the same thing, so she was not worried about them publishing the conversation out of context. 
Elisa nodded. “I avoided this place because Dad passed in this house. I was not prepared to face the truth yet. Now that it’s been a while, I know that I can’t continue to run away. I’ll be staying in his old room today. I’m sure no one touched his belongings in that room, isn’t that so, Uncle Norman?” 
“Of course! His belongings are still there!” 
This was one of the points that Norman was unhappy about. The master bedroom was Elisa’s father’s old room. Even though their family was currently staying here, they could not sleep in his room and could only settle for the guest rooms for moral reasons. 
Back then, he was unable to buy another property using the money he inherited from his dead brother because it would seem to the public that he was squandering the money of the dead. Now that some time had passed, he was preparing to acquire a new property in a few days’ time. 
Hence, he replied with a grin, “Liz, this place will always be your home. Seeing how much you miss this place, especially your father, I think it’s a good idea for me to buy another house and leave this to you.”
After all, this property was under Elisa’s name. Norman could take the company shares, but they could not take this place away too so that Elisa would not suspect them. 
Now that they were overflowing with money, another mansion was not a big deal. Since this place was getting older, they were willing to relocate. 
Elisa nodded. “Yeah, moving out is a good idea since this place is getting older anyway. I’ll treat this house as a token of memories.” 
Norman was speechless to hear that. 
Elisa is really good at spinning words around now. I told her that I was willing to relocate to leave this place to her out of goodwill, yet she said that this place is getting older, making it seem like our intentions aren’t genuine. 
Rose returned to her senses and quickly beamed. “To us, it doesn’t matter where we stay. But since this place contains your cherished memories, of course we would leave it to you entirely. Even if we move out, our new place will always be open to you. Don’t be too courteous with us, okay?” 
Elisa merely nodded without replying to her. Obviously, she did not want to be as hypocritical as them. 
Each of them harbored their own thoughts during the dinner. As soon as Elisa finished eating, she could not be bothered wasting her breath on them. Since they had touched on the essential topics, she announced gently, “I’m heading back to the room for a rest.” 
Norman nodded with a smile. “Go ahead.” 
After she entered her room, the remaining three of them also went to their room. With a solemn expression on her face, Rose asked, “Dear, Elisa clearly has her own motives for entering the company. Is it a wise decision to let her join the company?”
“What’s there to be worried about?” Norman scoffed disdainfully. “She’s only going to be the most basic employee in the marketing department whom anyone could trample over. We can directly tell the supervisors there to give her a hard time to build up her endurance. On top of the marketing department, we also have the auditing department. There’s nothing to be worried about.” 
Linda also let out a giggle. “Precisely. I will give her a hard time personally.” 
Upon hearing that, Rose immediately nodded fervently. “That’s right. Even though Linda is not the manager in the marketing department, because of her background, she already wields the power of a manager. With her pressuring Elisa, what can that woman do about it?”
###chapter198
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 198
Chapter 198 Distance 
As they talked about it, the they became more excited. Elisa curved her lips slightly into a smile and asked, “Does Elisa think that she’s invincible just because she’s an elite lawyer? I suddenly understand why you did that, Dad. If you don’t let her return to the Benett Corporation, she might work with our opponents, and once she finds some loopholes in the contracts, she will help them in taking legal action. We would lose a huge sum of money because of that, so it’s better to keep her close so we can keep an eye on her.” 
Norman looked at his daughter with great satisfaction. “Sweetie, your intelligence is superb! I would be relieved to hand over the company to you in the future.” 
Rose also nodded along, feeling impressed by her. “Precisely. Our daughter is so smart that we won’t have any worries about handing over the business to her.” 
Linda smiled back at them. “Let’s work together as a family and kick Elisa out of the picture completely, making her unable to return for good.” 
Rose let out a cold snort. “If Elisa brings up the topic of taking over Benett Corporation again, let’s give her a few difficult challenges so that she’ll end up being hated by all the stakeholders who won’t allow her to return. When that time comes, she will be a complete failure.” 
… 
At the same time, Elisa felt a strong sense of melancholy as soon as she stepped into her late father’s old room. Looking at the room that still looked the same, tears began to fill her eyes unknowingly. 
She was telling the truth just now – it was true that she avoided this place because she did not want to be reminded of the sad memories here.
As soon as she thought of her father’s passing, she felt devastated. 
When she caught the eye of a picture of them, she subconsciously walked toward it. 
The loving smile on his face made her unable to stop her tears. 
She took the picture and held it close to her face. 
Dad… This is my dear father… 
With that thought in mind, she closed her eyes heartbrokenly. She could not even bring herself to utter a word. 
His passing is simply too sudden. I wonder if I can find some clues in this room. 
Even though she knew that Norman had most likely destroyed the evidence, she recollected herself and started looking around the room. 
… 
Meanwhile, at Wickam Group, Gareth pored through a huge stack of documents on his desk. Working overtime had become a norm for him. 
As he opened a new folder, someone suddenly knocked on his door. 
“Come in.” 
After hearing his icy orders, his assistant, Thomas, quickly walked into the room. However, Gareth did not look up from the document he had been perusing.
Thomas took a deep breath before saying, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett returned to the Benett family today.” 
As soon as Gareth heard the word ‘Ms. Benett’, his hand that was holding a pen immediately froze. In the next second, he lifted his head to look at Thomas. 
“What for?” 
“I don’t understand the details yet. I think the Benett family had invited her over. This is what we know so far, and…” 
His voice trailed off hesitantly at this point, eliciting a frown on Gareth’s face. “Spit it out.” 
Thomas jolted and quickly replied, “She stayed the night.” 
Gareth immediately frowned without saying a word, but he had a lot of unanswered questions in his mind. 
Since their marriage, Elisa had never returned to the Benett family, making others think that they were not close. 
But now…
###chapter199
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 199
Chapter 199 You’re Up Early 
“Got it.” 
Seeing that Gareth had no other orders, Thomas nodded and left. 
… 
Under Elisa’s unwavering determination, she found a medicine bottle without any labels. 
When she opened it, she saw white, rounded pills. 
What are these? What illness did Dad contract back then? Did he keep it from me so that I wouldn’t be worried? 
Her lips were pressed together into a fine line, but she placed the pills back into the bottle to avoid notice. 
Apart from that, there were no other suspicious things in the room, and she eventually gave up on her search. 
After taking a shower, she slept in the room, but she did not sleep well at all. 
In addition to that, she seemed to have seen her father when she was in a half-asleep state. 
She immediately sat up, but just as she was about to call him out, the figure suddenly disappeared. 
The room was extremely quiet. She could not help heaving a sigh, knowing that it was just an illusion. 
She curled her legs to herself and hugged the blankets. 
I really miss him.
Just like that, the night slowly passed. 
Elisa did not have a good sleep for the rest of the night, so she woke up early the next day. After brushing up, she went downstairs and saw Rose getting busy in the kitchen. 
This family really knows how to put on a show. She snorted internally. 
When they had just moved over, Rose claimed that she would do the chores and cooking, but they had maids who had already been doing that. 
Nevertheless, she was great at cooking, so she often cooked delicious food for them, making Elisa’s father feel guilty. Because of that, he treated Norman’s family even better. 
Unfortunately, in exchange for his kindness, they betrayed him and plotted against him as if they were a pack of wolves. 
In fact, even wolves were social creatures who would cherish their pack. But Norman and his family are worse! 
Elisa clenched her fists slightly, but she immediately calmed down as soon as Rose turned around to look at her. 
With a smile, Rose asked, “Why are you up so early today? Not sleeping in?” 
“I think I didn’t sleep well in Dad’s room, so I plan to go back today.” She looked at Rose peacefully. When the latter looked sorry for her, she added, “Last night, I dreamed of Dad. He was telling me that his death was unjust, and he even bled tears of blood.” 
Rose’s expression immediately changed upon hearing that, but she just heaved a sigh. “Alas… it is true that your father was way too young when he passed. If we found out about his heart condition
earlier, it might have been prevented…” 
As she elaborated on the topic, she seemed to be more miserable, as if her own father had passed away. 
Elisa merely ignored her and announced, “Aunt Rose, I have some other matters to deal with, so I will take my leave first.” 
“Oh, no, Liz! At least have some breakfast! I made some porridge specially for you, and it tastes quite nice. Have some of it before you go. It’s not healthy to skip breakfast!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, Linda also reached the kitchen. When she saw that Elisa was about to leave, she quickly walked over. “Liz, you can’t be that busy to be unable to spare another ten to fifteen minutes. Let’s have breakfast first, and I have something to tell you too.” 
Elisa shot a glance at her before finally giving a nod. “Sure.” 
Linda froze slightly. Elisa seems to agree with us without any ions lately. Why do I have an ominous feeling about this? 
Shortly after that, Norman also came from the second floor. With a smile on his face, he noted, “You’re up quite early, Liz.”
###chapter200
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 200
Chapter 200 Do You Know What Grandma Said About You? 
Elisa merely gave a silent nod, but she looked at ease. 
Soon, breakfast was served by Rose, and everyone enjoyed the porridge at the dining table. 
Linda shot a glance at Elisa before asking hesitantly, “Liz, are you still mad at me about what happened at Grandma’s birthday?” 
Elisa replied, “Of course not. If I’m still mad at you, why would I come back here for a meal with you?” 
Linda was at a loss for words after hearing her reply. The way she speaks now is so direct and obstinate. Now, how do I continue the conversation? 
She inhaled before continuing helplessly, “Things are not what you see that day. It was never my intention to prepare a gift better than yours. We are sisters, after all, and neither of us are better than the other. It’s a misunderstanding caused by the malicious intentions of others to set us apart. Liz, my gift that day was not a lapis lazuli bracelet. Someone switched it without my knowledge.” 
Coldness seeped into Elisa’s face as she thought. We already had a fallout before this, yet she’s explaining herself now. 
To someone who knew the actual situation, they would definitely suspect Linda of putting on an act for the maids, but Elisa knew for sure that Linda was recording the entire conversation. 
If she continued the flow of the conversation like that, people would suspect her of being the person who set Linda up as soon as the latter published the recording. She never cared about the comments on the Internet, but she would never allow Julia to believe those rumors.
Linda is greedy, and she wants to take that opportunity to outshine me. Even if she has plans to frame me, if she never had such thoughts, she would never fall for that trap. 
“In that case, what did you buy?” Elisa turned around to look at her. 
“I bought some other exquisite gifts, of course. But at that moment, I was not in a position to say anything. Tell me the truth, Liz, were you the one who switched the gift? We are a family, so I will not blame you for that and let bygones be bygones. However, if the culprit is someone else, I will never let them off the hook!” 
Clearly, Linda was threatening Elisa, but the latter merely smiled. “I bought it to set you up? Do you really think this makes sense, Linda?” 
“Back then, you told me that you liked it and asked me to buy it. Without a second thought, I bought it for you, but why did it appear in the gift I prepared for Grandma?” 
Elisa merely said coldly, “You are recording the conversation, aren’t you?” 
Linda froze before she quickly replied, “Of course not.” 
“If you’re not doing that, why did you fabricate such a story? Since when have I said something like that?” 
Linda’s expression slightly changed, but before she said anything, Elisa interjected, “Nevertheless, it’s already in the past. You sowed the seeds yourself, so now you have to face the consequences. If you pursue the matter further, the insults toward you will only be worse. Good advice is always ill-received, and I know you don’t like hearing them. However, now that it has come to this point, do you really think you could redeem yourself?”
The hatred in Linda’s eyes intensified, but there was a smirk in her eyes. It was never my plan to make Elisa admit this, but this is enough evidence for me to use! I never needed any concrete evidence; as long as the netizens believe this side of my story, it’s enough. After all, I can’t really blame the whole thing on Elisa. It’s more than enough if my perspective is clarified. 
Obviously, Elisa knew what she had been scheming. “When I brought Grandma to the temple today, she mentioned about you in the car. Do you know what she said?” Elisa asked slowly.
###chapter201
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 201
Linda froze. Even Norman and Rose peeked up. The both of them had wanted to interject, but they missed the opportunity to do so. 
“What?” Rose blurted out. 
Linda stared at Elisa’s smirking face “Grandma said that she liked you despite your sly, calculative ways. If possible, she would even support you marrying her grandson. Somehow you managed to wash your hands clean of the evil deeds you’ve done and prove that you had nothing to do with it, but did you really think that we would be blind to the things you’ve done?” 
Linda’s expression darkened. 
Elisa‘ 
She was planning something! 
She knew that she was being recorded, which was why Elisa had mentioned grandma’s name She thought that this would scare her. 
As she was about to release the recordings, Elisa suddenly said, “Gareth drove us yesterday. He recorded everything we said during the drive. Seeing how you’re such great friends with him, I’m sure he wouldn’t mind sharing a copy of the recordings with you.” 
There was a slight change in Linda’s expression. Did grandma really say that? 
Elisa glanced at her and sneered. She had the recordings on her and could let her have a listen if she wanted to. But if she did so, Linda would be even more guarded with her.
Rose looked tense. She let out a fake laugh, “Let’s eat. We shouldn’t be talking about such things so early in the morning. Are you guys going to work straight after breakfast?” 
“Yes We’ve been pretty bogged down with work recently.” Linda quickly answered. 
She seemed to suddenly think of something and turned to Elisa, “Elisa, did you have time to think over what your dad said yesterday? Would you like to join the family business?” 
All three of them turned to look at Elisa simultaneously. 
Linda sneered. She thought that there was no chance Elisa would agree to this. Suddenly, Elisa nodded and said with conviction, “I spent all night thinking about it. My father gave everything he had to this company, and if he wants me to take over, I cannot let him down. I’ll do it, no matter how difficult it may be.” 
Linda, “” 
She was being extremely stubborn about this. 
Norman burst out in laughter. “You are a Benett through and through! Elisa, if you’re sure about this, I feel I need to let you know that the road ahead will not be smooth sailing for you. Uncle will let the board know, and they will make things extremely difficult for you. Are you ready to take up the challenge?” 
Elisa nodded, “I am.” 
She would do it, no matter how difficult it may be. 
Taking back the company shouldn’t be an issue. The contract she signed with Norman was full of loopholes she could take advantage of. She could reclaim her shares,
However, it would not be enough. Three percent of the shares that her father had was to be divided among their relatives. 
She wanted all of them, not just a little amount. 
Entering Benett Corporation would be the first step to regaining them. 
“That’s great! You’re joining the family business! I guess it’s only natural that you do so, you are still a Benett, after all. You’ll be able to help us out as Iris if the company were to face any legal troubles in the future. You’ll 
have to..” 
Norman did not finish his sentence, but it was obvious what he was meaning to say.
###chapter202
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 202
Elisa nodded. “Of course. I can’t just stand by and do nothing when the family faces trouble. But uncle, we shouldn’t do shady things just for profit.” 
Norman chuckled, “Of course! Don’t worry! There’s nothing shady about the company!” 
Elisa nodded. She believed him. Norman did not have the balls to do something that risky. 
In the past, he had spent a stint in jail after he had gotten caught for doing this. He would not dare to do it again. 
“Okay then. We’ll be waiting for you to take the lead.” 
Norman felt that it was a good idea for Elisa to join the company. It made him feel that there was hope for the Benett family, as she was someone who would do anything in her power for family. 
And they would have a solution for whatever problems they faced in the future! 
With Iris taking the lead, no one would dare raise a lawsuit against the Benetts. 
After all, they had a snowball’s chance in hell of winning! 
Linda had the same thought. Even though she did not see eye to eye with Elisa, she had to admit that there were more pros than cons for the Benett family if she joined the company. 
But! 
She clenched her left fist when she remembered the embarrassment Old Madam Wickam had suffered at the birthday banquet. Was she really going to suffer this in silence?!
She would not take this lying down! 
“Then… How about I take you to work today, then?” Norman asked tentatively. 
Elisa shook her head. “I’ll start going next week. There are still some things I need to take care of.” 
Norman nodded and chuckled. “Alright then. I’ll leave you to it.” 
“Uncle, I may still have things I need to do after starting at the company, but do not worry. I will not let it affect my work there. Will this be a problem?” 
“That’s only natural. You may be my niece, but even if you were an ordinary employee at the company, it’s your right to apply for leave. If your work remains unaffected, it just proves that you are capable!” 
Elisa nodded but didn’t say anything. 
It’s a good thing she was recording this entire conversation. It’ll save her a lot of trouble if he ever does go back on his word in the future. 
They continued to shoot the breeze. The conversation had nothing noteworthy. 
Elisa departed after breakfast was over. 
But… Instead of going to the law firm… 
Elisa was holding a large bouquet of lilies when she got out of the car 
She was dressed head to toe in black. She was sullen, and her shoulders were hunched over in sorrow. 
Elisa was grief–stricken. She stopped at his tombstone.
A photograph of her father was engraved into the tombstone. He had a warm smile as if he had been waiting for her to come. Elisa was almost overcome by anguish. 
She placed the flowers against his tombstone. She smiled wanly at his photograph. “Dad, I’m sorry it took me so long to come see you.” 
She reined in her sorrow. 
But… 
Her voice was shaking, and her tears would not stop falling. 
Elisa sat down and leaned against his tombstone. 
“Dad, forgive me for being so selfish. I was afraid to come see you. I was afraid of facing the truth. I couldn’t even bring myself to go home.” 
Her tears streamed down her cheeks, but Elisa paid them no mind. She took in a deep breath. “Dad, did you know? My biggest regret in life is not knowing that you were sick. I didn’t even make it in time to see you before you left. Dad… I regret it all…” Her voice wouldn’t stop trembling. 
Elisa closed her eyes slowly. Her grief seemed to seep out of her pores. 
Her grief was apparent to everyone who saw her. 
A man dressed in a black suit stood not far behind her. His lips were pressed in a thin line as he stared at her.
###chapter203
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 203
He frowned. He felt conflicted. He was standing far enough that she wouldn’t notice him unless she turned around but near enough that he could hear every word she was saying. 
Elisa touched her father’s face in the photo. Her heart thudded heavily in her chest. “Dad, I should have listened to you. I should never have married him…” 
The man’s heart sank. He stared hard at her and kept his distance. He restrained himself from approaching her. He wanted to hear what else she had to say, and it wouldn’t do for him to interrupt her. 
Elisa sighed. “Back then, you told me that rather than marrying the wrong person, you’d rather I never marry. But I loved him. Dad, did you know that I had been in love with him for so long that the years have blurred together. I don’t even know how long I have had these feelings for him. All I know is, he has never been far from the forefront of my mind from the moment I met him when I was a child.” 
The man was shocked. He stared at her in disbelief. He suddenly sneered. So what if she had spent all those years pining after him? Now she was going against him! 
Elisa pursed her lips. “But when Linda appeared, I knew that I had been acting a fool all along. He had hated me from the start. Why then should I continue to give him my heart if he was going to keep treating me this way? I am his wife in the eyes of the law, and yet here I am, being treated like the mistress trying to tear them apart using any means.” 
She chuckled. “Dad, I’m so sorry. I’ve wasted all the efforts you’ve put into raising me. I’m sorry for not following the path you’ve set for me. I’ve thought things through. If he doesn’t love me, my feelings for him will end here. It’ll be as if we had never met.”
Gareth gritted his teeth. This woman! 
Elisa’s eyes dulled with bitterness. “I used to think about what I would do if one day he were to toss me aside. I have spent many a sleepless night thinking about this. But no matter how I wished or prayed, it happened. I thought my heart would be broken beyond repair. But, Dad, the moment I signed those papers, I felt a sense of relief. I felt that I would be fine without him, maybe… He wasn’t the person I was meant to be with, after all. He wasn’t as important as I thought he was to me. At that moment, I realized that what love I had for him had disappeared because of the hatred he had shown towards me.” 
Gareth’s complexion paled. 
“Dad, I realized then that I should have trusted you. He was so talented. And he stood out from everyone else. But the thing was, he was never mine.” 
Elisa chuckled again. Relief was etched in her features. 
Gareth clenched his fists so hard that his veins bulged in his forehead. 
“Dad, I am a sorry excuse for a daughter. I’m sorry for taking so long to come see you. I am free now. There’s no one to order me around or to tell me what to do. So from now onwards, I’ll visit often.” 
“Don’t worry about me, Dad. Grandpa and Grandma Wickam treated me well during my time with them. They spoiled me as if I were their own granddaughter. They treated me well after you left. And it was Grandma Wickam who comforted me when I found out that you were not doing well.” 
Elisa looked down. Her tears fell uncontrollably. 
Gareth couldn’t see her cry, but he saw her shoulders shaking. He was shocked. Was she… Crying?
He had never seen her shed a tear in the past three years. He subconsciously took a step towards her.
###chapter204
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 204
But it was just a step. He stopped abruptly and felt confused. How could he even think about approaching 
her?! 
This could be Elisa’s plan all along! 
She had heard that he would come here and so came to see her father. Just so she could feign bumping into him here. She’d allow him to hear her heart–wrenching confessions, and it would touch and move him! 
Gareth sneered. Great plan, Elisa Benett! 
“Dad, I’m all on my own now, but you need not worry about me. I don’t need a man to survive. In fact, I’m just fine on my own. For three years, I set aside my career, my hobbies to be the perfect Mrs. Wickam. I thought that it was my responsibility to do so. But I no longer need to do that. I’ll do what you told me to do. I’ll be myself and do whatever makes me happy.” 
“I may have lost three years of my life on him, but it will no longer hold me back. Dad, just watch. I will shine. brighter than anyone. The fruits of your labor will come to fruition.” 
Gareth watched as Elisa leaned back against the tombstone. His eyes grew cold as he watched her cry. His jaw clenched as he took in her tearful conviction. 
The Elisa he knew would always put him first. After their divorce, she regained her life, but he was no longer a part of it. 
Was her love for him that fickle? Could it really disappear so easily?
Gareth pressed his lips together tightly as he glared daggers into her back. 
He had thought Elisa to be the perfect Wickam wife. Gentle and honorable. 
But the Elisa now before him was full of passion and had her own ideas. She was her own person. She exuded light, and she shone brightly. 
Elisa continued to chat with her father for a while longer. But she never mentioned Gareth again. 
Neither did she talk about her uncle and his family. She didn’t want him to see their faces. Elisa was afraid. that her father would know about what had happened, and he would feel sad. 
Some time had passed. Elisa sighed, “Dad, I can’t stay any longer. There are some things I need to take care of. But I’ll be back soon.” 
She straightened up and bowed three times towards the tombstone before leaving. 
Gareth emerged from his hiding spot when her silhouette disappeared from view. He approached the tombstone and saw the bouquet of lilies. His cold eyes revealed his conflicting feelings. 
At the Semoa Group. 
Carle was in his father’s, Edward Semoa’s, office. 
Edward sat in an office chair. He was fifty years old, but he looked like he was just broaching forty. He had a slight girth to his body, and he exuded the confidence that an older man would have. 
Edward frowned slightly at how calm Carle was. “How is the preparation going for the racing competition?” Carle nodded. “Everything is going as planned. Don’t worry, Dad.” 
Edward, “”
He stared at Carle in disbelief. “Everything is going as planned” 
Why did that not instill any confidence in him? 
Edward frowned when he saw Carle nodding at him. “Right now, anyone could see that we are at a disadvantage. The shareholders are also deliberately putting you in a difficult position. Back then, we could not back down from the challenge. You’d need to overcome this obstacle as long as you are to take over the company. I’m your father, and I know you better than you know yourself.” 
Carle smiled wide. “Dad, show me some faith.” He said calmly.
###chapter205
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 205
Edward, “” 
He knew his son! 
He couldn’t believe how confident his son was acting. “You. Who did you get?” 
He stared hard at his son’s face, hoping to see a hint of what he was feeling. 
But Carle just smiled mysteriously at the anticipation and confusion written all over his father’s face. He chuckled, “Dad, I don’t know if I’ll be able to complete this assignment with them. But if there’s one thing I’m sure of, it’s that we will win the race” 
Edward snorted. “We will win? Which professional racer did you manage to get your hands on? Is that why you’re so confident that you’ll win? Do you know that both the Wickam Group and the Darcey Group are competing against each other for Wisteria? The price they’re offering her is beyond your imagination. If either of them wins her over, we’ll have a snowball’s chance in hell of winning!” 
Carle chuckled inscrutably. “So what if they offer her loads of money? Just you wait. I have a surprise for 
you.” 
Edward’s eyebrow started to twitch furiously. He didn’t quite believe Carle, but his son was never one to lie If Carle really manage to get a real professional racer, then wouldn’t it be… 
Edward was filled with excitement, but he couldn’t allow it to show on his face. He was afraid of being disappointed if it did not meet his expectations.
Carle smiled. “Dad, I promise you that the surprise is the good kind. The race is about to start. Just wait and see.” 
Carle got to his feet. They had chatted long enough. “I should head back. I need to finish up on some things.” He smiled 
Carle had successfully convinced his father. Edward was filled with anticipation. He knew the chances of winning were low, but he couldn’t help but feel excited. 
Carle had already left. He took out his phone and thought of that stunning woman. Then, he took a deep breath before dialing the number. 
Elisa had just arrived at her parked car after leaving her father’s grace. She felt her phone vibrate and answered it before getting into the car. 
“Carle?” 
Gareth, who had been following her, heard her say the name. His face instantly soured. 
Elisa laughed audibly. “Don’t worry. I won’t go back on my promise. I’m all ready to go.” 
He glared at her coldly What had she promised Carle?! 
He did not know that Elisa had such a close male friend the three years they were married! 
As a man, he knew what other men were thinking! 
It was obvious to him what Carle was thinking! 
In his anger, Gareth had forgotten about Carle’s feelings for Elisa.
“I can’t do today, unfortunately. I’ve just been to the cemetery to visit my dad. I’ll need to go to the firm in a bit. There are some things that need my attention.” 
Gareth glared at her. His hands were clenched tightly into fists. 
“Hrm? You want to come over?” Elisa chuckled. “How about next time? We’ll come see him again next time you’re free. I remember my dad liking you a lot.” 
The vein in Gareth’s forehead was throbbing visibly. If only looks could kill, Elisa would have died a million times. 
What did Elisa’s father like about Carle? Did he want Carle Semoa as his son–in–law?!
###chapter206
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 206
How blind he had been! How could he have married such a fickle woman! 
Had she always been this friendly with men? During the three years they were married, did she stay loyal to him? 
Fine! Great! 
So much for feeling guilty! 
“Sure… I don’t think I can do today. Let’s wait until I actually succeed. Don’t worry, you’re not getting out of treating me to a free meal. I have to hang up. I’m just about to drive.” 
Gareth had an idea of what Carle was saying. His eyes burned when he saw the slight smile she was wearing after hanging up. 
Maybe she could feel his eyes on her, but Elisa turned and saw him glaring coldly at her. Elisa was shocked. 
Gareth? What is he doing here? 
Elisa had no intention of staying and chatting when she saw the look on his face. She was about to get into the car… 
“Elisa, I never knew how depraved you were. I guess you’re still in contact with Carle, huh?” Gareth sneered. 
Gareth regretted the words as soon as it left his mouth when he saw her eyes still bloodshot and red from crying earlier.
Elisa’s expression grew stormy. She started to vibrate with anger. Was this what he thought of her?! 
Did he not remember how good she was to him the three years they were married? How dare he try to insult her? He was as blind as he was before! 
Elisa kept her emotions from spilling over. She smirked. “What’s this I’m hearing? It’s fine when you do it, but when I do it, suddenly I’m depraved?” 
The guilt Gareth was feeling disappeared suddenly. He ground his teeth. “Elisa, you bitch!” 
Elisa sneered at him. “That’s the pot calling the kettle black. How about taking a look at yourself before calling me a bitch. It won’t do for you to insult yourself in your anger, now would it?” 
Gareth was so livid that he was at a loss for words. The Elisa he knew was soft–spoken and virtuous. But it was no surprise that this sharp tongue woman before him had chosen a career as a lawyer! 
She managed to attack him with barely any effort! 
“Great job! Elisa. You’re doing great!” Gareth was furious. 
Elisa raised an eyebrow at him. She didn’t know why they had bumped into each other here. She frowned exasperatedly. “Mr. Wickam, now that we are divorced, let’s go our own separate ways and not bother the other. We both know the things you did while we were married. And please stop trying to gaslight me. Let’s pretend to be strangers the next time we meet.” 
Elisa was about to round the car for the driver’s seat. 
Gareth took two large strides towards her. He grabbed her arms and lifted them above her head. 
Elisa struggled to tug free, but he held firm. Her face was stormy. “What do you think you’re doing, Mr. Wickam? Please have some sense of honor!”
“What honor do I need dealing with you?” Gareth snorted. 
There was a subtle change in her expression. She snickered. “Sounds about right.” 
That one short sentence completely ended their entire relationship. She had always been this uncompromising. Gareth’s pupils shrank. He scoffed at her. “Elisa, I don’t care what your motives are but reign yourself in. Stay away from Wickam Manor! Grandma might still see you as her granddaughter–in–law, but no one else does! Please have some sense of awareness!”
###chapter207
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 207
Gareth’s coldness and warning drove daggers into Elisa’s chest. But she chuckled lightly, “You know very well that if Grandma wants me over, she’ll make sure that you’ll be there too. She wants us to get together again. But after visiting Malcom at Lumineer Temple, she no longer insists that we get back together.” 
Gareth’s chest tightened. 
Elisa smiled. “That’s why there’s no need for you to be so worried. I remember how kind Grandma was to me. Rest assured that I will never hurt her. Grandma also won’t make me come visit her. If it were up to me, I would never darken your door ever again.” 
The hand that he had free was clenched into a fist. The vein in his forehead continued to throb. He shoved Elisa’s arm away. “That better be it!” 
Elisa smirked. Without another word, she circled the car to the driver’s seat. 
Without another glance at Gareth, she fastened her seatbelt and started the car. With a practiced hand, she disengaged the handbrake and put the car into gear. The car quickly sped away under Gareth’s watch. 
Gareth stood frozen. His anger was close to exploding. He stopped watching the car as Thomas was coming his way. Gareth closed his eyes to compartmentalize his emotions. 
“Mr. Wickam, everything’s settled. We can go now.” Thomas reported. He did not find anything amiss with Gareth. 
Gareth nodded and quickly left.
Time. 
Elisa had been receiving more phone calls than usual the past couple of days. But it was all calls from Wisteria’s phone. She did not pick up. 
She had made a promise to Carle and so would honor that promise. She would not entertain his competitors. Besides, if it weren’t for Carle, she wouldn’t even consider entering the race. 
Racing was her father’s favorite sport. She had enjoyed watching her father race. He was so good at it. But after she had learned how to race and won some of her own races, she got married, and her father passed away… 
She was in so much pain that the thought of racing again, made her sick. 
If Rachel had not called in a favor, she might still be stuck in that rut. 
The day of the race finally arrived. 
Elisa changed the way she looked so that she was unrecognizable. 
She was always under scrutiny as Mrs. Wickam. Her identity as a lawyer was also revealed. It’ll be nice if she could keep her identity as a racecar driver a secret. 
Carle and his people had arrived before her. It was an important event, meaning many high–level executives had made their way here. 
Especially… People like Edward Semoa who was looking forward to watching his son succeed. Carle had filled him with so much anticipation that he had come too. 
He wanted to see who this professional racecar driver that his son had managed to bag.
Rachel and Sheena had also arrived, and the two girls were chatting with Carle. Edward was an easygoing parent. He didn’t mind them becoming friends. Besides, the two girls did not come from an ordinary background. 
More friends meant more opportunities. While they were waiting, someone caught their eye. 
Rachel’s eyes lit up when she saw who it was. She waved excitedly at Elisa, “Babe, we’re over here!”
###chapter208
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 208
She knew Elisa was hiding her identity, so she didn’t call out her name. However, her exclamation attracted the attention of the passers–by, who then followed her gaze to notice a slender figure. 
Looking aloof, Elisa wasn’t bothered by the gazes and walked toward Rachel and the others. 
Edward subconsciously glanced toward Elisa. When he saw another girl walking toward them, he instinctively glanced at Carle. Although he wasn’t against Carle making friends with girls, he was confused why he was only surrounded by female friends. 
Doesn’t he have any guy friends? This is ridiculous. 
At that thought, Edward’s expression turned gloomy. Nevertheless, he was an experienced businessman who had been in the industry for a few decades, so he hid his emotions well. 
Soon, Elisa stood in front of the gang and smiled at them. “Hey, you guys are early!” 
Carle was astonished when he saw the vast difference between Elisa’s disguise and her original appearance. However, even though she wore a disguise, her elegant and mature aura remained as enchanting as always. 
Carle smiled and said to Elisa, “This is my father.” 
Elisa immediately gazed at Edward and nodded at him with a smile. “Nice to meet you, Mr. Semoa.” 
Edward, too, nodded with a smile. “Nice to meet you.” 
Then, he turned to ask Carle, “Who is this girl?” 
I’ve never seen her before, but I tell from her demeanor that she’s not an ordinary girl.
Carle smiled and answered, “Dad, she’s the racer I invited.” 
“What?!” 
Despite Edward trying to stay calm, there was a sudden change in his expression as he stared at Carle in disbelief. As a dignified man, he did not reprimand Carle on the spot, but the displeasure in his eyes was obvious, as if he was asking, ‘Is this the surprise you prepared for me?!‘ 
Carle knew what was on his father’s mind, but he didn’t explain immediately. Instead, he smiled and replied, “Yeah, this is our boss racer. Stay tuned to witness how we’re going to win the race later, Dad.” 
“You… This is nonsense!” 
Edward’s expression turned ghastly. Initially, he thought Carle would make the appropriate arrangement, so he specially came over to witness the surprise his son had prepared for him. But now, what is this punk doing? He actually got a woman to participate in the car race?! This is totally absurd! Most women have terrible driving skills. I can’t believe he hired a female car racer. A professional female car racer? Has he lost his mind?! 
At that moment, Edward could no longer hold in his anger. He grasped Carle’s arm and dragged him to the side. 
When Rachel saw that, she laughed in spite of herself. “Honey, guess what’s Mr. Semoa going to do with Carle.” 
Sheena, too, burst into laughter. “It seems like Carle didn’t inform Mr. Semoa about the details. I bet it’s driving Mr. Semoa up the wall.” 
–
Elisa merely put on a faint smile and did not respond. She looked at the crowd who was waiting for the race to begin – some had taken a seat while some were standing. Elisa sat down and said with a smile, “Let’s wait for a while more. It seems like the race won’t start anytime soon.” 
Rachel sat beside Elisa and laughed, “Yeah, we’re early. I wonder how Mr. Semoa is feeling now. He woke up 
early in the morning to see which skillful big shot Carle had hired, but it turned out to be a young chick. Haha! 
He must think that all his effort has gone down the drain.”
###chapter209
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 209
Sheena sat down and looked at Edward and Carle, who were still walking away from them. She smiled and muttered, “Carle’s probably going to be scolded.” 
“Haha! That’s for sure…” 
Meanwhile, Edward dragged Carle to a place where no one else was around. His darkened face was horrifying. Finally, he blurted all the words that he held in just now. “Have you lost your mind?! I invested so much time and effort, hoping that you can take over Semoa Group. I understand that you might not be able to find an outstanding car racer, but why did you hire a woman to make up for it? What a surprise from you, Carle Semoa!” 
I’m more shocked than surprised! This is utterly embarrassing! 
Carle had expected this reaction from Edward. He smiled and said, “Dad, do you only have so little trust in me?” 
Startled, Edward was tongue–tied for a moment. But she’s just a young chick. Is she reliable? It requires exceptional driving skills and a mature mentality to be a car racer. I doubt she can drive a normal car, let alone a race car! 
Carle sighed, “Dad, since I promised to give you a surprise, not a shock, I would definitely keep my word. What’s wrong with female car racers? They could have proficient skills as well. Dad, do you really think she’s just an ordinary girl?” 
Carle observed his father’s expression and perceived his complicated yet doubtful look. A smile tugged at his lips. “Keep watching, Dad. You’ll know how outstanding she is.”
After all, she’s someone whom I hope dad will approve of as his daughter–in–law. I’ll keep striving to pursue Elisa! She’s such an excellent girl. I’ve already wasted three years; I don’t want to miss the chance anymore. Otherwise, I would be depressed! 
“You…” Edward was at a loss for words as he stared doubtfully at his son. However, when he perceived Carle’s confident look, he heaved a sigh and uttered, “Oh well, I’ll trust you this time. But… you have to be rational! If she’s not capable, go contact another car racer immediately, so that the situation wouldn’t be too awkward even if we lost. At least, you’ve tried your best. There’s still time to get another car racer now.” 
While saying that, Edward sized up Carle to probe his attitude. 
Carle shook his head with a smile. “I’m not going to replace her, Dad. She’s the best.” 
“Who exactly is she?” 
“You’ll know in the future.” 
Since Elisa wanted to keep it a secret, Carle did not intend to reveal the truth, not even to his father. Once Elisa’s identity was made known to Edward, the latter might secretly contact Elisa to garner more benefits and cause trouble for her. If that happened, Carle would regret it for a lifetime, as the last thing he wanted was to see Elisa being put in a difficult situation. 
“You punk! I’m your father. How dare you hide things from me?!” Edward threw a fit. 
Carle replied calmly with a smile, “Dad, I’ve said that I want to give you a surprise. The competition is going to start in half an hour. You’ll find out soon.” 
Edward inhaled deeply while Carle glanced toward Elisa and the others to see them chatting happily. He turned and said to Edward casually, “Let’s go back, Dad. Just wait and see.”
###chapter210
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 210
Edward closed his eyes as he tried to keep his shirt on. I should trust my son. 
He nodded in resignation and said, “Let’s go. I hope my son won’t bluff me.” 
His tone was clearly tinged with exasperation. Even Carle noticed the disappointment in his father as if they were definitely going to lose today. 
Carle smiled and did not explain further. With that, the father and son went back to their seats and sat down. 
Edward remained silent as he was still in a sulky mood. However, he appeared calm as usual. 
On the other hand, Carle did not entertain Edward further but turned to chat with Elisa and the others. The four friends chattered away as usual, but they were more conscious of their behaviors in the presence of Edward 
Sometime later, a black Rolls–Royce stopped by the venue. Vincent swiftly got out of the car. When he saw the huge crowd, he looked at the man who got out of the car from the other side and commented with a smile, “We’ve got a big crowd today.” 
– 
Gareth frowned with his eyes filled with repulsion obviously, he didn’t relish an event like this. 
However, Vincent threw a tantrum and claimed that he wouldn’t come without Gareth’s accompaniment. As such, Gareth had no choice but to tag along. 
He wasn’t intimidated by Vincent’s threat, but he just valued Vincent as his close friend.
While Elisa was chatting with the others, she suddenly lifted her eyes to see the eye–catching man from afar. Dressed in a custom–made black suit, Gareth gave off an imposing aura that was aloof yet elegant. 
Elisa cast her eyes down. Indeed, he’s an outstanding man. Otherwise, I wouldn’t have loved him for so many 
years… 
Sheena grabbed Elisa’s hand worriedly. “Hey, Elisa.” 
Elisa wore a smile and mumbled, “Don’t worry, I’m not like a fragile glass.” 
A fragile glass shatters instantly when hit by force, but Elisa was a strong woman. She was not hoping for anything anymore, and she cherished the freedom she had now. 
“Of course! My baby girl is the strongest!” Rachel quickly chimed in. 
Elisa shook her head in resignation. She sounds as if she’s coaxing a child. Nonetheless, Elisa was warmed by her friends‘ kindness. 
Carle subconsciously glanced toward Elisa. Although he didn’t say anything, he had complicated feelings. 
Meanwhile, Edward looked toward them in perplexity. What’s going on? It seems like they are comforting the car racer. Sheena and Rachel are shrewd and intelligent, yet they are sitting on the two sides of the car racer. Who exactly is that girl? 
Edward’s curiosity was piqued. However, he could only hold his questions in since Carle refused to reveal anything to him.
At that moment, some of the spectators noticed Gareth’s arrival too. Their eyes were filled with surprise as they were thinking of ways to curry favor with him. 
However… 
Just then, a blue Lamborghini arrived at the venue, which astonished the crowd. The next second, Will slowly got out of the car. After Will closed the car door, the driver drove the car away. 
Vincent and Gareth gazed at Will while the latter put on a half–smile. “What a coincidence, Mr. Wickam.” 
Everyone was dumbfounded while some gasped, “The two big bosses are here!”
###chapter211
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 211
“Damn! This is getting exciting! It’s rare for both of them to show up at the same event. I’m excited to see what’s going to happen between these two infamous presidents, who are rivals to each other!” 
The crowd’s eyes were filled with disbelief as they discussed among themselves. 
“The appearance of both of them shows the importance of the car racing event this time!” 
“You bet! The race is not the highlight, but the program that follows thereafter!” 
The scene gave rise to many discussions among the audience. 
Naturally, Gareth and the others did not hear the gossip. Staring at Will, Gareth was relieved for some reason when he perceived that the former came alone this time, 
“I didn’t expect to meet you here, Mr. Darcey.” 
“Hi, Mr. Wickam. How could I stay back when you showed up?” An amiable smile tugged at Will’s lips while Gareth wore an indifferent expression and had no intention of responding to Will. 
The crowd’s gazes were fixed in their direction, hoping to bootlick them. Some even intended to invite the two to their seats. 
However, all the seats were preassigned, and the organizer had placed signboards at the respective seat areas beforehand. 
Vincent glanced around the venue and pointed in a specific direction. “Gareth, let’s go over there.” 
Gareth followed Vincent’s gaze to see a few girls seated next to each other, chattering gleefully. Sure enough, at one glance, he noticed Elisa, who was sitting between Sheena and Rachel.
He furrowed his brow as he caught sight of the familiar figure. 
Meanwhile, Will, too, noticed Elisa. Doubt flashed across his eyes. 
Both the big shots were experts in controlling their emotions, so the others did not notice the subtle change in their expressions. 
Soon, Gareth and Will settled down in their seats while Will’s assistant led a car racer toward them. 
They were seated in the first row, and Elisa could easily see Gareth by turning her head slightly. 
At that moment, Edward was still worried about Carle’s situation, but when he saw Gareth, the eminent big shot, sit down beside him, he too started fawning over the latter. 
Nonetheless, Gareth remained reticent, so Edward could only wear a normal expression and conceal his awkwardness. 
Elisa’s body stiffened for a second. In between Gareth and her sat Sheena, Carle, and Edward. She was worried that Gareth would recognize her, but she immediately dismissed her unnecessary worry. Even if he recognizes me, I’m a lawful citizen. There’s nothing I should be afraid of. Why should I be worried? 
Thereafter, Elisa continued chatting with her companions and ignored Gareth. 
However, for some reason, Gareth found Elisa’s appearance rather familiar. He couldn’t recognize her because she had put on a disguise. He even found Elisa’s voice familiar, although the latter had deliberately changed her tone. 
He instinctively glanced at Elisa out of the corner of his eyes as he combined her with the image of another woman in his mind.
There was a subtle change in his expression as coldness filled his eyes. That’s impossible! I must have lost 
my mind recently. Why am I kept reminded of that greedy woman?! 
Vincent, too, noticed Rachel’s presence. Perceiving Rachel’s gaze, he put on a wide grin and waved at her. “Hey, Rae, good morning!” 
Spooked, Rachel replied disgustedly, “I don’t know you! Aren’t you embarrassed by yourself?!” 
Sheena stared at Rachel in shock. “What’s going on between both of you?”
###chapter212
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 212
“He’s a narcissist. Don’t bother with him!” Rachel rolled her eyes at Vincent and ignored him. 
Vincent’s face darkened at once. “Damn it!” 
If it weren’t for that stuff, I would never fawn over a tomboy like you! 
Elisa laughed in spite of herself. “Come on, Rachel, you should guard your tongue. After all, there are so many people here.” 
Gareth gazed toward Elisa and knitted his brows. The elegance she emanated through her composure was so natural that it was unconcealable. 
Even Will, who sat further away from Elisa, looked in her direction. Obviously, he was curious about this woman too. 
Other spectators subconsciously glanced toward Will and Gareth, but they had no chance to talk to the two and could only be envious of Edward, though he was given the cold shoulder. 
As time passed, the race was finally about to commence. 
The emcee walked toward the center of the stage with a microphone in his hand. Perceiving the crowd’s gazes, the emcee wore a smile and bowed. 
“Hello everyone, my name is Bailey. I’m your emcee for today. I would like to express my gratitude toward the big bosses, who made themselves available for this annual car racing competition. I believe all the contestants are ready, are you?”
Many car racers raised their hands in response. The emcee nodded with a smile and continued, “There’s a total of 280 participants who signed up for this competition. The first phase of the competition is a knockout round. Every participant will start at different intervals, and they will be timed accordingly. 180 contestants will be eliminated from the first round while the rest are qualified to enter the next phase.” 
The rules of a car racing competition were more complicated. There were different tracks, and the difficulty would increase as contestants entered the next phase. At the same time, they had to complete the track in a specified amount of time. 
While the emcee introduced the rules of the competition, everyone listened attentively as the rules might be different from the previous competitions. 
After announcing the rules, the emcee smiled at the crowd. “That’s all for the rules. Participants, please get ready and line up according to the sequence assigned.” 
All contestants received a number card with their names and represented entities written on it. 
With that, all participants stood up with their cards in their hands. 
Rachel and Sheena looked at Elisa and made a gesture to her. 
“All the best, honey!” 
“We’ll await your victorious return!” 
Carle, too, gazed at Elisa with a warm smile. “I’ll wait for you.” 
Edward was rendered speechless.
Although Carle had repeatedly emphasized that this was a surprise, all he had received was shock thus far. He didn’t have a good feeling about Elisa and thought she was doing monkey business with Carle. How dare she fool around in such an important tournament! 
Edward held his anger in and kept his cool while Elisa directly walked away. 
Both Will and Gareth were surprised when they noticed Elisa standing up. They could hardly believe that the Semoa family hired such a young female car racer. 
Not only that, many other spectators noticed Elisa’s movement too. Their attention was attracted by her due to her elegant aura, but they were more astonished to discover that she was a car racer. 
“What the heck? She’s a car racer? Did Semoa Group purposely give in to that chick because they knew they couldn’t possibly win the race?”
###chapter213
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 213
“It’s possible. I think there’s no problem treating it as a practice.” 
“If she just wants to practice her techniques, she could have registered on her own. Why did she choose to represent the Semoa Group?” 
“Has she done that? It’s not mentioned anywhere though. Perhaps they already knew each other?” 
The crowd started discussing among themselves. 
Looking at her, Gareth had an uncanny feeling that something was off. The more he looked at her, the more she seemed familiar, but he kept denying it. 
Vincent had alreally gotten up, but his face instantly darkened when he realized that Gareth was not even looking at him. “Hey, I’m representing your company, but you are so cocky!” 
However, as soon as he finished his sentence, he suddenly saw Elisa’s back, and his expression immediately changed. 
“Damn! I can’t believe she’s here!” 
“What are you talking about?” Gareth turned around and frowned at him. 
He suddenly sat down gloomily. “I can’t beat her. She looked familiar to me just now, but I only realized whom she was after seeing her back – I will never forget it. After I got out of the car that day, this was the figure whom I lost to!” 
On that day, he was in a race with a woman invited by Rachel. When he reached the destination, Elisa was getting out of her car. He could never forget her figure, because he simply could not believe that
he had lost to a woman. 
“Who are you referring to?” Gareth’s frown deepened. 
With a trace of confusion in his eyes, he asked, “Why does she look slightly different this time? Weird!” 
Then, he turned around to look at Gareth, whose eyebrows were still tightly locked together. “I can tell you with confidence that I can’t beat her, but perhaps Wisteria has a chance. If you want this project, you have to participate in the race yourself.” 
Shock flitted across Gareth’s eyes when he heard that. 
Meanwhile, sitting next to them, Edward was taken by surprise after hearing Vincent’s comments. He looked at Carle, only to realize that the latter had a small smile playing on his lips as he looked at Elisa. 
Is that girl… really a pro? 
Vincent continued, “Do you remember the time I complained to you about losing to a woman? It’s her! Even though she looks slightly different now, they are definitely the same person! Perhaps girls like to put on different makeup. She’s definitely a tough competitor. You shouldn’t let your guard down.” 
Gareth frowned slightly, but he remained silent. Darting a glance at him, Vincent asked, “So, do you want to join the race yourself?” 
Finally, Gareth took the bib from him solemnly. 
There was a serial number on the bib, and the name of their company, Wickam Group, but Vincent’s name was not printed. Hence, they could change the contestant before the start of the race. 
When Will saw that Gareth was going to join the race himself, he was visibly shocked. “I can’t believe you’re joining the race yourself, Mr. Wickam.”
Gareth shot a cold look at him before saying, “Just to have some fun.” 
With that, he left with the bib in his hands. 
Will narrowed his eyes; he overheard the conversation between Gareth and Vincent just now.
###chapter214
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 214
When they saw that woman, they immediately got up and discussed about her until now. What’s going on, and what’s the deal with her? 
Even though Will had such thoughts in his mind, he remained seated. 
On the other hand, after Elisa got into the queue, a figure suddenly appeared behind her. When she felt the sense of familiarity and turned around, she was stunned to see Gareth behind her. Her eyes immediately widened in surprise as she thought, Is he going to join the race himself? 
Meanwhile, Gareth also stared back at her firmly with his cold, emotionless eyes. 
Right after that, sarcasm flitted across Elisa’s eyes. Initially, she wanted to use her phone for a bit, but she was worried that Me might recognize her phone, so she merely stood still. 
Unbeknownst to her, when she lowered her head, the tiny mole behind her ears caught Gareth’s eyes, and his expression immediately changed he was utterly shocked. 
It’s her! It really is her! 
However, Elisa merely felt that his gaze was so cold and piercing that he seemed to have seen through her. 
She lifted her head as the organizer began to announce their turn. Soon, they entered the arena. 
At the same time, Gareth’s face became increasingly dark, and even his fists were clenched. 
Good one, Elisa!
Nevertheless, Elisa had no idea that Gareth had recognized her simply because of a small action. At this moment, she merely pretended that she did not know him personally. 
After the small interlude between them, everyone slowly entered the arena and entered their cars. As they could not start together, the organizer arranged for batches of ten cars to begin. 
Both Elisa and Gareth were in separate batches; she was the last in the first batch, while he was in the second batch. 
Without budging, he stared at her as she entered her car and sped on the tracks. 
All along, he stared at her fixedly with rage and indifference in his eyes. 
I can’t believe that I’ve been deceived by her all this while! I should have believed my instincts! Why did I convince myself otherwise? Sheena, Rachel, and Carle are here, and they are all her good friends. Of course she is going to help Carle out! I was even wondering why Elisa wasn’t here, and how much this woman resembled her. 
He watched coldly as Elisa’s car darted forward quickly. The contestant who used the shortest time to complete the race would win the competition. Every car had its own timer, and the time was shown on a huge screen to the audience, just to be precise. Even though Elisa was the last to join the race, she was already in the top five. 
Many people looked at her car in shock. 
“Gosh! That white car was the last to enter the race, wasn’t it?” 
“It’s her! The woman who represents Semoa Group!” 
Her bib clearly showed “Semoa Group“, so it was true after all.
“I noticed her just now. It’s her! She really is an impressive racer! Initially, I thought she was just using this to practice, but that’s not the case. Damn, how did Semoa Group find her?” 
“Don’t count your eggs before they hatch. They are just the first batch. It’s highly likely that someone better than her is going to come along later.”
###chapter215
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 215
In no time, Elisa became the highlight of everyone’s conversations. Everyone stared in her direction, stunned at how she quickly rose to first place from the last just moments ago. 
Gareth focused all his attention on her car until he lost sight of her. Elisa! 
With that thought in mind, he closed his eyes in an attempt to control his anger. 
Meanwhile, Vincent had also been paying attention to the race. He was actually shocked to see his best friend’s reaction. What’s wrong? 
If it weren’t for the inconvenience, he would have walked over to ask Gareth what had happened. 
At the same time, Will also noticed Gareth’s emotions. His frown deepened as he thought, Who is the woman who represents the Semoa Group? Why does she trigger such emotions in Gareth? Apart from that, she… looks rather familiar. 
Will pursed his lips without saying a word. Soon, the second batch was about to enter the race. 
No one from the audience made any comments, and all the contestants gave their all. As Gareth was the first to start among the people in the second batch, he was also the first to end without being overtaken by anyone. In fact, he was leaps and bounds ahead of the rest of them. 
Vincent smiled vindictively. Now, this is the Gareth we all know! Decisive and fast! 
Gareth used to come to this arena often for car racing, but after he had grown up and taken up more responsibilities, he slowly disengaged himself from such activities.
Perhaps participating in the race this time around is a good venting outlet for him! It’s already a challenge for me to face such a capable opponent. Vincent fully comprehended the importance of the race for Gareth. Otherwise, he would have competed with Elisa just now. 
“Wow! My baby is back as the first!” Rachel cheered enthusiastically. 
The contestants from the first batch got out of their cars. Before they could see the return of the second batch, the third batch had already started. 
Even though there were around 280 contestants, it would not take a long time. After all, everyone was a professional, so one round would only take dozens of minutes. Even the slowest would not exceed thirty minutes, so it would only take a few hours for everyone to complete the race. 
The morning race was only the first round, and some announcements had to be made after that. In the afternoon, it would be the knockout round. 
180 people would be eliminated, and subsequently, another 120 people. 
At this moment, Edward was excited to see Elisa’s result. An average racer would need more than ten minutes to finish the race, but she only took nine minutes. It was completely out of his expectations. 
She’s amazing! 
Nonetheless, he had no idea that she did not even give her all, as she did not want to be the center of attention in the first round. Otherwise, she could finish it in five minutes on a normal day, and in three minutes if she exerted her fullest effort. 
Upon seeing her performance, Edward completely changed his attitude. When she walked over to him, he exclaimed incredulously, “Young lady, I didn’t know you were this good! I’ve underestimated you – so sorry about that. Young people nowadays are talented indeed!”
She merely smiled back at him. “Don’t worry, Mr. Samoa. I’m good friends with Carle after all.” 
– 
Meanwhile, Will was quietly appraising her. Upon seeing the confidence in her eyes, his gaze became even 
more profound. 
He stared intently at her. Even though he had never seen her before this, he took a deep breath subconsciously. 
Her looks…
###chapter216
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 216
Who is she? Why does she look more familiar each time I see her? Judging by her performance, could she be Wisteria, who has never revealed her face? I heard that Wisteria is also a woman. 
Will’s eyes flickered. He shot a glance at Carle and arched his eyebrows. So he’s friends with Wisteria. No wonder Gareth and I never succeeded in teaming up with her. 
Shortly after, Gareth returned from his race with a time of seven minutes – it was two minutes ahead of Elisa. 
She glanced at his timer with ease. It seems like he’s also holding back. 
When Carle saw where she was looking, he immediately said, “Don’t overthink it.” 
“I don’t overthink stuff,” she replied with a smile. 
To her, it was natural to win and to lose, as there weren’t any winners who never had to suffer the taste of defeat. Nevertheless, she would give her all in the competition with Gareth in the final round. After all, she really wanted to compete seriously with him. 
Back when she was not divorced, she heard from Vincent that Wisteria might even lose to Gareth in car racing. 
Since then, it had triggered her desire to surpass him. 
Gareth did not wait with them at the same spot; he shot a glance at her and left, with Vincent trailing after him. 
Since there were still other people from Wickam Group, they would tie up all the loose ends.
Elisa looked at Gareth’s straight back emotionlessly. 
After Gareth and Vincent got into the car, the latter asked, “Do you have other plans? Are we coming back in the afternoon?” 
“Yeah.” 
They had a chauffeur, so both of them sat in the backseat. Looking at his darkened face, Vincent asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Gareth remained silent with a cold expression on his face. 
This piqued Vincent’s interest. “Even though that woman did not give her all, you held back too, didn’t you? Are you worried that she might beat you? Bro, where did all your confidence go?” 
Gareth shot him a cold, stony gaze and remained silent, making Vincent even more perplexed. 
“Tsk, what on earth is wrong? Why do you pull such a long face?” 
Pursing his lips, Gareth replied in a low voice, “She’s Elisa.” 
Silence immediately fell in the car. 
The chauffeur had no idea what they were talking about, but he did not dare to say a word. 
In the next moment, Vincent immediately replied in shock, “What? Bro, don’t joke around! How could she be Elisa? How would Elisa know about car racing? You-” 
Then, he realized that Gareth was not joking with him.
Stunned, he looked at him fixedly, “Wait. Did I hear you right? You’re saying that the woman who’s representing Semoa Group, and the very same woman who beat me, is Elisa?” 
Upon seeing Gareth’s silence, Vincent was dumbfounded by the sudden news. 
Gareth elaborated, “She’s also Wisteria.” 
“Damn!” Vincent was at a loss for words, and even the chauffeur could barely hold onto the steering wheel. 
H–How could this be? Gareth’s ex–wife is a famous lawyer, and she’s also Wisteria, who has disappeared for several years! What the hell? 
Finally, Vincent looked over at Gareth instantly, having understood the situation
###chapter217
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 217
“Damn! It might really be her! Since they are so close to each other, why didn’t Elisa appear today? On top of that, that woman seems close to Carle and Rachel. I should have known!” 
The more Vincent elaborated, the sharper Gareth’s gaze became. He looked almost murderous at this point. 
Gritting his teeth, Vincent said, “I think it’s really plausible that she’s Wisteria. In the three years she was married to you, she stayed at home most of the time, and she only went out occasionally. At the same time, both Wisteria and Iris disappeared after she got married to you…” 
The temperature in the car dropped several degrees; even the driver shuddered after knowing this fact. 
Vincent looked at Gareth instinctively. “Gareth, you… should try to rein your feelings in.” 
Ever since the divorce, Elisa had been trying to get back at him, as though she wanted revenge. Vincent quickly smiled and said, “The project is very important to you, and I’m sure you won’t lose to her. On top of that, I bet she still has feelings for you, seeing how she’s making all this effort to provoke you. I bet she wants to attract your attention.” 
Gareth looked back at him and snorted coldly. “Attract my attention?” 
Vincent nodded with a smile. “Yeah. She’s definitely trying to catch your eye.” 
The chauffeur was speechless upon hearing that. To him, it was not a convincing explanation. 
Would a woman sabotage a man’s desire because she wants to catch his eye?
Elisa announced that she wanted a divorce out of a sudden, making Wickam Group nearly lose an important project. Apart from that, from the lawsuit, not only did the company lose another project, they lost 10 billion. It was not a small amount of money. 
Just because she wants to attract Mr. Wickam’s attention, she made his company lose so much money. And now, this is an important event for Mr. Wickam. Yet, Wisteria suddenly appeared. 
Even though Vincent was trying to calm him down, it seemed to have the opposite effect. 
As soon as he blurted out the words, Vincent immediately felt embarrassed. He cleared his throat and asked, “So… what are your plans?” 
Gareth closed his eyes and lifted his hand to massage his throbbing temples. “I’ll do what I have to do.” 
But I’ll make sure to remember this, Elisa! 
The morning race was finally completed, with Gareth taking second place and Elisa taking third. The first place was taken by a racer who gave his all he only took six minutes to complete it. 
In reality, both Elisa and Gareth could surpass him easily. 
On the other hand, Edward was over the moon to see Elisa’s results. It was only the beginning, so she had a high chance of winning. On top of that, he noticed that she stepped on the brakes occasionally, as though she wanted to slow down. 
Now that the results were announced, those who were eliminated were disappointed, while those who passed were going to celebrate their wins. 
Edward flashed a wide smile at Elisa and her friends. “Ladies, do stay for lunch. It’s going to be my treat – let’s have a meal together!”
Carle smiled at them. “Let’s go?” 
“Sure!” Rachel replied with a giggle, and Sheena nodded without saying anything. 
Then, everyone’s gaze fell on Elisa, who did not reject the offer. 
With a smile, she said, “Thanks, Mr. Semoa.” 
“Silly girl, there’s nothing to thank me for! I really want to apologize to you. Let’s go and have a good lunch!”
###chapter218
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 218
With that, they went to the cars. 
The group was split into two, each taking a car. As Edward wanted to have a conversation with Elisa, they sat in the same car, with Carle sitting in the co–driver seat while both Elisa and Edward sat in the backseat. 
Meanwhile, Sheena and Rachel were in another car. 
Edward smiled widely at Elisa. “Young lady, what’s your name?” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed before she smiled. “I’m Wisteria.” 
“Wisteria!” Edward’s jaw dropped. He had no idea that the woman in front of him was a professional that was incredibly difficult to hire. 
No matter how experienced he was, he was unable to control his emotions at that moment, the surprise he felt could not be hidden at all. 
When Carle turned around and saw his quiet father, who was trying to digest the information, he smiled. “How about it, Dad? Isn’t it a surprise?” 
He had promised his father a surprise, and this was it. 
“Of course it is! What a pleasant surprise!” Edward guffawed loudly. “It’s completely out of my expectations that we are able to get Ms. Wisteria to represent us!” 
Moments ago, he addressed Elisa as ‘young lady‘ and ‘silly girl‘, but now that he knew her identity, he dared not be as casual as before. One could hear the reverence in his voice when he spoke to her
now. 
After all, he wanted to see if Carle could get Wisteria to represent their company. 
It was actually not a difficult feat to hire her. Still, because of her popularity, many people would offer her lucrative deals to get her to join their team, including Wickam Group and Darcey Group. 
To gain the upper hand against Gareth, one had to be better than all the companies combined. This was a challenge from Edward to judge Carle’s marketing skills. Without some solid skills, he could not inherit the family business. 
It was not a must for them to take the project this time, but as long as Wisteria got first place, Carle’s abilities would be recognized. 
Hence, Edward was in good spirits at that moment. Even if Wisteria lost to Gareth, he believed that she would achieve great results, so Carle’s abilities would still be proven. 
Elisa merely smiled back at him quietly. 
Edward felt even more grateful toward her. “Ms. Wisteria, I really thank you from the bottom of my heart, and i apologize for my behavior before this!” 
She shook her head hastily. “Mr. Semoa, it’s fine. Carle is my good friend, so you don’t have to be so formal with me. You’re making me even more upset if you behave in this way.” 
He was shocked to see her humble attitude and her great communication skills. She was kind and elegant, and she had a good measure of confidence that was not too humble or too arrogant. 
She’s such a good match for my son!
Carle also nodded with a smile. “Dad, she’s my… good friend, so you don’t have to do that. Otherwise, Wisteria will feel stressed.” 
Gosh, I almost said that she’s my beloved woman! 
When he mentioned that Elisa was his ‘friend‘, he felt slightly bitter and helpless. 
Elisa’s gaze flickered, but she seemed like she had not noticed anything, while Edward completely missed that. 
“Great!” he said with a laugh. 
Edward was usually a sensible and mature person since he was already middle–aged. 
However, at this moment, he viewed Elisa as his son’s benefactor, and his future daughter–in–law.
###chapter219
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 219
Hence, he was more amiable toward Elisa, and he didn’t act like the chairman of a company at all. 
Even though Semoa Group was not as influential as Wickam Group or Darcey Group, it was important enough in Bayswe. Otherwise, he would not be seated next to Gareth in the race just now. 
They chatted for a while more before reaching the destination. After they got out of the car, the chauffeur drove away. 
They conversed happily as they walked into the private room. Just as they were about to take their seats, Carle pulled out a chair for Elisa. 
“Here you go, Wisteria.” 
Her eyelashes slightly fluttered as she sat down. Then, he took the seat beside her. 
Edward shot a surprised glance at Carle. He had a good grasp of his son’s character, so he guessed that he had feelings for her. 
I don’t think he’s so close with her simply because she’s Wisteria. I bet he likes her. 
He was elated about it. She deliberately hid her identity, and her demeanor is a lot more elegant than Rachel and Sheena. I bet she comes from a wealthy family! 
He supported them in getting together as a couple. 
I 
On the other hand, Rachel felt indignant upon seeing that. “Oh, I guess we are treated differently because we are not as capable! I accompanied you for the entire morning, yet you only helped Eli- her
with her seats!” 
Though Sheena was disappointed, she pretended to be sarcastic about it. “Forget it, Rachel. We are nobody after all! Here, let me help you into your seat!” 
Carle immediately felt embarrassed, and even Elisa was slightly speechless upon seeing their reaction. 
Edward knew the girls since they were young, so he knew that they liked to joke around. He let out a hearty chuckle before saying, “Here, I’ll help you.” 
With that, he was about to pull the chair, but the young ladies did not dare to be so disrespectful and quickly sat down. Sheena said awkwardly, “It’s fine, Mr. Semoa. We are just joking around.” 
Edward laughed again. “It’s good. If you guys were like me, there’d be no joy in life at all! You have been friends since young; I like you all equally and I could totally help you into your seats.” 
After that, they chatted happily with each other, and the atmosphere was warm and delightful. 
“Here, order anything you like!” Edward’s friendly gait made everyone feel at ease. 
Each of them ordered something, and he added some more dishes after that. After taking their orders, the waiter went to prepare the food. 
As they waited, Edward looked at Elisa puzzledly. “Wisteria, I didn’t know that you are friends with Carle. Why haven’t I seen you before this?” 
Rachel and Sheena froze, while Carle’s pupils flickered slightly. Just as he was thinking of a reply, she replied with a smile, “It’s because I’ve been abroad for the past couple of years, so I just spoke to him online.”
Edward immediately remembered that it had been three years since Wisteria joined any racing competitions, so he nodded understandingly. “I see.” 
She smiled and gave a nod. The dishes were served soon, and everyone ate happily. 
On the other hand, another group was also having lunch, but the atmosphere was a lot less delightful. 
Only Vincent and Gareth were seated at the table, and the former felt as though the latter’s coldness was seeping into the food.
###chapter220
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 220
Vincent cleared his throat. “Haven’t you… accepted it? You guys are already divorced, and you have your separate lives. She can do whatever she wants, and we will just deal with it. On top of that, she’s just a woman without anyone to back her up. Are you worried that she might gain the upper hand?” 
Gareth snorted coldly. Just a woman? This woman made me lose tens of billions! It’s not a small sum in the slightest! 
Vincent was also thinking of the same thing, so he quickly cleared his throat again. “I was just too careless that time! And I said that I wanted to appeal, but you stopped me. Perhaps I could win that, you know!” 
Gareth put his cutleries down, even though he had not eaten much. Vincent quickly said, “You have stomach problems, but you still don’t eat enough. Do you want to die young? Also, it’s not good to waste food!” 
With that, he passed Gareth a fork. 
Gareth frowned and refused to take it, but he insisted. “Gareth, please don’t give me any more trouble. Do you need someone to supervise you when you eat? Are you a kid?” 
Vincent was genuinely worried about his stomach problems getting more serious. 
Finally, he took the fork with his lips pursed and started eating quietly. 
Vincent heaved a sigh of relief upon seeing that, and he didn’t dare to bring Elisa up again. Instead, he changed the topic. 
“By the way, I won’t be around in two days.”
“Where are you going?” Gareth asked, looking at him. 
Arching his eyebrows, he replied, “My dad asked me to go on a business trip at Waynard Coast. I’ll bring some souvenirs back.” 
Gareth did not reply, not showing any interest at all. 
The atmosphere between them remained rather morose. After waiting for some time, the knockout round started in the afternoon. 
This time around, the competition was more fierce compared to the first round. Gareth and Elisa were in the same batch, but both of them did not give their all. Hence, the results remained the same – Gareth took second place, while Elisa took third. The first place was won by a racer hired by Will. He was surprised with his results. 
Mr. Darcey told me that if I get first place, he’d give me 100 million! It’s such a huge sum of money! I would die in a car crash to get the first place! At least my family wouldn’t have to worry about money anymore! 
Since the number of contestants was greatly reduced at this point, the third round quickly started – out of the sixty contestants, only thirty would enter the next round. 
Darcey Group got first place, followed by Wickam Group and Semoa Group. 
Edward was slightly worried about this. That racer who won first place is he such a formidable opponent? 
–
Will slightly frowned. Obviously, he correctly deduced that the woman was Wisteria, but such a result was beneath her. 
It was apparent that she was holding back, and she would only reveal her true capabilities toward the end. On the other hand, Gareth was also a threat. 
Will narrowed his eyes slightly. We’re definitely going to lose this time around. Without Wisteria on our side, we can’t win this. 
Nevertheless, the main reason for coming here was not to win the race. 
In the next round, neither Gareth nor Elisa let the other racer win this time. Gareth got first, while Elisa got second, and their results were very close.
###chapter221
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 221
Will narrowed his eyes as his expectations had come to fruition. 
On the other hand, Edward, who had been nervous all this while, suddenly smiled. As long as she beats that racer, it’s fine! I don’t mind if Gareth overtakes her. As long as she keeps her current position, no one will doubt Carle. 
Finally, only ten people remained in the last round. 
All of them would receive a prize from the organizer, it was insignificant for big shots like Gareth and Elisa. She already had too many trophies back home. 
Even though it was slightly later than expected, they did not postpone the final round to the next day, as the winner would be decided after this. 
Under everyone’s expectations, the final round began. 
The race track was quite difficult, and it was unlike the previous round, where the starting time was different for each racer, the ten contestants would have to start at the same time. 
As soon as the referee blew the whistle, the cars purred to life immediately on the wide tracks. Elisa and Gareth’s cars were the first to dart. 
Even though the cars shared similar functionality, both of them looked like they had cheated by enhancing their cars‘ engines. 
In the blink of an eye, both cars were racing at full speed. 
“My goodness!” Sheena was shocked to see that. “Wisteria gave her all in the final round!”
“Gareth, too! Both of them are so sly. They only gave their all in the final round!” Rachel exclaimed with shock in her eyes. 
Many people were dumbfounded when they saw that. Usually, when professionals were competing against each other, every slight difference meant a lot, but there seemed to be no difference between the both. 
The rest of the racers were astounded when they saw the speed of Elisa and Gareth. In no time, both of them had disappeared. 
We are also racers, but why is there such a huge difference? I really suspect that they are cheating! But… Gareth doesn’t need to stoop that low. He must be that talented! 
Vincent focused on both of them with shock in his eyes. Sure enough! She held back last time! Now that she’s competing with Gareth, she wants to defeat him, so she gives her all! Meanwhile, he also needs to put in his best effort to compete with her. 
At this moment, the shock he had for Elisa increased further. She’s so cunning! Why didn’t she showed her talents when they were married? If Gareth knew that she was so brilliant, he might have fallen for her! Vincent frowned. Since there’s no turning back now, and it’s impossible for them to reconcile, I should stop my imagination. 
Under everyone’s gaze, they came to the first turn. Gareth was at the outer edge, so he took the lead slightly. However, after the turn, Elisa quickly caught up with him and drove right next to him. 
With a darkened face, he slammed his foot on the accelerator, but she refused to be any slower than him. Both of them were right next to each other. Everyone’s hopes were dangling when they witnessed the close competition. Though they were not related to either of them, it was an exhilarating match. 
Gareth’s face turned darker as time passed.
Good one, Elisa! You have been hiding from me all this while! 
With that thought in mind, he stepped on the accelerator, and the car darted forward like a rocket. Rachel’s excitement was suddenly replaced by worry. 
Don’t lose to him, Elisa! 
At the next turn, Elisa was at the outer edge, so she fell back a little. Nevertheless, she pressed on the accelerator again and quickly returned to Gareth’s side. 
Under everyone’s focused attention, the two cars got closer to the finishing line and the audience. 
Some people already stood up to witness the most exciting moment. 
However, when the cars reached the finishing line, their jaws dropped. Even the referee could not believe what he had just seen. 
“Did they finish at the same time?” 
“Gosh! I can’t believe it! They got the same place?”
###chapter222
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 222
As soon as they got out of their cars, Elísa walked straight to her seat without a second glance at Gareth, looking as though she did not care less about the results. 
In reality, she saw that they had reached the goal at the same time. 
Rachel exclaimed in excitement just as she sat down, “Woohoo! We’ve won!” 
Upon hearing that, Vincent let out a cold snort. “They are joint winners. How could you say that she’s the only winner? How shameless!” 
Rachel rolled her eyes at him. “You’re shameless!” 
Elisa sat down without looking at Vincent, but he could not help staring at her. I can’t believe that I lost to her twice, in two different fields. This is crazy! On top of that, Rachel is rubbing salt on the wound. I really have the urge to slap her! 
On the other hand, Will no longer had an interest to pay attention to the third winner of the race. Instead, his gaze fell on Elisa. 
Wisteria. Why does she look so familiar? Have we met before this? 
Soon, Gareth also made his way back. Looking at his sullen expression, Will curled his lips into a smile. “I never knew that you’d have such expertise in car racing. It’s impressive.” 
Gareth merely shot him an indifferent look before saying, “You flatter me too much, Mr. Darcey.” 
With that, he went back to his seat. This time around, he didn’t seem to have the intention to leave earlier.
Vincent looked at him subconsciously. Usually, he wouldn’t even wait for the results. Since our people are already here, we could just get the results from them. But now… Is it because Elisa is here? Tsk. 
Gareth seemed even colder than usual. Though Edward had the urge to laugh out loud, it didn’t seem appropriate at that moment. Hence, he held it back and cleared his throat instead. 
Soon, the race was completed, but the crowd wasn’t interested in them; they could only remember how Elisa raced with Gareth. When both of them returned, they had been looking in their direction, wanting to decipher the expression on their faces. 
Even when the host announced the results, it was no surprise to everyone. 
Nevertheless, they could not help discussing it among themselves. 
“Don’t you think that the woman who represented Semoa Group… looks like the pro three years ago?” 
“What do you mean by ‘looks like? She is Wisteria! There’s no doubt about that!” 
“What the heil? She actually is Wisteria?” 
Many people were shocked to hear that. 
Upon realizing that, they became even more impressed with Gareth. 
“In that case, Mr. Wickam is also amazing! He’s actually her equal!” 
“He has many hidden talents. On top of that, he’s so busy with work every day, so he doesn’t have the time to go car racing.” 
“But in that case, it shows that he is even more impressive, because he doesn’t have the time to practice.”
“Don’t forget that Wisteria also disappeared for three years, which is enough for one to become out of touch. Apart from that, we can’t make such judgments. What if Mr. Wickam goes car racing in his free time? Are you 
so sure that Wisteria didn’t even get a chance to practice in the past three years?” 
They chatted among themselves enthusiastically, but the people they were talking about were calm and composed. 
One of them exuded such indifference that Vincent felt as though he was freezing to death. 
He turned around and cleared his throat at Gareth.
###chapter223
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 223
But Gareth completely ignored him. Vincent scooted closer to him and whispered in his ears, “Can’t you restrain your emotions for a bit? I’m freezing to death here! On top of that, do you want people to think that you’re grumpy because you weren’t the sole winner of the race?” 
Gareth’s sharp gaze fell on Vincent, who instantly conceded defeat. Raising his hands, he said, “Alright, alright. Just ignore me.” 
The results were already announced, and the host was enthusiastically proceeding with prize–giving. 
Elisa smiled at Carie. “Carle.” 
Gareth heard her voice, which she had deliberately changed into another tone. Does she have to be so chummy with him? 
Carle looked over at her. “Yes?” 
“Send other people to receive the prize. I’ll be heading back first.” 
It’s meaningless to stay here any further, and I don’t want to be wherever Gareth is. Not that I’m afraid of him, but it’s annoying. 
Even though it was a coincidence that he participated in the race himself – simply because he wanted the project – she found it unlucky to be even meeting him here. 
Carle’s gaze flickered before he asked, “Shall we go, then? Let’s have a meal together. I’m sure we are all hungry.”
“Sure, sure! Eli- Babe, you are the star of the day! Carle has to buy you a meal!” Rachel replied excitedly, but she almost let slip Elisa’s name again. 
Nevertheless, Gareth was paying attention, and he heard half of Elisa’s name. 
Even Vincent realized that something was odd. It really is Elisa! 
Initially, she just spoke two syllables, but she quickly changed it to ‘Babe.’ 
The sound of knuckles cracking at that moment was slightly intruding, but Carle did not pay much attention to their exchange. “Let’s go. It’ll be just the four of us tonight.” Then, he looked at Edward. “Dad, you don’t have to worry about us.” 
“Alright. Take care of the three of them. 
Carle nodded with a smile before looking inquisitively at Elisa, waiting for her reply. 
After a moment of hesitation, she finally nodded. “Alright. Let’s have dinner together.” 
They stood up and smiled at Edward before leaving. 
Meanwhile, Gareth merely watched impassively as Elisa left without saying anything. Vincent frowned slightly at him, but just as he was about to say something, Gareth suddenly got up. 
Vincent hastily followed suit. “Where are you going?” 
Will narrowed his eyes at them as his gaze became even more profound. 
Wisteria is not as simple as she seems. I’ve definitely seen her, but I can’t remember when. 
“Look for Wisteria’s information. The more details, the better,” he instructed his assistant.
“Yes.” 
The skies were getting darker, but the host was still making some speeches that no one was interested in. The audience merely watched the key players leave. 
After getting into the car, Carle sat in the co–drivers seat and turned around. “What would you like to eat?” he 
asked with a smile. 
Elisa did not reply, but Rachel licked her lips greedily. “How about paella?” 
“Sure! Sounds good!” Sheena’s eyes lit up. “I’d like a spicy one!” 
“Oh, Carle can’t take spicy food. How about ordering a non–spicy one instead?” 
Carle smiled and looked at Elisa. If she refused to have paella for dinner, he would oblige.
###chapter224
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 224
Elisa nodded. “Sure, let’s have that. It’s been a while since I last had p?lla.” 
“Yay!” Rachel was exceptionally excited on this day. “Though you’re even with Gareth, your results are perfect! Isn’t it so, Carle?” 
He nodded with a smile. “Indeed. Without Elisa, it’d be difficult for me to take over the company. Thanks again.” 
His deep and adoring gaze made her slightly uncomfortable. She averted her eyes and smiled. “Don’t mention it. We are friends, after all. Please don’t be so formal.” 
Carle’s gaze faltered. He could tell that she stressed the word ‘friends.‘ 
But he was not the only one; both Rachel and Sheena heard it as well. 
Sheena’s eyes dimmed. If… Elisa is willing to be with Carle, would he feel better? 
Even Rachel could not help heaving a sigh. She still hasn’t moved on from her last relationship. 
Carle smiled. “I know.” 
With that, silence fell in the car, and the atmosphere suddenly became awkward. 
The driver had no idea what had just happened. They were just chatting happily just now. What’s going on?
Meanwhile, Gareth and Vincent were sitting in the backseat of another car. Vincent turned around to look at Gareth suspiciously. “You seem odd today. Both of you are already divorced, but do you have feelings for her now?” 
When he made such speculations in the past, Gareth would just give a cold snort. It was no exception this time around. 
He merely glanced at Vincent coldly with contempt in his eyes. 
Vincent’s mouth twitched. “You’re going to destroy yourself sooner or later. Things will be more complicated if you don’t end things for good,” he warned exasperatedly. 
“Shut up.” Gareth frowned, leaving Vincent speechless. 
Both of them are fiercely competing with each other; there’s simply no way for them to be together again. But Gareth is acting weird. Could it be that he hasn’t noticed his feelings for her? Or, have Jeremy and I worried too much? 
The car was still moving forward slowly as Vincent looked at Gareth again. “I’m reaching home soon. Are you dropping by for a drink? Otherwise, I’ll just leave.” 
“Just leave.” 
Upon hearing that, Vincent’s face darkened. “Damn! Would it hurt you to say more words?” 
Gareth was still pulling a long face, and he did not give a reply. 
Vincent immediately said pitifully, “I ditched a woman in order to join the race with you, you know! In the end, I didn’t make myself useful, but I gave up on the happiness with a woman, only to see your grumpy face. Why did I even bother?”
This time around, Gareth finally lifted his face to look at him. “If you don’t like her, don’t toy with her feelings. One day when you meet the woman you truly love, do you think your behavior right now is appropriate?” 
“Tsk! Women are like clothes – we can change them anytime we like. They are here to make us feel less bored, aren’t they?” 
Gareth frowned, obviously not agreeing with his perspective, but he could not be bothered to 
retort. 
Vincent remembered something and smiled at Gareth. “If it weren’t for Jeremy, who’s convinced that you have feelings for Elisa, I wouldn’t even think of it. Since you are so sure of your thoughts, I have a piece of advice for you – a man with quality will never go back to the same woman. You shouldn’t reconcile with Elisa.”
###chapter225
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 225
Gareth was slightly stunned. Even Vincent could not decipher the emotions in his eyes at this moment. 
He did not pay too much attention to him and continued, “It’s okay to sleep around with women, as long as we don’t fall for them for real. Otherwise…” 
He snorted, recalling his father’s experience, but he did not want to elaborate. 
Gareth frowned slightly. “Not every man is like your father.” 
“He is a good enough example for me. I don’t want to fall for anyone. Alright, I’ll get off after the next turn. See you later.” 
Even though he sounded quite carefree, there was bitterness in his eyes. 
In the end, Gareth did not comment on the matter any further. 
After Vincent got off, Gareth closed his eyes and leaned against the seat. It was completely dark at that moment, so he went straight home. 
He entered the living room as usual, but this time around, there was a fragrance in the room. He immediately frowned when he noticed it. Perhaps other men would think that it was a nice smell, but it annoyed him. 
He looked around his surroundings coldly. 
Then, someone opened the door on the second floor and quickly walked down. When he heard the footsteps, he raised his head and looked at the staircase sharply.
He did not like the maids being around when he was at home, so they were always ordered to leave after cleaning up the place. 
Someone is still in the house! 
He was already seething with anger during the day, and this occurrence merely added fuel to fire. The person seemed to have felt his anger – she crossed her arms in front of her and felt a chill down her spine. 
She was wearing a short white dress with a low neckline as she walked down, revealing her curvy figure. With every step that she took, one could see the slight movement of her dress that revealed her long, slender legs. 
Other men would be aroused at this point, but not Gareth. 
When he saw that it was Linda, his gaze became sharper. 
“Why are you here?” he asked in an interrogating tone. 
Linda’s expression slightly changed when she heard that; she was trying her best to charm him, so she did not expect that he would be this hostile. Shouldn’t he come over to hug me and hold me in his arms? Why is he so cold? 
In that instant, she was at a loss for words. 
His hostile gaze made her cheeks burn with humiliation. Taking a deep breath, she said, “I-” 
“Get out!” Gareth ordered coldly. He did not even want to waste his breath on her. 
Linda’s expression completely changed as she looked back at him incredulously. “Are you chasing me away, Garry?” she asked desolately as she stood on the staircase.
The indifference in his eyes seemed to thicken. “Linda, I’m grateful to you for saving my life once, but please don’t challenge me.” 
He was already furious with the events that transpired during the day, and he was looking forward to having a 
calm and peaceful night. Yet, Linda came unannounced to stir up trouble for him. 
Looking at him in disbelief, Linda sobbed uncontrollably. 
“Is this how you see me, Garry?” She tried to keep her anxiety and worry in check as she tried to walk toward him sensibly. 
She had put on a lot of different things on her body. The perfume she wore was prepared by her mother, and it was supposed to be enchanting to men. She liked the fragrance as well.
###chapter226
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 226
However, she was unaware that the closer she got, the stronger the scent was, and the darker Gareth’s face became. He was still standing at the door without even taking off his shoes. 
As she was about to reach him, he yelled, “Don’t come here!” 
What on earth is she wearing? It stinks! 
If Linda could hear his thoughts right now, she would be trembling with fury. 
Regardless, she was panicking at this moment. She stood at the same spot and looked at him in shock. “Garry, I didn’t want to ruin your relationship with Elisa back then, and I tried to make you guys like each other more. But… now that you are enemies, I know it’s impossible for you to be together. Do you know that I met you and fell for you way before she did? You also once mentioned that you’d marry me. H–Has everything changed?” 
She smiled self–deprecatingly. “It seems like I’m the only one with wishful thoughts. I won’t get the wrong idea anymore.” With that, she wiped her tears away and smiled at him. “And I won’t be causing any trouble in the future. I shouldn’t have had any expectations in the first place.” 
Then, she turned around and walked upstairs slowly, waiting for Gareth to call her back. 
However, when she was halfway up the stairs, he still did not make any moves. She wanted to turn around and look at him, but she did not dare to do so. She was betting on him giving in to her. 
Apart from that, she started counting down internally. 
Five. Four. Three. Two.
Her pace became even slower. Just when she was about to reach the last digit, he suddenly said, “I’m busy with a lot of stuff right now, so I don’t have any more energy to marry you. The company is also in a mess. You know what would happen if we got married now.” 
Linda’s eyes lit up. It’s enough that he gave me an explanation! 
She immediately turned around to look at him. “Garry, you are still willing to marry me, aren’t you?” 
As soon as she finished her question, she could not control herself anymore and started walking toward him, but he still had a tight frown on his face. 
“It’s not the right time, and the media is keeping close tabs on us. Wickam Group can’t afford to have any more scandals. Please don’t come here again, Linda.” 
Standing rooted to the ground, she blanched when she heard that. She thought he was trying to explain things to her, but it seemed like an excuse to chase her away now. 
H–How could he do this? 
She slightly trembled as she said, “Garry…” 
She looked at him tearfully and left the sentence hanging. Usually, a man would know what to do when a woman was in such a state. 
However, Gareth was not an average man. He merely shot a cold glance at her before saying, “Pack your things and leave. I have other matters to deal with.” 
With that, he turned around and walked out without a second glance at her, leaving her in a state of shock. 
How could he? How could he leave like this?
She wanted to chase after him, but her rational mind told her that there was no further discussion to be had. If she pestered on, he would be even more annoyed.
###chapter227
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 227
Why. Why did everything end up like this?! 
Why?! 
It took Linda every ounce of her self–control to remain calm. She heard the roar of the car engine from outside. 
“How cold….” 
Tears started to well as realization began to sink in 
It was wholly apparent that Elisa had divorced this man. She had driven Elisa away from Gareth’s good grace. Linda wondered to herself. Why did things still end up like this? 
Ohno… 
The plan was that getting them to divorce would provide her with a leeway to marry Gareth. But now…? 
Now… 
The image of Gareth with his cold expression was seared into her mind. 
He didn’t even look at Linda while Elisa was driving. 
Their last encounter was at the cemetery. What Elisa had said to her father may have played the role to tip the tides. No. 
She is the same person. Nothing has changed.
Initially, they would be happy without her interference. The nerve of this woman! 
Why is it always Elisa? Over and over, she interferes! She must not only be exposed at the banquet but must be defeated in court! 
And now… 
She has the audacity to help Semoa’s Group during the race. All of this so she can get her hands on that project! 
Elisa! What the hell! 
That damned woman! This is her way of taking revenge. 
The more Gareth thought about it, the more irritated he grew. The veins on his forehead twitched as he stepped on the accelerator to increase speed. 
He was intimidating on the road. Drivers made way as Gareth sped past them. 
People noticed the expensive car as it sported a unique license plate. It was rare to see that on the road. 
What a terror… 
In the middle of his road rage, he missed a traffic light. 
Out of instinct, he stepped on the brakes and halted the vehicle just before the red light. He frowned as his thoughts haunted him again. 
There are rumors that he likes Elisa now?! 
What a joke!
That woman is a nightmare! Those rumors are absurd! 
She is nothing but a banshee fuelled by her vanity! To top off her greedy personality, she is a hypocrite through and through! 
His father and Elisa are the masterminds behind this whole marriage, so they could take control of me. There is no room for love towards that woman! 
That woman is a liar from the very beginning! 
She lied to me throughout the whole entire relationship! 
This is all for her evil intent! For her unknown motive! 
This monster! Why…why am I getting so emotional? 
Gareth gripped the steering wheel with force. With his right hand, he pinched between his brows and closed his eyes tight. 
He took a deep breath and shifted the gear on the count of the green light. 
I… 
Before he reached his destination, Gareth stopped behind a building. Another vehicle was approaching in front of Elisa’s doorstep. 
He recognized that car. 
Eventually, Carle and Elisa exited the vehicle. Gareth noticed that Elisa had not changed her dress. 
He sneered. It really was Elisa!
“Elisa, thank you,” said Carle with a faint smile. 
The day was already late, and Elisa wished him farewell. “It’s all right. You can go ahead and send them back. It’s late, and I won’t be staying for the night.” 
Fatigue had caught up with Elisa. All she wished to do was go back and rest. 
Carle, at that point, could sense Elisa’s fatigue. He hastily replied, “You should go to bed early. Let’s meet at another time.” 
Carle’s gaze was filled with adoration for her. 
Elisa noticed this and nodded awkwardly. “I’ll see you off then,” she answered. 
He initially planned to send her upstairs but knew Elisa too well that there was no way to change her mind. He finally nodded in agreement. 
As Carle drove off, Elisa headed back to her doorstep. 
At the elevator, she pressed the button to her floor before a figure approached. The door was about to close before a hand stopped it midway. Gosh!
###chapter228
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 228
She was startled by the hand and hastily pressed the control button. Elisa expected a person who was in a hurry, so she slammed the button to open the door. To her surprise… it was Gareth. 
No! 
Her expression turned dire. No! 
There was no use. Even if she had disguised herself, Gareth would have recognized her features. 
What was he thinking? She couldn’t get a proper reading off him. 
Elisa frowned at the sight of him. What now? Had he come to seek revenge? Does he suspect it was her who temperedhis plans? 
She raised her gaze towards his -but remained silent. 
“Elisa, you really are getting bolder and bolder,” mocked Gareth. 
She furrowed her brows. Gareth has caught her red–handed. 
She gripped the strap of her bag. Elisa defensively stated, “Mr. Wickam. Out so late?” 
Before the elevator could shut again, Gareth barged in and pressed the control button. Elisa scowled as he grabbed her wrist. 
Elisa twisted her wrist to break free. 
“What the hell are you doing!” She glared at the intruder.
The veins on Gareth’s forehead twitched. “Tell me, Elisa, when will you be done playing your childish games?!” 
Elisa:  
Childish games? 
Elisa felt that this man did not deserve her time and attention. She continued to pull her arm free, but Gareth simply tightened his grip. She tried kicking him with her free leg. 
Gareth anticipated her antics and dodged the assault. He gave her a cold look in response. 
Before he could say something, the elevator doors opened. This made Elisa decide whether to step foot and expose her living quarters. 
I don’t want him near where I live! 
Why… 
In the middle of their scurry, a woman approached the elevator door in front of them. 
When the old lady’s gaze met Gareth’s sharp stare, she trembled outright and fled. “Oh…pardon me. I accidentally pressed the wrong button.” 
Elisa: … 
The elevator door slowly closed and ascended to the lobby. “You brute! Unhand me!” 
“Brute?!” Gareth fumed with rage. 
Elisa:…
Why is he on edge? It’s not like this is the first time we’ve argued. 
“It was never my intention to go against you in court! I divorced you because you left me with no choice!” 
That’s enough. 
Gareth was already annoyed by her earlier comments, but now… that’s it. This is the last straw. 
“How could you cast me out again?! How could you leave after all that!?” He held Elisa in his arms. 
He wanted to hold her into place, but it came out as an embrace. The closeness of her filled his breath with her scent. It was somewhat nostalgic. 
He never confessed it, but he loved Elisa’s scent. It was warm and radiant–it gave him joy whenever he breathed it in. Compared to Linda’s, he found her smell personally harsh. It lingered back at his home, which made him sick sometimes. 
Elisa was taken aback. Her heartbeat quickened. 
“Gareth… What are you doing?!” 
Knowing struggling was useless, Elisa stopped. There was no use wasting her strength. 
She didn’t anticipate Gareth to pin her to a corner. With a sneer, he looked down at her. “Elisa, name me a number. There’s no use fighting against me.”
###chapter229
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 229
Elisa found it hard to contain her rage. He actually still thinks I’m after money! 
After the divorce, she used the chance to negotiate terms with him. She refused ownership of the villa, but this didn’t change Gareth’s view of Elisa. Is he for real?! 
Ah! 
“Let me remind you who won the lawsuit for Will Darcey. Not only is it sitting around in my bank account collecting dust, but I gained an additional 7.5 million from that trial alone,” spat Elisa. “so let me ask you this, do you think you can woe me with money?” 
On the contrary, Mr. Darcey was adamant that Elisa take the additional payment as agreed. However, Elisa refused. She’s still looking into loopholes to send the money back to its owner. 
Gareth clutched his fist to retain his anger. Every statement from Elisa further irritated him. 
The audacity! 
Meanwhile, the elevator opened its doors to Elisa’s floor. 
Gareth realized this and pulled Elisa by her arm. She frowned out of spite. 
He spoke coldly, “Would you rather I dragged you back to my house?” 
Elisa glared at him coldly. She remembered how one time Gareth loudly banged on her door for entry. The banging was so loud that it made the neighbors resent her ever since. 
Guess I have to open the door at some point.
The moment they were in her room, Elisa confronted Gareth. “Well, suppose you can explain why you’re here?!” 
Gareth glared at her harshly. “You know, you’ve moved pretty quickly, considering you denied any form of cheating. Who was it? Mr. Darcey, and that man,” he frowned. “Carle Semoa was it? You’re awfully close for someone who had recently divorced.” 
Elisa felt her blood boil from the accusation. 
Gareth is the same. Always tactless and rude towards me! 
She restrained herself from lashing out. What was the use? Does Gareth even mean anything to me at this point? 
Besides, I don’t belong to this fool. What does my life have to do with him? 
Elisa scowled. “You know Gareth, I’ve noticed you’re especially peeved off today. Why’s that? You suddenly realized you needed me after all?” 
Gareth sneered at her statement. “Elisa, get a grip. What is there to need when I never liked you in the first place?” 
Well, that hurt. 
Yup, this is Gareth, all right. Just needed to give a few jabs to get him back to his usual self. 
Elisa nodded. “Hey, you’re right. Since you don’t feel anything for me, why don’t you move on? If you keep hounding me, it’s just going to confuse everyone. Including me,” she scowled. “besides, it’s getting annoying. No?”
She looked at Gareth with disgust, which made him laugh cynically. Before he could berate her, Elisa cut him off: 
“By the way, think what you want of me,” she growled. “but the last thing you should consider me is impressionable. I’m fully aware of your stature, but if you wish to resolve things with me, then do it with a clear mind. Don’t go barging into my house like some animal and threaten me with your anger.” 
Gareth: !!! 
Gareth made a terrifying expression. “Why do you lie?! Over and over again!” 
His appearance startled Elisa, but she merely chuckled. Why the sudden change of topic? You haven’t even answered my question. 
“What exactly did I lie about? You didn’t even ask me a question,” she scoffed. 
Elisa finished her sentence and grinned grimly. “I confirmed that it was the second day following the incident. Grandma made us go to the old house for dinner, but you despised me the day before. Have you ever comforted me since then?”
###chapter230
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 230
Gareth’s demeanor slightly changed. He was rendered dumbfounded by Elisa’s words. 
He noticed there was resentment in Elisa’s eyes. She used to tell him everything. Now, he wanted to tell her she was not a waste of space. She could come to him about anything if she wanted to. 
To be by his side, with no pretenses. What could have been… 
Could… 
There was nothing to say because; she could only stifle these words from her heart. 
Elisa noticed the change and decided to break the news to him. “Gareth, you should go. It’s not good that you keep looking for me. For the sake of my cousin and your grandmother, you should leave. I won’t attend the wedding.” 
Elisa spoke casually, unaware that she had thoroughly incited Gareth’s rage. 
“Don’t worry, I won’t interfere with your life going forward, Try not to cross paths with me. But you can’t hold me accountable if something like that happens again. I have my own group of friends, and they need me. Even if it’s you, I will not put up with your nonsense.” 
Gareth’s eyes darkened. 
Before Elisa could provoke him further with her words, Gareth stepped forward. 
He pulled her towards him. 
Elisa was startled.
It was just like in the elevator. She struggled and grew anxious from his grip. “Gareth, stop acting insane!” 
“Maybe I am!” Gareth screamed with rage. 
Elisa was startled. She looked up at the man in front of him in disbelief. “Why are you like this?” 
Gareth suffocated her. The close contact felt foreign to her, as they had never actually embraced like this before. Even when her grandmother forced them together, they would keep their distance away from each other. 
Elisa tried her best to restrain her emotions, but she still felt that her heartbeat betrayed that composure. 
Although divorced, she gave up her heart and stopped believing in love. 
It’s all impossible. She refuses to rekindle that hope anymore. 
Elisa grew tired of holding on to that hope. However, she hoped to gradually leave the past behind and find peace. 
BUT NOW?! 
This would be impossible. With him intruding into her life from time to time, it seemed impossible. 
Gareth! You bastard! 
Why do you keep torturing my feelings?! 
She became irritated the more she contemplated it. With that, she abruptly lifted her leg and struck him.
Gareth avoided the attack, which exacerbated her. “We have divorced Gareth! Get that in your head! I don’t want to ever see you again!” She yelled, “You have no right over my life! Grow some balls and kill me then! I’ll rather be dead than be tortured incessantly like this!” 
Gareth was completely livid. He was taken aback by Elisa’s heartless proclamation. “Stop seeing those two fools then! Will and Carle! What will the news say when they find out!” 
“What will they say about me?! They’ll print on headlines how I married a slut for a wife before!” 
“Gareth!” 
Elisa was at her breaking point. 
Gareth merely scoffed and left.
###chapter231
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 231
As the door slammed shut, Elisa collapsed to the ground. She felt sick to her stomach. 
Just when she thought moving on was possible, Gareth barges back into her life -armed with nothing but poisonous words. 
With clenched teeth, she finally allowed herself to weep. 
Elisa lowered her head and hugged her legs close. 
Her sobs were interrupted by each shaky breath. She buried her face into her arms. 
At that moment, Gareth had reached the elevator’s entrance. His expression was no better than Elisa’s; his haggard expression made him look old. 
God knows how much he wanted to hit Elisa with those words she spoke. 
The elevator descended, and Gareth’s mind was full of thoughts. 
It was the first time he saw Elisa so angry. It seemed that he finally got under her skin. 
Gareth closed his eyes. When the elevator door opened, he cleared his mind and no longer thought about the previous matter. 
No… 
He came back to haunt him. By the time he sat in his car, regrets started to well up in him. 
This is bad. Feelings don’t control me.
After all, he was never influenced by anything. Sensible, knows how to use people, resourceful, and knows how to keep a steady sail. It seemed that the storm had overthrown that composure. 
But now… 
He started the engine and drove off. 
Linda raced back to the room and grabbed her phone. She dialed Rose while she was still at Gareth’s place. She was sickly pale and was worried about the situation. 
When the other party answered, there was still a moment of hesitation, “Linda? Why are you calling me at this time? Could it be… Gareth hasn’t come back?” 
If not, the two of them have already begun to bring up the subject now, right? 
Linda was exhausted and said, “Mom…” 
Hearing her slightly choked voice, Rose sensed something had gone terribly wrong. She immediately sat up and queried, “What’s wrong? What happened?” 
Similarly, Norman grew concerned. He grabbed the phone and put it on speaker. 
“Gareth. It’s Gareth,” she cried. 
The husband and wife looked at each other and paused. 
Something clicked in Rose’s mind and signaled her husband to remain silent. She didn’t want Linda to hang up the phone. 
It must be the first time.
Norman didn’t dare to make a sound. 
Rose smiled, “Honey, it’s bound to happen. Even if you’re engaged, it’s normal. Don’t worry, Gareth is a responsible man. Why are you crying? Shouldn’t you be with him instead?” 
At the back of her mind, she felt relieved. Her daughter had fully assimilated into the Wickam household.
###chapter232
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 232
“No… That’s not the case.” Linda’s eyes turned red. She looked frenzied. 
Rose stopped smiling instantly. Norman looked at his wife’s phone. Something felt amiss to him. 
Linda shuddered. She could not help but mumble. “If it is really what you think, do I have to be so afraid? The point is–although he has come back, he walked away in disgust as soon as he saw me. He is sick of me! Mother, he really has no intention of marrying me now!” 
Rose and Norman’s facial expressions changed immediately! 
Norman did not care so much anymore. He immediately grabbed her phone and exclaimed in disbelief, “What is actually going on!” 
Linda shivered and gritted her teeth. “He told me to leave this place! He clearly dislikes me, and does not have any plans to marry me! But he had declared his love for me so confidently last time! What on earth is happening now? Can he not forget Elisa Benett?” 
“Nonsense! When has he ever been fond Elisa?” Norman’s face darkened. 
Rose frowned hard, then let out a deep sigh helplessly. “Linda, you recovered too quickly.” 
Norman raised his eyes and looked at Rose. “What do you mean?” 
Rose spoke helplessly once more. “I was quite torn at that time when I let Linda recover so soon… Even if the medical field is quite advanced now, your duration of recovery is too short. You should let him see how much suffering you had to endure while in bed.” 
Linda froze for a while. Her breathing quickened without her realizing it. Should she have done that?
Norman glanced at her sullenly. “What should we do now, then?” 
Linda held her phone tightly. She did not say anything else. She was clearly waiting for Rose to speak. 
It was her mother who helped her come up with ideas most of the time. She was completely dependent on her mother’s wisdom. 
Rose hesitated for a moment before speaking. “Linda, I will arrange for a group of people to come now. Pretend to walk out in a daze when they are about to arrive later. Remember to call his mother five minutes before you go out, and weep throughout the call. Don’t say a word at all. Understand?” 
Linda was startled. “Mother, what do you mean…?” 
“A relapse.” Rose merely replied with two words. 
Linda’s facial expression changed again. “Will this… really work? But if I do so, the chances of me approaching him will be reduced again. If he and Elisa…” 
“You have to do it. He no longer has sympathy toward you anymore. The most important thing you should do now is to make him feel guilty about leaving you alone so that he will pity you. Only then, can you win his heart from Elisa! You were successful the first time anyway!” 
Norman thought that Rose’s suggestion was quite logical too. He looked at Rose. “Then what is the plan you mentioned just now? What will her relapse be like?” 
Rose replied calmly, “I will send some thugs over, but there will be people who will save Linda too. Linda, do you get it?” 
Linda turned pale. She took in a deep breath and said, “I understand. I shall get ready now.” 
“Alright. Call Monica in twenty minutes, then leave after twenty–five minutes when you’re dressed up.
It had to be five minutes after, because then, Monica would not be able to get to Linda in time. So, she will be able to arrange a tragic accident for Linda to be admitted into the hospital again. 
This plan was seamlessly perfect.
###chapter233
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 233
Linda took a deep breath before answering. “Okay, I understand.” 
And so, they ended the phone call. Rose immediately arranged for some people to go to the hospital. Linda, on the other hand, sat in her ward. She felt extremely uneasy. 
Soon, twenty minutes had passed. 
Linda gripped her phone tightly. Eventually, she called Monica. 
Monica had played an important role in helping her get into the Wickam family. Monica was also waiting for tonight. 
When Monica heard her phone ring, she thought she had succeeded. She smiled and answered the call with a smile. “Linda, why are you calling me at this time? Have you not gone to bed yet?” 
Linda gently gasped through her mouth like her nose was blocked. She sounded like she had cried. 
Monica frowned, and quickly asked, “Linda, what’s the matter?” 
Linda gasped again, then spoke softly. She sounded as if she was trying hard to refrain from crying. “Aunty, I’m… going home first.” 
Her voice shook as she was about to finish her sentence. She sounded like she was unable to hold back her emotions. 
Monica’s facial expression changed immediately. “What is wrong, Linda? Where are you going? What about Gareth?”
Linda sighed. “Aunty, perhaps we are not meant for each other. I… I shall go back first. I will not intervene in Gareth’s life anymore in the future. I will not carry any hopes for him either.” 
“Linda, calm down. What on earth happened? Tell me.” 
Linda sniffed. Then she spoke in a trembling voice, “There’s no need for that, aunty. You don’t have to do anything for me. I shouldn’t have expected too much. I should have remained aloof, and not spoiled their relationship. I shall leave, aunty. I will visit you in the future when I have the chance.” 
Linda hung up as soon as she finished speaking. 
She removed the singlet she was wearing and changed into a more presentable outfit. She wiped her tears and tried hard to calm herself down. 
She was not quite able to control her emotions earlier on. She had spent a lot of time and thought planning this so that she could be with Gareth. But… He suddenly stopped caring for her and even seemed to detest her. 
How could she not be upset? 
After Linda finished changing, she grabbed her bag and went out. 
It was a chilly night. The icy breeze kissed her face. She could not help but shiver. But the chill she felt physically was no competition to the piercing coldness in her heart. 
Huge drops of tears streamed down Linda’s face uncontrollably. Her phone in her bag vibrated. She took it out and saw that it was Monica calling. She did not answer it. 
About five minutes later, when she was walking past an alley, a few men approached her. “Hey sweetie, where are you heading to? Feeling lonely?”
Linda stopped instantly. Her facial expression changed. “Who… Who are you…” 
In less than a minute, Linda was surrounded by these men. 
She quickly backed away. “What… What are you guys doing? Do you know who I am?” 
“Of course, you are a woman! Hahaha! We just want to enjoy the night view with a woman.” 
Linda was so frightened that she took several more steps back. She did not expect to fall into one of the men’s arms. “Oh! She has taken favor of me! Come on baby, I will let you feel some love tonight.” 
“Ah! Let go of me!” 
Linda panicked for real. How dare these men! 
Didn’t her mother tell them what they should or should not do? How dare they touch her! 
They are not on the same level as her! 
“Don’t be scared. But I like it when you play hard to get.” The men suddenly rushed over towards her.
###chapter234
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 234
Chapter 234 Which Hospital Are You Going To? 
“Ah!” Linda shouted out loud in panic. “Let go of me! Are you crazy?” 
“Bastards!” 
At this moment, a man suddenly dashed over towards them, and swung a punch onto the hooligan’s face. 
“Bang!” 
“What the hell! Who are you? How dare you hit me! Frigging bastard! My nose is bleeding! Beat him up for me!” 
Linda looked at the man who had come to save her. It was someone she didn’t know. 
Although it was dark at night, Linda could see the man’s facial features. He was very handsome. Who is he? Did her mother arrange for him to come to save her…?” 
Linda stepped aside in fear. But one of the hooligans grabbed her. “Do you think you are safe now that someone is here for you? No, you are destined to be mine!” 
As soon as he finished speaking, he dragged Linda away. 
Linda screamed loudly in panic. But the hooligan said, “Listen, Miss Benett. You will hit me later, and I will pretend to be angry and beat you up. Try to make it look real. Then, we will go to the hospital after that.” 
Linda was stunned for a bit before she hummed in response. The hooligan quickly shouted, “Do you think you will be able to escape just because someone is here to save you? I will make sure you suffer
less if you cooperate!” 
“Let go of me! Let go of me!” 
Linda could not wriggle free of the hooligan’s grasp. She started to hit him. 
“How dare you hit me? You wretched woman!” 
The hooligan grabbed a portion of Linda’s long hair. Linda screamed in pain. At this moment, the hooligan’s leg was already about to kick her. Linda went along with the act and immediately fell onto the floor as soon as his leg touched her. She pretended to be in a lot of pain that she could not even get up. 
She let out a loud shriek, and pretended to pass out. 
The hooligan did not stop beating her while cursing at her! 
The man who had saved Linda was almost done with the other hooligans. When everyone was beaten up, and on the ground, he quickly dashed over and punched the last hooligan to the ground. 
Then, he picked Linda up immediately from the ground. 
Linda laid in the man’s arms. The man picked up her bag and quickly flagged a cab. He carried her into the car, then sat right beside her. 
Linda wanted to take a proper look at him to see who he was, but she was afraid that she would ruin the plan if she did so. She did not want anyone to suspect that this act was fake. She could only continue to remain unconscious. Her phone vibrated in her bag. The man opened her bag. 
When he saw the caller ID “Aunty”, he picked up the call.
“Are you this phone owner’s aunt?” The man’s pleasant voice surprised Linda. Monica, who was at the other end of the phone, was taken back for a while too. 
She quickly answered, “I’m her aunt. Who are you?” 
“This lady is now unconscious. I’m taking her to the hospital now. A group of hooligans was harassing her when I saw her. I saved her from them.” 
When Monica heard his explanation, she sighed in relief. “Which hospital are you going to?” 
“Three Hills Hospital. Please inform her parents about this. We will arrive at the hospital in twenty minutes.” 
Monica quickly responded, “Okay, I will inform them now!’ 
Monica had already gotten up as she was speaking. She went out and called her driver. When the driver on duty got her call, he brought the car out to the front porch immediately and brought Monica into it swiftly. 
Monica sat in the car with a pale face! 
She had never expected this to happen. She called Rose at once.
###chapter235
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 235
Chapter 235 What on Earth Happened? 
“Mrs. Wickam?” Rose sounded a little tired. “It’s late. Is anything the matter?” 
“My in-law…” Monica took a deep breath, then blurted out guiltily. “I feel sorry for you!” 
Rose deliberately paused for a moment, as if she was taking time to regain herself. But before she could say anything, Monica continued, “I called Linda profusely just now, but she did not answer. When my call was finally connected, a man answered it. He said that a group of hooligans had fenced Linda in. He saved her, and they are now on the way to Three Hills Hospital. I… I…” 
“Linda is in trouble?” Rose sounded extremely distressed! 
“They are arriving at the hospital in about ten minutes. Let’s meet there and talk further!” 
“Alright!” Rose hung up the call and glanced at Norman, who was beside her. She regained her calmness as she spoke to him, “Come on, time for us to go.” 
Norman frowned slightly. He looked a little worried. “Are you sure that this will work?” 
“Of course!” She scoffed at Norman when she saw the worried look on his face. “Gareth had never liked our daughter from the start. We can only make him stay by her side with guilt. Look how effective it is! As long as he feels guilty for her once more, our Linda will be able to be his bride!” 
Deep down, Norman felt that it was wrong for them to do so. But he agreed with his wife. There seemed to be no other way. So both of them did not hesitate any longer. They got dressed and went out. 
Monica was the first to arrive. When she called Linda’s phone, the man answered again. He told her where they were at. Monica hurried over.
She was taken aback for a moment when she saw that handsome man. Then she hurriedly asked, “How is she?” 
The man cast a glance at Monica, then spoke calmly, “I don’t know for sure. We should wait for the doctor to tell us about it.” 
“Can you tell me what happened just now? About everything that you saw,” Monica spoke solemnly. 
The man nodded, and told her the events that transpired earlier. Monica’s face turned pale as she listened to his story. “Did you say that she was kicked in her left leg?” 
“Yes.” the man nodded in response. 
Monica looked even more flustered. The man did not ask her any questions. He merely said, “Well, since you are here, I can now leave. This is her stuff.” 
The man handed Linda’s bag over to Monica as soon as he finished speaking. Then, he left without looking back. 
Monica paced back and forth outside as she waited anxiously. 
But the door of the operation room was still closed. No one came out of it even after Monica glanced at it several times. 
Not long later, Rose and Norman dashed in. Rose shouted anxiously, “Mrs. Wickam!” 
Monica turned around and spoke guiltily, “Oh, Rose. It is all my fault!” 
Her voice trembled. She was really unnerved by what happened today. She was the one who gave Linda permission. She dared not tell Rose about this.
After all, women were more likely to be misjudged if found in the company of a man late at night. The Benett family was not just a simple family too. Monica was sure to feel guilty. 
Rose’s face was as pale as a sheet. “What… What happened?” 
She had no intention of blaming anyone, but the anxious look in her eyes was clear as crystal. Monica could only take a deep sigh and tell Rose what she had learned just now. 
“Left… Left leg…” Rose’s face went green. She shivered, and collapsed on the ground!
###chapter236
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 236
Chapter 236 A Slap in the Face! 
“Rose!” Norman quickly held her. 
Rose’s breathing became irregular. Her eyes went red. But she did not blame Monica. 
“I’m sorry… Sorry. I did not watch over my son properly, yet I came up with this absurd idea. It’s all my fault…” Monica’s eyes brimmed with tears. 
Linda injured her left leg badly and was bedridden last time from the wounds the suffered. This time, the hooligans had kicked her left leg again. This would inevitably create fear in Monica’s heart. 
Rose looked sad. She took a deep breath, then grabbed Monica’s hand urgently. “Mrs. Wickam, please promise me one thing!” 
Monica shook her head guiltily, “This is all my fault, Rose! What can I promise you?” 
“Tell Gareth to come, will you?” Rose’s eyes were red. She said anxiously, “Mrs. Wickam, I know that Gareth might dislike my daughter. I will not let my daughter get near Gareth, and I will not let her disturb his life in the future. But I’m worried that my daughter will not be able to wake up from her coma this time… What if she doesn’t wake up anymore? What if she becomes paralyzed? She got injured so seriously right after she had just recovered. Her medical condition might relapse…” 
Tears kept streaming down Rose’s face. It was a mother’s concern for her daughter. There were no words of complaint or finger-pointing from her at all. It made Monica feel even guiltier. She quickly agreed, “Okay! I will call Gareth now!” 
She passed Linda’s bag to Norman, then took out her phone to call Gareth. 
Gareth did not answer the very first call.
Rose and Norman stared at her as she made the call. She felt a little anxious over their actions. 
Monica tried calling the second time. 
No one answered. 
No one answered the third time either! 
Eventually, when she made her fourth attempt to call Gareth, the call was connected. Before Gareth could speak, Monica spoke anxiously. 
“I don’t care how your relationship with Linda is now, but she is now in trouble because of you!” 
The annoyed look in Gareth’s eyes disappeared at once. He frowned hard and asked, “What’s the matter?” 
Monica gritted her teeth and answered, “After you chased her away, she ran off and met a group of hooligans. She tried to resist them, but they beat her up and kicked her left leg. She passed out there. Luckily a kind Samaritan saved her and brought her to the hospital. Come to Three Hills Hospital now! If she loses the will to live, she might not wake up from her coma!” 
Gareth’s facial expression changed slightly. He responded by promising, “I will be there right away.” 
He ended the call and immediately sped to the hospital. 
He frowned hard. His face was extremely cold. He shouldn’t have vented the anger he had for Elisa towards Linda. Linda was already bedridden once because of him. If anything happened to her again, there was nothing he could do to make up to her. 
He stepped harder onto the accelerator when he thought of this.
When he arrived at the hospital, a few of them were still waiting anxiously outside the room. The operation was obviously still going on. 
Gareth looked gloomy. When Monica saw him, she was so furious that she raised her hand and gave him a slap on the face! 
Gareth’s head swung to one side because of the strength of her slap. Gareth’s right cheek turned red immediately. 
Rose looked flustered as she exclaimed, “Mrs. Wickam! Calm down! What’s done is done, and it cannot be solved by hitting Gareth. Moreover, this is not Gareth’s fault, it’s my daughter’s…”
###chapter237
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 237
Chapter 237 Don’t Waste Time Anymore 
Monica was trembling in anger. Her eyes were red as she accused Gareth, “You promised to marry Linda. Are you blind? Can you not see how much Linda has done for you? She has the right to stay in your house forever. You owe her that! But you! What did you do, Gareth Wickam?” 
Gareth pursed his lips and remained silent. 
Rose shook her head. “No… Mrs. Wickam. Calm down. This has got nothing to do with Gareth. My daughter…” 
“This has got nothing to do with Linda!” Monica was really furious this time. She could not even control her temper at the hospital anymore. She raised her hand, and gave Gareth another slap on the other side of his face! 
This time, both his cheeks were equally red and swollen. 
Gareth did not duck. But he did not say a single word. 
Monica gritted her teeth and spoke once more, “This was my idea! I forced her to go there! Linda was reluctant to force you. I was the one who said that it was time for the two of you to get married and that I wanted to have a grandchild! She is your savior! Savior! Would you still be alive now if it weren’t for her? Gareth Wickam, can’t you be any smarter? What right do you have to do as you like now? Now her left leg is injured again! What’s the point of marrying her if she cannot wake up anymore?” 
“You ruined a good girl’s life twice just like that! Do you think you are really that superior?” Monica was extremely mad this time to have uttered these words. But of course, she had to stand firm to her ground because Rose and Norman were there.
Linda was bedridden last time because of Gareth. Now, she was bedridden again because of her relationship with Gareth. The Wickam’s family is indebted to Linda twice! 
Rose quickly walked up to Monica and grabbed her arm. “It’s alright, Mrs. Wickam. What’s done is done. Gareth is also someone with a reputation. If someone else sees him in this condition, it would not be good for him. I’m grateful enough as long as Linda can regain her consciousness. Perhaps… our families are not destined to tie the knot.” 
Rose sighed. Her eyes were still red. 
Norman nodded quickly as well. “That’s right, Mrs. Wickam. Let’s wait and see first. Perhaps Linda will regain her consciousness soon.” 
Gareth closed his eyes and spoke softly, “Was she…” 
He did not finish his question, but everyone knew what he was referring to. 
“No! That would be the worst thing that could ever happen to her!” Monica immediately retorted. 
Gareth sighed quietly in relief. But it wasn’t because he cared for her. He just felt less burdened like that. 
He frowned slightly as Monica glanced at him. “Go in and accompany Linda later if she manages to regain her consciousness. Do not even try to say a word that could hurt her feelings! Got it?” 
Gareth paused for a moment before nodding. 
Only then, Monica sighed in relief. Rose and Norman sighed quietly in relief as well. 
Time passed. Finally, the red light outside the operation room turned green!
Norman patted onto Rose’s shoulder happily and exclaimed, “Look, honey!” 
“I see it! I see it! Thank God! My Linda is fine!” Rose was so excited that she jumped up from her chair. Her eyes were fixed on the green light. 
Monica and Gareth breathed a sigh of relief. 
Monica glanced at Gareth once more and said, “Tell her that you will marry her when you go in! Do not waste any more time. I will tell the press right now to clarify your relationship with Elisa and Linda!”
###chapter238
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 238
Chapter 238 You Are Giving Me Hope 
Gareth frowned hard. But he could not bring himself to say anything at this moment. 
Monica was already calling Darren at this moment. 
Darren picked up the call and asked, “Monica? Why are you calling at this hour?” 
Darren and Julia were quite close to Monica, that they called her by her name. Monica was used to it too. She quickly answered, “Father, it’s hard to explain everything to you, but I’d like to seek your approval to release the statement that we have prepared.” 
Darren was surprised. “Now? Has Gareth agreed to it?” 
“He has no say in this! Hasn’t he done enough? Father, I’m at the hospital now. Linda was in critical condition again because of Gareth! He has to marry her!” 
Darren was startled. “What happened?” 
Monica took in a deep breath. She hesitated, then spoke, “Father, please send out the statement first. There are still some matters that I have to tend to here.” 
“Which hospital are you at?” 
“The Benett’s Three Hills Hospital.” 
Darren hung up the call and did as Monica told him to do. He sent out the statement. 
At that moment, the news about Gareth, Elisa, and Linda flooded the Internet! 
Elisa, Linda, and Gareth’s relationship became the Internet’s hot search topic!
Gareth did not take a look at his phone, but he had expected what would happen if the statement was released. He clenched his fists tightly and did not say a word. 
Darren, on the other hand, rushed to the hospital. He arrived in no time. He met them to find out about the incident. 
After listening to the whole story, Darren was furious. He scolded, “This brat!” 
He quickly glanced toward Rose and Norman. He spoke solemnly, “Child, I will never let this slide off so easily. I will make sure my grandson does not act however he likes. My granddaughter-in-law will and can only be Linda!” 
Rose and Norman were overjoyed inside. Regardless of Gareth’s decision to agree or disagree, at least the two elders’ stand was firm. Moreover, they released the statement earlier than planned. This was good news! 
Nobody could stop this good news! 
At this moment, Linda had regained consciousness. But when she opened her eyes and saw Gareth, she closed them again. She clearly did not want to see him. 
Gareth walked closer and took a look at her pale face. Tears suddenly rolled down his cheeks as he sat down slowly. He apologized with guilt, “I’m sorry.” 
Linda turned around. She refused to look at him. But she still answered him softly, “Garry, I don’t blame you. I acted too rashly today.” 
She did not sound accusive, but she was distant. 
Gareth’s eyes darted back and forth. He did not speak.
Linda was anxious. Can’t he just tell her that he would marry her? Must he let her lead him to say it? 
Linda gently took a deep breath and spoke again, “Today’s incident was solely caused by my own initiative. Moreover, those hooligans did not do anything to me, so it will not affect me in the future. I just have to stay for a few more days at the hospital. Although it has caused a relapse, I’m not going to be paralyzed. I will be able to get discharged soon. So, Garry, don’t feel that you have to take responsibility for me out of guilt. That will make me feel burdened; it’s like giving me false hope.” 
Linda sounded helpless yet reluctant. Tears rolled down her cheeks.
###chapter239
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 239
Chapter 239 Don’t Blame Me for Getting There First 
Gareth pursed his lips. “Grandpa and mom have released the statement.” 
Linda shivered, then glanced at Gareth. She opened her mouth to speak, but was at a loss for words. 
Gareth spoke calmly, “I owe you this. But whatever happened today was not within my expectations. Do give me two months to deal with a few things.” 
Linda’s eyes waved slightly. “Garry, you…” 
She seemed like she did not know what to say. In the end, Gareth interrupted her. He looked at Linda’s newly bandaged leg and asked, “Does it still hurt?” 
Linda shook her head. “It’s not like I had an operation. It’s just minor scratches. They made a huge fuss over it. I’m fine. Look.” 
Linda insisted. But she took in a deep, loud gasp from raising her left leg to show it to Gareth. 
“Don’t force yourself!” 
Gareth did not move because he was afraid that he would touch her wound. “Put your leg down.” 
Linda said nothing anymore. She complied and relaxed her leg. 
Not long after, the others walked in. When Linda saw Darren, she asked in a surprised tone. “Grandpa, why have you come too? It’s just a minor wound. It’s nothing to worry about.” 
Darren stepped forward and sighed helplessly. “Girl, I feel sorry for you. If I had released the statement earlier, your marriage with Gareth wouldn’t have been postponed for so long!”
Monica’s eyes were full of guilt. “Linda, it is all my fault. You are a good girl. This brat, however!” 
As soon as she finished speaking, she raised her hand once more to hit Gareth. But Linda stopped her with a startled look on her face. “Aunty!” 
Rose quickly held Monica’s arm. “Mrs. Wickam, don’t hit him anymore. You have already slapped him twice!” 
Linda was shocked. “Slapped him twice…” 
She looked at Gareth’s face. She had noticed that his cheeks were a little red just now. She did not know why earlier. It turns out that he was slapped… 
Gareth was a loved son. He had never been hit before. But now, his mother had hit him because of her. 
It was apparent how much the Wickam family cared about her, and wanted her to be their granddaughter-in-law. 
She felt satisfied at that moment. Her mother was right. The Wickam family will only feel guiltier if she had a relapse! 
Now, Gareth’s attitude towards her had totally changed! 
But this method can only be used once. It will not be effective anymore if they keep using it. 
She must cherish this opportunity and plan out carefully what she should do in the next two months. She cannot let the Wickam family get tired of her. 
At the same time, many people were discussing about them after the statement was released. 
Many mentioned Elisa and made her a hot topic. It was as if they were eagerly waiting for her downfall.
Will Darcey, too, did not sleep when he saw the statement. His assistant looked at him and asked, “Mr. Darcey, the Wickam Group’s shares might drop a little after they release this statement now.” 
Will smiled slightly. “But isn’t Linda currently a hospital patient? Of course, they’d have to do this to continue their business with the Benett family. Their loss is just temporary. After this statement, their loss will not be much.” 
The assistant frowned. But he could only nod. Will signed the last document on his desk, then got up and looked downstairs. His smile widened. “Well, since they have pushed Elisa further, they cannot blame me for getting there first.”
###chapter240
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 240
Chapter 240 I’m going to Continue to Cry 
The assistant was startled. He looked at Will and asked, “Mr. Darcey…? Are you sure you want…?” 
To be with her? 
He dared not say the last part of his question. 
Will smiled. “Everyone thinks that I’m a loose person. Why can’t I be with her then? Who would think that I’m ridiculous?” 
“But you are not like this. Moreover, Miss Benett is married. Mr. Darcey, you are such an excellent person…” 
Will laughed. “I don’t mind it. Moreover, Elisa is worth it.” 
“You…” The assistant looked surprised. 
The reason Mr. Darcey approached Elisa last time was also because Elisa had made the first move and initiative to look for him. She even revealed her identity as the Iris, and declared that she was willing to work with him. 
Mr. Darcey could use this as a chance to confront Gareth. 
But over time, Mr. Darcey seemed to change his opinions a lot! 
He wanted to ask Mr. Darcey if he had already fallen for that woman. But that was impossible! Their Mr. Darcey was a logical and reasonable man! Where has he gone? 
Will turned around and put his hands on the table. He spoke calmly, “Since the Wickam Group has released their statement, we shall join the fun.”
“What?” The assistant is dumbfounded. 
But Will had already taken up his phone and logged into his Facebook. 
He updated his status even before his assistant could come back to his senses. 
In no time, the Internet’s trend changed! 
Cole was flabbergasted. 
He looked at Will in disbelief, “Mr. Darcey, are you crazy?” 
Cole could not help but blurt out his concern. But Will replied him with a smile, “I’ve mentioned this before. Elisa is worth it. Go and make a reservation at a restaurant for me tomorrow. Invite her. But don’t use my name.” 
“… Okay.” Cole had no choice but to obey and go out. 
It was already eleven at night, but many were still awake. 
After Rachel saw the two trending topics, she immediately made a phone call. 
Elisa had just managed to calm herself down and had gotten ready to sleep when her phone rang. She opened her eyes and saw that it was Rachel who was calling her. She did not even think twice before she answered. 
“What are you doing, darling?” 
“Sleeping. What’s the matter?” When Elisa heard Rachel’s excited voice, she was a little puzzled. 
“How can you still sleep? You are on trend now!”
“What?” 
She was puzzled. Rachel did not wait any longer. She quickly said, “Go take a look at the trending topics. The Wickam family has released a statement, and Will Darcey, who had never mentioned any woman in his social media, has updated his status regarding you. Elisa, you are on trend!” 
Elisa was quiet. Then she said calmly, “Let me have a look.” 
“Hurry! But the Wickam family is indeed cruel. You are right to have left them!” 
Elisa did not respond to Rachel. She immediately opened her Facebook. 
But she did not hang up the call. 
The first and second trending topics were about her. 
Will’s news was first. Elisa clicked onto it first. 
Will: “My life was bitter and boring before I met you. There was only light in my life after you entered my life. I will only be able to carry on with you. Miss Benett, can you see my love for you? @Elisa Benett” 
Elisa frowned hard immediately. 
The post was flooded with comments below it. 
–Not going to get married: “Ah! I’m going to go crazy! I didn’t want to get married because of Mr. Darcey—I knew that I was not worthy of him. But I feel so bitter seeing him being taken, and updating his status for a woman! I should go and continue crying.”
###chapter241
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 241
Chapter 241 What Is Going On Now? 
—Mr. Darcey’s Fangirl: No way! I won’t allow this! Elisa Benett is a discarded woman. Why would Mr. Darcey want to be with her? He should be with someone much better! Mr. Darcey! Don’t marry her! Boohoo… 
—Party Girl: What the heck! Goodness! Gareth Wickam’s side has just posted, saying that Elisa is a devious woman. Yet, barely anytime passed, and someone already came forward to stand by her. I love a man like that! That’s so touching… When will I ever find a man who loves me this much? 
—Don’t You Dare Escape: Is there something wrong with you all? Why do I find your views so cringy? Isn’t the truth obvious? Keyboard warriors, time to shut up! 
—Elisa Is My Goddess: If possible, I hope they end up together. I believe Elisa had a difficult life when she was married to Gareth. I believe they faked having a loving marriage. Otherwise, why is their relationship so tense after the divorce? Elisa sacrificed a lot for the Wickam family, but Gareth didn’t appreciate them. Now, she needs a man who cherishes her. I give my blessings to Elisa and Will! 
—Let’s Talk Calmly: That’s really shocking! But I support the comment above me. Elisa stopped working as Iris for three years for Gareth’s sake. From this, we can see how much she respected the Wickam family and was willing to be a full-time housewife. However, the Wickam family did not appreciate her sacrifice. 
—Oh, Love: Are you all out of your minds? Elisa is a devious woman! Have you not seen the post by the Wickam family? How can you say Elisa deserves better? Are you all idiots? 
Next, both sides became embroiled in an argument. Elisa was surprised to find she had fans siding with her. She had never paid attention to such a matter previously.
Then, she moved away from the Twitter post and continued to search for the post by the Wickam family. 
She heard Rachel’s voice. “Have you seen it?” 
“Yes, I saw what Will posted,” Elisa answered indifferently and continued to scroll down the Twitter page. 
Rachel chuckled and said, “Although I don’t agree with you being with Will, he manages to humiliate the Wickam family and stand up for you. Liz, he seems like a decent guy.” 
Elisa sneered. She finally tapped on the post by the Wickam family. 
She was stunned to discover that Darren was the one who posted it. “Turns out Grandpa posted it…” 
Although she knew he looked down on her and had prejudices against her, she still had a decent impression of him. But now… 
“That’s right. He posted it! But why are you surprised? Didn’t he mistreat you and try to make you divorce Gareth? It’s unsurprising that he would post this.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and did not say anything. 
Then, Rachel said with disdain, “It seems Linda is hospitalized.” 
“Hospitalized?” Elisa wore an astonished expression. 
“Yes, I think her hospitalization might be connected to the post made by the Wickam family. Perhaps the Wickam family posted it to assuage the Benett family. Who knows, Linda might be up to something devious again.”
Hospitalization? Elisa narrowed her eyes. Whenever Linda does something devious, it is likely to gather evidence. 
Then, Elisa tapped on Darren’s Twitter post again.
###chapter242
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 242
Chapter 242 Is This a Revenge? 
—Darren Wickam: I’m sorry for announcing it here, but I thought about it for a long time before posting this. I shall clarify everything here today. 
I believe many are curious about the matter between my grandson and Ms. Benett. Many people were confused as to why would such a loving couple suddenly divorce and wondered if their loving marriage was only an act. 
They were wrong. My grandson and Ms. Benett’s loving marriage was real. The Wickam family would never be involved in deception. 
Elisa’s eyes flashed with mockery as she read this. Deception? 
Haha! 
Then, she continued down the post. 
—Darren Wickam: However, something forced the Wickam family to see Ms. Benett in a new light. I believe everyone knows how Ms. Benett came to marry my grandson. After all, there were many arguments over this matter. At the time, we thought since it had happened, Gareth should be a gentleman and take responsibility. That was why the Wickam family and the Benett family promptly arranged a marriage between them. We thought this would be a more peaceful solution. Unfortunately, three years later, we discovered that it was all a scheme. Turns out Ms. Benett was behind it! 
“Which part are you at? Liz, this man is a hypocrite. There’s no use getting angry over him! Since he posted this, it’s obvious he wants to remove all the blame from himself. After all, he needs to protect Wickam Group. Liz, don’t waste your energy being angry with him. The reason I asked you to see this is to show you their true colors.”
“I know.” Elisa had a stern expression as she continued reading the post. 
She wanted to see how Darren would continue to argue for himself. 
—Darren Wickam: When we investigated and found out everything, Gareth confronted Ms. Benett about it. However, she said it was all baseless accusations, and she had no part in what happened. She claimed she was the victim, and someone framed her. 
But the Wickam family are not fools. We knew she was lying. Even if she had feelings for Gareth, it did not justify her lies and betrayals. Furthermore, Ms. Benett felt insecure in her marriage and met other men secretly. How could the Wickam family bear such an insult? 
“Heh…” 
Elisa could not help but sneer. That prompted Rachel to ask, “Where… Where have you read?” 
“Accusation about my infidelity.” 
Rachel scoffed and said, “I have to say, they do clear themselves of blame so thoroughly. I see many people willing to believe them!” 
“That’s their problem,” Elisa commented indifferently and continued reading. 
—Darren Wickam: Therefore, the Wickam family decided that they must divorce. We could not allow this deceptive woman to remain in our midst. If she one day realized that her marriage was over, she would work with enemies against the Wickam family. In the end, weren’t our concerns proven right? Ms. Benett became vengeful after the divorce. 
Rachel read from the part Elisa mentioned and clenched her teeth furiously. “Darren is outrageous! How could he say these things? He is Wickam Group’s chairman! Doesn’t he know he should take care
of his reputation?” 
Elisa chuckled. “He had to do this to ensure the success of what’s coming next. Moreover, he believes everyone would believe him because of his status. After all, the only ones who know the truth are you and a few others. If you all argue back, people would think I am seeking revenge.” 
“Are we going to let it go and do nothing?” Rachel was indignant.
###chapter243
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 243
Chapter 243 How Will You Retaliate? 
Elisa’s gaze turned cold. “Let it go?” 
No way. 
Why should I stay silent and bear this indignity? 
“Liz, are you going to fight back?” Rachel instantly became hopeful. 
Elisa did not answer but continued reading the post. 
—Darren Wickam: I believe everyone understands by now. During Mr. Morris’ birthday banquet, Ms. Benett attended with Mr. Darcey and announced in public that she was divorcing my grandson. It caused Wickam Group to suffer a major blow. 
Furthermore, the court sided fully with Mr. Darcey, which led to a severe loss for Wickam Group. These two matters clearly prove Ms. Benett’s aim. What she could not get, she chose to destroy. 
The post ended here. What followed were comments. They were mostly insults toward Elisa. 
However, there were also people who defended Elisa. Thus, both sides went into intense arguments. 
—Don’t Argue With Me: Who knew Elisa is such a devious woman! Oh, my goodness! Previously, I thought she is kind. I even thought she is the nicest and most elegant woman in the world. Now, my eyes are opened! I declare I’m no longer a fan of hers! I’ll hate her for life, and I shall curse her if I ever see her! 
—Good Citizen: What the heck? Elisa is evil! He was her husband. How could she commit such atrocities against him? The Wickam family is right to rid themselves of her. How dare she seek
revenge? How could she be so shameless? 
—Madam Henson: We don’t know the whole truth, isn’t it? Who wouldn’t speak in favor of themselves? Elisa has sacrificed so much! Ever since she married Mr. Wickam, she had been an outstanding full- time housewife. She had to appear immaculate in public and handle all household matters. Everything she did was for the benefit of the Wickam Group. She even gave up her career as Iris, an outstanding lawyer that numerous major entrepreneurs sought after! Yet, she willingly gave up her career for three years! Don’t you people understand the significance of three years to an elite lawyer or to a major entrepreneur? 
—Gareth Wickam Is My Hubby: Who cares about those three years? Didn’t she save up her authority to be used later for revenge? She dealt a severe blow to the Wickam family after the divorce! 
—Heiress: Since Elisa is a devious person, why did Old Madam Wickam announce before so many people that Elisa is her real granddaughter? What was that for? 
—Pro Hacker: Heh, I finally learned of her true colors. Who would have known that Elisa is such a disgusting person? If I were her, I would have killed myself. What’s the use of living like her? 
“Liz… Are you still reading the comments?” Rachel suddenly felt concerned. However, she knew even if she did not tell Elisa about this post, Elisa would eventually find out about it. 
Elisa laughed and replied casually, “Yes, I’m checking out the comments.” 
“You mustn’t get angry over these worthless people. They are not worth your energy!” 
Elisa smiled. “I know. That’s why I’m only taking a look.” 
“In that case, what are you planning to do next? Everyone is blaming you unjustly, everyone…”
Elisa replied calmly, “Old Mr. Wickam posted this, but I want to see what Gareth will do next. I won’t bother with what an elderly does.” 
“You…” 
“What if Monica did something? I believe Monica is definitely up to something!” 
Elisa answered nonchalantly, “She is not elderly. She is still young to me.” 
Rachel could not resist laughing. What Elisa meant was if Monica did anything, Elisa would not hesitate to retaliate. 
“So, how are you planning to retaliate?”
###chapter244
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 244
Chapter 244 Has Love Lessened? 
Rachel held the phone and seemed confused. However, before Elisa could reply, Rachel suddenly discovered that Elisa was trending again. She could not help but exclaim, “Babe, you and Will are trending together! You guys shot up to first place.” 
Elisa had an uncomfortable feeling about it and entered the post immediately. 
—Elisa And Will’s Fan: Everyone, what do you think of Elisa and Will being together? I love them both. They are outstanding and brilliant! Moreover, Will is handsome, and Elisa is beautiful. They are undoubtedly a good match! 
Numerous comments followed that post. 
—Elisa Is My Wife: Agree! I wholeheartedly agree! Gareth won’t do. It’s good that Elisa found such an outstanding man. You all should know that Will never tweeted about any woman! His newest Twitter post clearly shows Elisa is the love of his life! It shows how important she is to him! I hope they stay together forever! 
—Lost Love: No way! I still believe Gareth and Elisa are the best match! Although they are divorced, it is not unheard of for a divorced couple to reconcile and remarry! How can you all break them apart? That’s immoral! 
—Party Girl: Are they the best match? I used to think so, but their relationship has worsened to this extent. How is it possible for them to remarry? What kind of joke is this? I believe Elisa and Will are most suited for each other! 
—Drifter: No! No! No! I hope Elisa will find an ordinary man who will love and cherish her! I don’t want her to get involved with two prominent families. It would be exhausting for her. My heart pains for her.
… 
Rachel could not help but laugh. “I think what Drifter said made sense. You should find a man who loves you. I know just the right man, and he won’t get involved in Gareth and Will’s rivalry. Babe, do you want to consider him?” 
Elisa rolled her eyes. “Rach, stop trying to match me up with Carle.” 
Rachel was surprised. “How… How did you know…” 
“You always make me sit with him. Do you take me for an idiot?” Then, Elisa sighed and continued, “I don’t desire a romantic relationship with anyone at this moment. Furthermore, I have a complicated background, but Carle has a bright future ahead. He shouldn’t waste it on me. If you keep on doing this and giving him false hopes, you will cause him harm.” 
“I…” Rachel’s eyes flashed with worry. “Liz, you shouldn’t assume he thinks the same way as you because he doesn’t. I didn’t give him false hope. Even if I don’t attempt to match you with him, you are still the only one he loves. Can’t you see his love for you remains in these three years?” 
Rachel sighed. “Whenever we meet up, he would say how much he regretted not telling you about his feelings earlier. Although he was sad that you had to go through a divorce, the divorce also ignited his hope. He truly wishes to be with you… If you remain unmarried, I believe he will continue to wait for you.” 
Elisa’s expression changed slightly. She sighed and did not know what to say. 
Meanwhile, the discussion on Twitter grew out of control. Some people sided with the Wickam family and scolded Elisa. There were also people who liked Will and believed Elisa switched to seducing him after failing to get Gareth. Last but not least, there were also her fans who kept supporting her.
###chapter245
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 245
Chapter 245 Another New Trending On Twitter 
“Liz, I… Did I cause you more trouble?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. “It’s not your fault. I will eventually have to face this. But I hope you will stop advising me about Carle. Instead, you should try your best to let him know what I think and advise him to give up.” 
Rachel sighed helplessly. “I have seen how much you love Gareth after you married him, so I have already advised Carle to give up. However, he…” 
Rachel did not continue with the rest of the sentence because she knew Elisa understood what she meant. 
Elisa sighed and said, “Let’s talk about this another time.” 
Rachel had no choice but to reply, “Sure.” 
Since it was not possible to match Elisa with Carle, Rachel had no choice but to give up. 
Then, Rachel hesitated for a moment before saying to Elisa, “How are you going to fight back next? The Wickam family should be ashamed of themselves.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. Her eyes were full of disdain. In actuality, this matter was outside of her initial expectation. I never expected Grandpa… 
Elisa suddenly laughed. 
“Liz? Why are you laughing?” 
“It’s nothing. There is no need to fight back for now.”
“Huh? Didn’t you say you wouldn’t let them go unpunished?” 
“The Benett family is not done with this yet. I’ll wait for them to finish making their move before I do something.” Elisa’s expression remained calm. 
On the other hand, Rachel was shocked. “What the heck? They are not done yet? When will they be done? How can these people have no shame? I don’t care that they snatched Gareth from you. After all, he is a scoundrel, so there’s no point missing him. But is that still not enough for them?” 
Elisa laughed. “Perhaps I’m too important.” 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
Elisa is important to me because she is my friend. But I don’t understand why Linda would think she is important. After all, Linda can easily marry into the Wickam family… 
At this point, Rachel’s expression froze. “I got it. It must be due to the humiliation she suffered at Old Madam Wickam’s birthday banquet. That’s why she is determined to seek revenge. Furthermore, she knows Old Madam Wickam favors you, so she needs to find a way to secure her standing!” 
Elisa arched her eyebrows but did not say anything. 
“Damn it! Those scoundrels! Why do you have so many annoying relatives?” Rachel grumbled angrily, but she soon laughed. “But then, who doesn’t have one or two annoying relatives?” 
After all, it was the same with her family too. Her father was also a headache. 
Thus, Rachel decided not to think about this anymore but asked, “Liz, it’s good that you can remain calm. It’s not worth getting angry over these people.” 
“Yes, I know.”
When Rachel called her this late at night, Elisa knew it was not just to chat. She knew Rachel was concerned about her discovering the Twitter post tomorrow morning. If she did, Rachel might still be asleep then and would not be able to comfort Elisa. 
Alternatively, Rachel was also worried about how Elisa would react if she found out about the post tonight. Thus, Rachel called to calm her concerns. 
The night deepened. 
After Elisa finished chatting with Rachel, she lay down on the bed. Although she was a little sad, she had already accepted the reality, so she did not grieve about it. Moreover, she did not have difficulty sleeping, as she feared. Instead, she slept well. 
However, as soon as she woke up, there was a new trend on Twitter. Initially, she went to Twitter to check the state of the discussion for yesterday’s matter. But posts about Gareth being a caring man popped up before her, prompting her eyes to glow with disdain.
###chapter246
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 246
Chapter 246 I Have Something to Discuss With You 
Shocking news! Gareth Wickam spent the night with Ms. Benett. 
Although the headline sounded exaggerated and gave people the wrong idea, it was not untrue either. 
Linda was hospitalized again. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. She felt Linda’s hospitalization was not as straightforward as it seemed. 
Of course, she was not thinking about the present one. Her current hospitalization was undoubtedly fake. Instead, she was thinking about the time Linda was in a coma… 
Elisa smirked. It is a good trick, but what if someone exposes her pretense? 
If Elisa had not known about her father’s matters, she might not have cared about Linda’s childish pretense. 
Linda could play whatever tricks she wanted, and Elisa could not be bothered. Furthermore, Elisa would think she had only herself to blame for failing to get Gareth to stay. She would not blame it on Linda. 
However, things were different now. 
Even if what happened to her father and Linda’s seduction of Gareth seemed unrelated, Elisa kept feeling they were connected. 
Linda and her family wanted to force Elisa to relinquish her position. Thus, they would have to first contend with her father and force him to resign, allowing Norman could take over the company. Otherwise, Darren would not be bothered with Linda.
Elisa looked at a few photos. They all showed Gareth staying beside Linda, who was lying on the hospital bed. Sometimes, there would be a gentle smile on his face, and he would look at Linda tenderly. These photos seemed to be mocking Elisa as she looked at them. After all, Elisa had never seen such a smile on his face ever since she married him. 
Elisa logged out of Twitter without checking the comments. She was determined to find the truth as soon as possible. 
Linda and her family had long planned to take over Elisa’s family’s position. Moreover, Gareth bore deep hatred for Elisa’s father, so Elisa wanted to investigate to see if these people did anything to her father. 
If they did, she would not show any mercy. 
Elisa took a deep breath to calm her emotions. Then, she washed up and had breakfast before heading downstairs. 
However… 
Before she could head to her parking spot, she suddenly noticed an eye-catching blue Lamborghini parked in front of her building. 
Elisa was stunned for a moment. She recognized the car plate of this car. 
She paused her step, but the man in the driver’s seat got out languidly. He wore a royal blue suit which matched well with the car’s exterior. 
“Elisa.” Will had an elegant smile. He looked relaxed. 
Elisa looked at him for a while and sighed. “Mr. Darcey.”
“Why do you seem troubled, Elisa?” Will circled past the front of his car and came to the front passenger side. Then, he opened the door for her and said, “I’ll give you a ride.” 
Elisa’s gaze flashed with realization. She was certain that he knew her schedule. 
Then, she pursed her lips. “Mr. Darcey, I have a car. You don’t have to trouble yourself.” 
“I’m more than happy to do this. Would you like to go in?” Will’s smile deepened, and his eyes seemed gentle. 
Elisa frowned slightly and was unwilling. 
Thus, she said, “Mr. Darcey, I’ve said this before. We shouldn’t contact each other from now on, and I hope you can delete your post on Twitter yesterday. I don’t want you to drag me into your rivalry with Wickam Group or put me in a difficult position. Otherwise, you would make me regret knowing you.” 
Will narrowed his eyes. “Do you think my confession yesterday was only to gain an advantage?” 
Elisa arched her eyebrows but did not say anything. 
But that clearly expressed what she meant. It was as if she asked, “What do you think?” 
Will sighed and said, “Get in the car. I have something to discuss with you.”
###chapter247
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 247
Chapter 247 Don’t Mention It Again 
Elisa frowned. It was obvious that she did not want to get into the car. But Will looked at her and said calmly, “Elisa, I haven’t explained a lot of things to you. Can you please get into the car?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. She got into the car, planning to end things with him. 
Will’s lips gradually curved into a smile. He closed the door for her and went to the driver’s seat. 
However, after closing the door, he did not drive straight away but looked at her. When he saw her looking back at him, he smiled and said, “About what happened yesterday, everyone thought I posted it to anger Gareth deliberately. However, I sincerely meant every word I wrote yesterday.” 
Elisa smirked. She clearly did not believe him. “Mr. Darcey, I’m Gareth’s ex-wife and was married before. I’m not a virginal young lady.” 
“I know.” Will sounded sincere. Elisa found no trace of his usually blasé attitude. 
She pursed her lips, waiting for him to continue. 
Will looked at her earnestly. “Since the first time I met you as Iris, I was attracted by the way you carry yourself. Gareth failed to cherish you, and that is the greatest loss of his life. I’m grateful that he let you go. In fact, I don’t mind losing a few projects to him for you.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She leaned against the seat and replied calmly, “Mr. Darcey, is this all you want to tell me?” 
Will sighed softly. “I know you don’t believe me, but you should give me a chance to prove myself, isn’t it?”
Elisa could barely conceal the sarcasm in her eyes. “Mr. Darcey, do you always spend so much effort pursuing a lady?” 
“Would you believe me if I said I never had a girlfriend?” Will focused his gaze on her as if waiting for her response. 
Elisa chuckled. “Mr. Darcey, perhaps you shouldn’t make this kind of joke.” 
Who would believe something like that? 
Will shook his head helplessly. “Previously, I did not care about my reputation because I don’t have a woman I love. Moreover, I didn’t think I would fall in love with anyone. But it was different once I met you, Elisa. Do you have any idea how much I regret my reputation now?” 
Elisa looked at him but remained silent. 
Then, Will said softly, “I regret not cultivating a good reputation in the past. If I did, perhaps you would have believed me. Also, I regret not meeting you before Gareth did. If you were my wife, I would never break your heart like he did.” 
Elisa’s heart trembled slightly, but her smile remained stiff. She soon recovered her composure. “Mr. Darcey, stop joking around. Since all these are impossible, you are better off not thinking about them. Furthermore, I don’t want to have any interactions with you before I fully break off from the Wickam family. I don’t want to cause Gareth and your companies to fight again.” 
“Gareth and I would always fight even if you are not involved. We won’t stop unless… One of us goes bankrupt.” 
Elisa frowned but did not say anything.
Will brought her breakfast as usual. “Have you had breakfast? Would you like to have some?” 
Elisa shook her head. “I’ve eaten breakfast.” 
Will put the breakfast down. At the same time, Elisa continued softly, “Mr. Darcey, you must be busy. Since we can’t reach an agreement on today’s matter, let’s not mention them anymore. I’ll be heading off to work. 
Elisa was about to open the door to get out, but Will suddenly grabbed her wrist.
###chapter248
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 248
Chapter 248 The Biggest Idiots 
Elisa frowned slightly. 
Meanwhile, Will’s heart trembled for a moment. Although she had held his arm when they attended a banquet together, he wore a suit then. It was not a direct skin contact as this moment. 
He had never touched another woman like this. Thus, his heartbeat quickened. 
On the other hand, Elisa seemed annoyed. “Mr. Darcey.” 
She did not have to say anything else. Anyone would know what she meant. 
Will did not let her go but looked away. Somehow, he was a little flustered and could not meet her gaze. “I’ll send you to your law firm.” 
After that, he let go of her wrist, locked the car doors, and began to drive. 
He appeared calm throughout the drive. No one but him knew how stiff and unnatural he was at this moment. 
Elisa did not notice his unusual demeanor. She muttered softly, “I wonder if the news of you coming to meet me will soon be trending on Twitter.” 
Will answered immediately, “No, it won’t.” 
Elisa was a little surprised. She glanced at him but remained silent. 
Will continued in a gentle tone, “It’s normal that you don’t believe me. I understand. But time will reveal my sincerity.”
“There is a saying that the heart is deceitful above all things.” Elisa did not hesitate to retort and was rewarded with a rare frown on Will’s face. She smiled and continued, “Mr. Darcey, we are not close and will never be. If you have any lawsuit in the future, I can represent you as long as I am free and it does not involve something corrupt or immoral. Other than that, I hope you will stop getting involved in my private life. It is bothering me.” 
Will chuckled and said, “In that case, I won’t appear before you as Will Darcey anymore.” 
Elisa frowned. He understood what I said, but why does he insist on going against Wickam Group and using me to infuriate them? 
Is he looking down on Wickam Group or does he have nothing better to do? 
Since Elisa pursed her lips and would not speak, Will stopped pressing the matter. He knew when to exercise restraint. Furthermore, he could bring it up again next time. 
Once they arrived at the law firm, Will looked at Elisa calmly and said, “Elisa, since you didn’t bring your car here, would you like me to pick you up after work? If you don’t like seeing me, I can send my driver here.” 
Elisa answered immediately, “My place is on Charli’s way home. She can send me back.” 
Will sighed. “Alright, see you next time.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. In the end, she did not tell him that they should never meet again. She knew it would be pointless. 
Then, she got out of the car and went to her office straightaway.
Albert and the others noticed Elisa, but no one dared to say anything as soon as they saw her gloomy expression. 
Jennifer blinked and asked curiously, “She seems like she’s in a bad mood. Could it be due to what happened yesterday?” 
“Who would be in a good mood if Old Mr. Wickam criticized them like that?” Albert glanced at her. “Get back to your work. You don’t want to anger the boss and get yourself fired.” 
“Hmph! Boss is not as petty as you!” Jennifer could not resist grumbling. She was still angry with Albert after saying that. 
Albert smirked. “How am I petty? I’m a generous man! Ask anyone, and they will tell you how generous I am!” 
“I think they will say you’re the biggest idiot.” 
As the others joked around, Elisa had already reached her office. Charli was already there. She turned around and saw Elisa’s strange expression.
###chapter249
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 249
Chapter 249 You Thought Too Well of Him 
She looked at Elisa and asked with concern. “Nothing they said is true, so don’t let them get to you. Every famous figure experiences slander from time to time.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed as she recalled about yesterday. She chuckled and said, “I’m not bothered by them.” 
“Then, why do you…” Charli could see there was something off about Elisa’s mood. Thus, she looked at Elisa closely, not wanting to miss any trace of emotions on her face. 
Elisa frowned under her gaze. “Will waited for me below my apartment again. I can’t behave too rudely and offend him. However, he thinks I am useful to him in his fight against the Wickam Group and keeps pestering me.” 
Charli did not hold back her laughter. “Oh, that’s what happened.” 
Elisa glared at her, but Charli smiled. “Babe, tell me. Have you ever considered this matter?” 
Elisa felt suspicious as she looked at Charli, hinting at something mysteriously. “What is it?” 
“Taking revenge against Gareth!” 
Elisa blurted, “What?” 
She looked confused. On the other hand, Charli chuckled and said, “Actually, you can give it a try and accept Will.” 
Charli saw Elisa’s sudden frown and continued, “I’m not asking you to accept his love or to love him. After all, he courts you for a reason. That being said, you can choose to play along with him for the
sake of taking revenge against Gareth.” 
Elisa did not know what to say. 
She thought Charli would come up with a good plan for her. However, Charli’s suggestion rendered her speechless. She pursed her lips and replied, “Charli, please don’t say something like this again.” 
Charli looked at her with an astonished expression. “Are you not planning to give it a try? You can discuss privately with Will to pretend as a couple in public. Perhaps it will help you to overturn your current situation. The Wickam family said terrible things about you, but if Will openly courts you, it would amount to a slap on Old Mr. Wickam’s face.” 
“What kind of person is Will? Everyone knows what a brilliant man he is. Since such an outstanding man courts you, it shows you are not as bad as the Wickam family claimed. This will turn their words on them, and you don’t even have to do anything. Isn’t this a good plan?” 
Elisa shook her head helplessly. “Charli, stop giving such lousy ideas.” 
“How is this a lousy idea? Girl, you should consider it carefully.” 
Elisa shook her head again. She did not wish to continue discussing this matter, so she said calmly, “I have something else to tell you… I might not be here in the future.” 
Charli was bewildered. “Why?” 
Elisa looked at Charli for a moment before answering, “I’m returning to Benett Corporation.” 
Charli widened her eyes in shock and looked at Elisa worriedly. “Have you considered this carefully? Benett Corporation is now under your uncle’s control. Thus, everyone there obeys your uncle without question. If you go there…”
“My uncle cares about appearances, so he will appear nice to me. Thus, the people at the company won’t do much to me. I will probably have a decent time there.” 
“I think you better not go. Judging from your uncle’s behavior, I wouldn’t put it past him to get other employees to give you trouble on the pretext of training you! You think too well of him.” 
However, Elisa remained unconcerned. “At the most, they would only trouble me at work. In actuality, they have misgivings about my uncle.”
###chapter250
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 250
Chapter 250 Delete All the Trendings Now 
Elisa and Charli suddenly became quiet. 
After a while, Charli sighed helplessly. “Fine, I will support you in whatever you wish to do. But have you considered it properly? Once you get into Benett Corporation, you will be under their full surveillance. It will be difficult for you to do anything.” 
“I know, but how can I expect to achieve anything if I don’t enter the lion’s den?” Elisa had a determined expression. Her gaze showed no sign of wavering. 
Charli sighed and patted Elisa’s shoulder. “I will support your decision, but you must take good care of yourself.” 
Elisa felt warmed by her support. “I will, Charli. I’m sorry for giving you so much trouble all these years. We set up this firm together, but I left you to manage it alone.” 
“Don’t say that. You brought profit to our firm. It’s all thanks to you that our law firm became famous. Customers come here because of you. I’m only someone who deals with miscellaneous matters. Maintaining this firm is the least that I can do for you.” 
Elisa shook her head in disagreement. She knew Charli was more than capable of handling everything. However, Charli never took part in a case and always acted as Elisa’s assistant. 
It was as if all she wanted was to be Elisa’s assistant. 
Charli looked at Elisa. “When are you planning to leave?” 
“Let’s wait a little more. I still have something to deal with first. I will head over once I am ready. Furthermore, Linda is still in the hospital. I need to wait for her to be discharged first. Otherwise, it
would seem like I’m taking advantage of her hospitalization.” 
“Why would it matter? You and Linda have different jobs.” Charli did not think it mattered. 
On the other hand, Elisa smiled and said, “I’ll head there once I’m ready.” 
“Sure, you arrange what is best for you, but you must be careful! Your uncle and his family will stoop at nothing! It’s good that you know their true colors.” 
Elisa nodded solemnly. “Don’t worry.” 
… 
Meanwhile, at Wickam Group. 
Gareth did not sleep for the whole night and had to continue working. Still, one could not find any tiredness in his expression. There was only coldness. 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door. 
“Come in.” Gareth sounded sterner than usual. 
Thomas walked in quickly. There was no meeting today, so Gareth worked in his office as usual. 
Thomas seemed conflicted as he said, “Mr. Wickam, the news about you visiting Ms. Benett in the hospital has been circulating around. Should I delete it?” 
In actuality, Thomas tried to call Gareth the moment the news broke out. However, Gareth had turned off his phone. Thus, Thomas had no choice but to find Gareth in his office. 
Gareth’s expression darkened immediately. As he was about to instruct Thomas to delete it, he suddenly remembered what Elisa said yesterday.
Thus, he responded, “No need.” 
Thomas was surprised, but he did not dare to question Gareth’s decision. He glanced at Gareth cautiously before saying, “Last night… There were a few other trends on Twitter.” 
Gareth looked up at Thomas. Thomas sighed softly and decided not to explain. Instead, he took out his phone and showed Gareth all that was trending on Twitter. 
Gareth Wickam spent the night with Ms. Benett. 
Will Darcey and Elisa Benett. 
Mr. Darcey’s confession. 
Old Mr. Wickam’s declaration. 
Gareth’s expression darkened further as he saw these trends. He clicked on each of them and read through them. The more he read, the worst his expression became. 
Once he finished reading the final one, which was Old Mr. Wickam’s declaration, his expression turned murderous. 
“Remove all the trends now! Delete everything grandpa posted!”
###chapter251
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 251
Chapter 251 Better Than Gareth 
Thomas was astounded. “Mr. Wickam…” 
A moment ago, Gareth did not wish to delete the posts because he wished to see what Elisa sad. 
However, once he finished reading his grandfather’s Twitter post, he could not help but panic. 
Thus, he instinctively instructed Thomas to delete them. 
Then, he pursed his lips and did not know what else to say. Thomas noticed Gareth’s conflicted expression and said, “There’s another matter. Mr. Darcey sent Ms. Benett to the law firm this morning. However, no one mentioned it on Twitter.” 
Gareth shot an intimidating glare at Thomas. 
Thomas gasped softly and adjusted the glasses on the bridge of his nose as if trying to calm down. 
A moment later, Gareth rubbed his finger between his brows and calmed down instantly. “There’s no need to do anything.” 
Thomas did not know what to reply. 
Although Gareth could be unpredictable, Thomas had never heard him change his instructions three times in a row for the same matter. 
Since Gareth was determined about this and had returned Thomas his phone, Thomas answered in the affirmative and left the office. 
Soon, Thomas was alone in his office again, but he lost the mood to work. Thus, he grabbed his phone and logged into his Twitter account.
He went to the trending list again and looked at Will’s Twitter post. 
Although Will’s confession was short, it showed his sincerity. 
Gareth’s expression darkened further. He had been rivals with Will for many years, so he knew his enemy’s personality better than anyone. 
Despite Will’s bad reputation, he had never gotten involved with a woman and had never fallen in love with one. Even though he created a reputation as a ladies’ man, he had never brought a woman with him to any formal gatherings. 
When Gareth found out Will brought a female companion with him for the first time, he was shocked that the woman was Elisa. He knew Will did it to trigger him. 
But now, Gareth had a suspicion and felt there was something unusual about how Will treated Elisa. 
Gareth breathed in and quickly suppressed the thought. He believed it was impossible. 
But now… 
Whenever he looked at them, he could sense Will was serious about her. 
He is serious about her since the beginning! 
Gareth gripped his phone tightly. The veins on the back of his hand throbbed. 
He clicked the trending topic about him spending the night with Linda. 
Then, he clicked on the comments.
—Disappointed With Love: I stopped believing in love after Gareth and Elisa divorced. It turns out everything is for selfish benefit. All of you should stop trusting these influential figures. This is their schemes! Before proceeding with something, they would gather supporters who would back everything they said! Elisa is a pitiful case. I hope she will be with Mr. Darcey. Even if there isn’t any true affection between them, it is still much better than her remaining with the Wickam Group, isn’t it? 
—Elisa Benett Is My Goddess: The above comment said it so well! I think so too. Elisa sacrificed so much for the Wickam family and even gave up her career. Yet, the Wickam family said terrible things about her! Do they even have a conscience? Since the Wickam family and the Darcey family are rivals, Elisa might have a happier life with Will Darcey. Furthermore, Will would probably treat Elisa well for the sake of going against Gareth. That makes him better than a scumbag like Gareth!
###chapter252
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 252
Chapter 252 A Bad Feeling 
—Crazy Bee: Every family has its difficulties. Mr. Wickam did not say anything this time, and only Old Mr. Wickam posted something. It remains to be proven what Mr. Wickam feels about this.’ 
—Iris Stan: What is there to prove? This matter is clear at a glance. Everyone in the Wickam family is of the same stance, so they would definitely find a way to protect their interest. Moreover, Elisa is only an outsider, so why would they care about her? In my opinion, it is best for Elisa to be with Mr. Darcey. I wish them happiness! 
—Mobs: You’re all talking nonsense! Mr. Wickam is an outstanding man. Don’t you know how much he doted on Elisa all these years? However, she cheated on him. Even when the Benett family went bankrupt, Gareth did not stop treating her well. It was Elisa who was ungrateful. How can you all blame Mr. Wickam? Did you all not read what Old Mr. Wickam had posted previously? Elisa schemed everything! The Wickam family was prominent in business then. If Mr. Wickam really wanted to marry Elisa, he only had to inform the Benett family about it. There was no need for him to cause such an uproar and be caught in bed with her to get married. From what I see, what Old Mr. Wickam wrote is not untrue! 
—Raise Your Hands: I think so too! Elisa is an unscrupulous person. Mr. Wickam should forget her and focus on taking care of Ms. Linda. Ms. Linda is a good match for him. She is kind and has a good background. Furthermore, she saved Mr. Wickam’s life. Thus, it is only right that Mr. Wickam devotes himself to her. Hahaha… 
Gareth could not continue reading at this point. It did not matter whether the commenters mocked, praised, or believed he was right to take care of Linda. They all felt like mockery to him. 
Elisa! Just wait!
Gareth clenched his fists tightly. His expression turned even more intimidating. 
… 
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Linda was sitting on the bed. She looked completely fine. 
Seeing the smile on her mother’s face, Linda could not resist smiling too. She tugged Rose’s arm and said affectionately. “Mom, you’re the best. If it weren’t for you, I wouldn’t have known what to do yesterday.” 
“You were too caught up with the situation.” Rose caressed Linda’s cheek lovingly. “Now, the Wickam family is more determined than before. Sweetie, you only have to wait for Gareth to marry you.” 
Linda frowned slightly. Worries became apparent in her eyes. She also seemed conflicted. 
Rose looked at her with confusion. “What is the matter?” 
Linda sounded frustrated as she replied, “Even though he stayed by my side yesterday, he no longer doted on me like he used to. When I was pretending to be comatose, he used to tell me a lot of things every day. I was touched by how gently he spoke to me. But yesterday… He told me to give him two months’ time. Yet, he didn’t say what he will do after two months.” 
“Of course, it is to marry you. Have you turned dumb?” Rose looked at her daughter frustratedly. 
Linda shook her head in panic. “Who knows, after two months, he might say he doesn’t want to marry me! Mom, I have a bad feeling that he doesn’t want to marry me! In fact, he never loved me!” 
Women’s sixth sense was usually accurate, especially when it concerned a bad premonition. 
“He never loved you!”
###chapter253
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 253
Chapter 253 Create the Right Impression 
Linda’s face turned pale. She could not help but tremble after hearing her mother’s shocking words. 
“Mom…” 
Rose sighed helplessly. “Linda, you should know this by now. It was because he has no interest in you that we concoct plans for you to save his life and find ways to ruin his impression of Elisa.” 
Linda clutched her blanket tightly and did not say anything. 
Rose saw this and knew Linda must be heartbroken. Thus, she continued softly, “Linda, once you are my age, you might understand love is not as important as you think. Position, power, and wealth are the ones that truly matter. A person can still live well without love. But if you don’t have money or power, you will starve to death.” 
“There is no inseparable love in this world. That’s why I came up with plans to get Gareth to marry you so that you have a better life. Later, you can take control of the Wickam family. Once you give birth to a son, your position in the Wickam family will be fully secured. Then, you will be in a good position even when you are old.” 
Linda’s face turned even paler. She did not know what to say. 
Tears began to roll down her cheeks. 
“Mom, I really want to make him love me. I’ve already experienced Gareth’s gentleness, so I don’t want him to suddenly turn cold with me. Now, he behaved as if he would leave me at any time. Even though he stayed with me the whole night, he hardly said anything. I sensed his remorse, but there was nothing else…”
“A man’s pity is more than enough. Linda, you mustn’t be obsessed with love and lose your rationality! Even if he doesn’t love you, you can still slowly cultivate his love after you marry him. The most important thing now is to stay focused and get him to marry you! Do you understand?” 
Rose placed emphasis on the final three words and finally made Linda see her point. Linda breathed in softly and nodded. “I understand.” 
“You have seen the Wickam family’s attitude toward you. This is already enough. Since Gareth asked you to give him two months, you should wait. Furthermore, you are not to pester him in these two months. We can’t behave like how we did in the past. Thankfully, Monica was willing to admit that it was her idea this time. Otherwise, Gareth would have an even lesser opinion of you.” 
Linda’s eyes flashed with a hint of anger. Last night, she stood before him in a revealing strapped dress, but he showed no desire for her. Instead, his expression turned cold, and he even tried to make her leave. If her mother did not come up with this plan, Gareth would have felt disgusted with her yesterday. 
“How long should I stay in the hospital this time?” 
Rose smiled. “A week is enough.” 
“A week?” Linda was surprised. “I was in a risky condition yesterday which dragged on for a few hours. Isn’t a week too soon?” 
“Our hospital has advanced medical treatment. Since you were able to wake up from a coma and recover well last time, why would the Wickam family suspect anything?” 
Linda frowned and still felt it was too soon. However, Rose smiled. “Silly, even after you are discharged a week later, it doesn’t mean you have recovered fully. You still need to remain in a wheelchair and let
your assistant assist you. Furthermore, you must behave as if you are a responsible person and not abandon work. You must create the right impression no matter the situation.”
###chapter254
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 254
Chapter 254 It Doesn’t Concern You 
Linda’s eyes brightened, and she immediately gave Rose a thumbs up. “Mom, thank goodness you’re my mother! You’re a genius!” 
Linda chuckled and said, “Alright, you stay in the hospital and act your part. Do you know what you need to do to keep Gareth by your side?” 
Linda took a deep breath and nodded earnestly. “Mom, don’t worry. I won’t be careless like before. I will make the most of this chance and marry him in two months!” 
“Good. I have some other matters, so I can’t keep you company. You should call your assistant here.” 
“Sure.” 
Rose left right after that. Linda’s assistant, who was waiting outside, came in and said respectfully, “Ms. Benett, do you require any assistance?” 
Linda smiled. “It’s alright. You can take a break. I will call you if I need anything.” 
“Sure.” 
… 
In the following three days, Gareth would pay Linda a visit every evening after work. His visits put Linda in a good mood. 
She controlled herself this time and did not try to keep getting close to Gareth. She also did not ask him to leave. Instead, they interacted naturally like friends. This enabled Gareth to relax a little and feel less impatient than before.
At this moment, Gareth sat by the head of her bed and looked at her. “How are you feeling today?” 
Linda smiled. “I’m quite well now. I think I should be able to leave the hospital in two or three days. This time, I only injured my leg. Everything else is alright.” 
Gareth frowned slightly. “Nonsense.” 
Linda chuckled as she looked at the disapproval on Gareth’s face. She immediately pulled her blanket away and showed him her bandaged leg. Gareth’s expression changed as guilt rose from his heart. 
Linda’s eyes flashed with delight, but she kept a natural expression. “Why don’t I try walking around and show you how I have recovered?” 
“Don’t move.” 
Gareth immediately grabbed her arm to stop her. 
Linda trembled for a moment. It seemed they had not had such close physical contact for a long time. 
She quickly recovered her composure and said coyly, “My mom also told me to stop playing around, but I know my body well. Furthermore, we have such advanced medical treatment. Why would I not be alright?” 
Linda tried to get down from the bed as she spoke, but Gareth refused to let her go. He said solemnly. “You should stay and rest.” 
Linda shook her head casually. “I need to be responsible for myself. Moreover, I’m telling the truth. Work is piling up in the company. I fear my department would go down without me around.” 
“Someone’s managing it for you. Don’t worry.” Gareth’s tone was even, but when he saw Linda’s pale face, he looked away. It was as if he did not wish to see how weak she was because each sight of her
increased his sense of guilt. 
“I know, but they are my work, so I feel responsible for them. Garry, I know you feel guilty about what happened to me, but it’s not your fault. It was mine.” 
Linda’s voice and expression were sincere as if she was apologizing. Gareth looked away. “It has nothing to do with you.” 
Linda’s eyes glimmered with tears. She looked at Gareth and could not resist saying, “Garry… About what happened during grandma’s banquet, I…” 
She looked down and seemed as if she did not know how to continue explaining. In actuality, she was done speaking. 
Gareth’s gaze flickered. He did not want her to feel sad, so he said, “I understand.” 
He was certain that Elisa tricked Linda into doing what she did that day. 
However, seeing that she did it for the sake of his grandmother, he stopped pursuing the matter. 
Linda was astonished as she looked at Gareth. “Garry, you knew…” 
Gareth nodded calmly. “I’m sorry for not believing you then.” 
He rarely spoke such tender words to her. Tears filled Linda’s eyes as she said, “Garry, it’s enough that you believe me.” 
Gareth sighed and said, “Linda, don’t cry.” 
Linda looked up suddenly and gradually forced down her tears. “I don’t want to explain because I fear it would put Elisa in a bad light. But I don’t want you to think badly of me. Garry, it’s enough that you
understand me. I don’t care what other people think. However, you must not be angry with Elisa. She wasn’t thinking clearly then.” 
Gareth pursed his lips and did not say anything. 
However, unbeknownst to Linda, Gareth never planned to blame Elisa, even if he knew the truth. 
Linda was finally relieved. 
As she thought the mood between them had warmed, an uninvited guest suddenly appeared, prompting her expression to darken.
###chapter255
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 255
Chapter 255 We Have Plenty of Time 
“Did I come at the wrong time?” 
Gareth did not close the door when he came here, so when Elisa arrived, she immediately saw Gareth and Linda intimately close. 
Linda’s expression froze, but she soon put on a smile and said, “Elisa, you’re here. Please come in!” 
She looked at Elisa defensively and wondered how much of their conversation did she hear. Linda was unable to argue for herself during the banquet. If Elisa contradicted Linda again, Linda’s image would be completely ruined. 
Gareth turned to Elisa with a stern gaze. His gaze seemed to contain conflicting emotions. 
Elisa pursed her lips. Naturally, she heard Linda and Gareth’s conversation about the banquet. However, she did not care what Gareth thought about it and had no plan to bring up the matter. 
She glanced at Gareth and smiled. “Mr. Wickam, I heard you are working overtime tonight. That’s why I came to see Linda. I didn’t expect you to forgo overtime for Linda’s sake and come here. Sorry for disturbing your time together.” 
Elisa placed a fruit basket on the table as she spoke. 
Linda was relieved that Elisa was not going to talk about the matter from the banquet. She glanced at Gareth and found him staring sternly at Elisa. 
That cheered her up. She thought Gareth was annoyed with Elisa.
Thus, she tugged Gareth’s arm and said worriedly, “Garry, I only have a minor injury, so you don’t have to come here often and delay work. It would make me feel bad.” 
Elisa watched how close Gareth and Linda were and smirked. 
Initially, Gareth wanted to pull his arm away, but Elisa was here, so he decided not to. Instead, he said in a gentle tone, “Work is not as important as you.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
How romantic those words are. 
Linda was surprised. Gareth had not spoken to her like this for some time. She did not expect him to speak so tenderly. 
Thus, she was touched by his words and shook her head. “Garry…” 
Her eyes began to well up with tears. If Gareth continued to speak, she might burst into tears. 
Elisa gave a slight smirk. “Linda, even a little thing like this moves you to the verge of tears. Gareth has done so much for you. It seems you will be crying all your life.” 
Her words were full of mockery but she made it sound casual. Linda turned to Elisa and said awkwardly, “I’m… I’m sorry.” 
She quickly let go of Gareth’s arm and did not dare to grab onto him as before. 
Just now, she was able to cling to Gareth by pretending to be caught in the heat of the moment. But Elisa’s words forced her to feign realization. Otherwise, it would seem like Linda deliberately held onto Gareth’s arm. She did not want him to suspect her.
Damn you, Elisa! 
Why do you keep ruining things for me? 
Unfortunately, Linda did not know that even if Elisa was not around, Gareth would never let her touch him. 
Meanwhile, Gareth looked at Elisa coldly but did not say anything. 
Elisa said casually, “I should have come to see you earlier, but I heard Gareth is always by your side, so it didn’t seem right for me to visit. However, I still ended up interrupting both of you by accident today. Linda, since someone is always here to take care of you, I won’t come here to bother you anymore. I’ll see you again after you’re discharged from the hospital.” 
Linda’s eyes gleamed, and she nodded eagerly. Then, she smiled and said, “Elisa, you are busy with work every day, so there’s no need to come here to see me. We have a lot of time to meet in the future.” 
Her words carried a deeper meaning and implied Elisa was unwilling to visit her. 
However, Elisa pursed her lips and did not seem to care about Gareth’s murderous gaze. She looked straight at him.
###chapter256
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 256
Chapter 256 Her Father Was Her Sore Point! 
“Mr. Wickam, since we happened to meet, I do have something to say. You know very well what Old Mr. Wickam did and what happened between us. I won’t hold these matters against you because I don’t care. However, if anyone goes overboard, I won’t hesitate to retaliate.” 
Her tone was cold and emotionless. There was not a hint of gentleness from before. 
Linda looked at Gareth nervously and saw the strong contempt in his gaze. He sneered and said, “Grandpa didn’t lie. You know very well the unscrupulous things you and your father did.” 
Elisa’s expression darkened immediately. “I don’t care if you mock me, but you have no right to say anything against my father!” 
She was bursting with a murderous aura as she spoke. 
Linda and Gareth were stunned. On the other hand, Elisa’s gaze was cold as ice. “Gareth, if you don’t wish to see Wickam Group in trouble or me being lovey-dovey with Will, you should tell grandpa to rein things in. I’m not going to retaliate this time out of consideration for your grandmother and father. However, if any of you do this again, I won’t hesitate to drag down Wickam Group!” 
“Elisa, don’t you dare!” 
Don’t you dare. 
In actuality, Gareth said those three words not to warn Elisa from acting against Wickam Group. Instead, it was about Elisa being lovey-dovey with Will. 
However, Linda knew nothing about this and was ridiculing Elisa in her mind. Even though Elisa is a famous lawyer, she is nothing compared to the colossal Wickam Group. Who is she to threaten it?
With this in mind, Linda pretended to worry for Elisa and said, “Elisa, how can you say that? Although you and Gareth have divorced, it doesn’t mean you have to be enemies. Elisa, there must be a misunderstanding. Let’s talk it out, okay?” 
Elisa sneered. “Linda, I’m not you. I don’t have your ability to keep Mr. Wickam by your side. Thus, I’m not qualified to clear any misunderstandings with Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth’s expression darkened. He sneered as if to say, “At least you have some self-awareness.” 
“Therefore…” Elisa suddenly raised her tone. “I won’t attempt to negotiate. Mr. Wickam, if you do something similar again, I will not hesitate to bring you down. Moreover, I’m not as weak as you think, and you are not as mighty as you assume.” 
Linda was rendered speechless. 
Is something wrong with Elisa? Has she gone crazy? 
The vein on Gareth’s forehead was throbbing hard. As he was about to argue back, Elisa suddenly turned to Linda. “Linda, I won’t disturb your time with my future cousin-in-law. I’m leaving first.” 
The word ‘future cousin-in-law’ sent Linda’s heart soaring with joy. However, she did not dare to let it show on her face. Instead, she put on a concerned expression and said, “Elisa…” 
On the other hand, Gareth’s expression darkened further upon hearing those words. 
We were husband and wife. How could she call me future cousin-in-law so casually? 
He was so annoyed that he wanted to strangle her. 
However, Elisa smiled calmly and bid Linda farewell before walking away.
She did not even spare Gareth a glance as she left. 
It was as if she had completely broken off everything with him, and he meant nothing to her. 
Meanwhile, Linda was growing in excitement. Previously, she thought Elisa was playing hard to get. But after what happened yesterday, she believed Elisa had given up. After all, her father was her sore point.
###chapter257
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 257
Chapter 257 You Must See Her Now! 
Seeing Elisa suddenly walking away, Linda called out urgently, “Elisa! Elisa!” 
She rushed to get down from the bed, but Gareth stopped her. “Don’t bother about her!” 
Linda’s face turned pale. She shook her head and said, “Garry, Elisa probably suffered a severe blow from yesterday, and I don’t think she has recovered yet. I… I tried to comfort her, but she still couldn’t accept what had happened. I fear she will harm herself!” 
Gareth narrowed his eyes. 
Elisa no longer has anyone to depend on. She doesn’t have any relatives whom she cares about. If she chooses to end her life… 
Suddenly, he laughed. “Elisa is naturally devious. She is willing to do anything to achieve her goal. Why would she end her life?” 
Linda’s eyes flashed with mockery, but she put up a worried expression and shook her head. “Garry… She is like a younger sister to me and my only cousin. Can you stop hurting her…” 
Gareth looked at Linda’s kind and worried expression and said solemnly, “You should lie down first.” 
However, Linda refused to do as he said, prompting him to warn her. “If you won’t lie down, I can’t guarantee I won’ hurt her.” 
Linda quickly lay down on the bed. “I’ll lie down! Garry, you mustn’t hurt her.” 
Gareth did not respond. But after tucking her in bed, he said flatly, “I have to go back to the company to deal with work. I’ll come to see you again tomorrow.”
Linda looked reluctant to let him leave. However, she recalled what Elisa had said just now and nodded. “Alright, I understand you’re busy. Garry, you don’t have to come here if you are busy. I will recover soon.” 
Gareth nodded and walked away without another word. 
After leaving Linda’s room, he quickened his steps and reached the elevator waiting area. He saw one of the elevators had traveled down halfway, so he rushed into another elevator. 
His expression was gloomy, and his intimidating aura filled the elevator. At the same time, his gaze was cold and murderous. 
As soon as he got out of the elevator, he glanced around but could not find Elisa anywhere. 
Thus, he frowned and rushed into the parking lot. 
Gareth moved fast, while Elisa was slower in her high heels. Thus, Gareth soon found Elisa. 
Seeing that she had unlocked her car door, he dashed forward and grabbed her wrist. 
Elisa struggled immediately and glanced behind her. She frowned as soon as she saw Gareth. “What are you doing?” 
Gareth ignored her struggle. He dragged her to his car and pushed her into the front passenger seat. Elisa was not as strong as Gareth. Furthermore, Gareth easily dodged all her attacks as if he could read her movements. Elisa was furious. “Gareth, what do you want?” 
Gareth shut the door and answered in a deep voice, “Grandma wants to see you!” 
Elisa was stunned for a moment. Her eyes flashed with disbelief. Grandma has decided to let me be. Why would she suddenly ask to see me? Furthermore, she wouldn’t ask Gareth to look for me this way.
“I’m busy. I’ll give her a call later.” 
Elisa tried to get out, but Gareth replied sternly, “Grandma has been suffering from heart discomfort the whole day. If you have any conscience, you will see her now!”
###chapter258
Elisa's expression changed drastically. "Why would grandma suddenly have heart discomfort?" She immediately stopped struggling. Her eyes were filled with concern.
Gareth glanced at her coldly. He did not say anything but went to the driver's seat straight away.
Elisa clenched her teeth and suddenly felt helpless. What would happen to grandma if I take revenge against Gareth? Grandma has always been good to me. It is unfortunate that Gareth is her grandson. Why does it have to be like this?
Gareth locked the car but did not begin driving. Elisa sensed something was wrong and looked at Gareth coldly. "Did grandma really ask for me?"
Gareth sneered and looked at her with disdain. "Elisa, what makes you think you can attempt anything against me?"
Elisa tried to calm herself down and not talk to him. She closed her eyes and leaned into her seat.
However, she suddenly found herself being pulled into Gareth's embrace. Soon, she was pressed against his body. His scent filled her nostrils.
On the other hand, Gareth found her fragrance pleasant. It cleared his tiredness after a long day.
Panic flashed in Elisa's eyes. She immediately began to struggle. "Gareth, what are you doing!"
"Weren't you happily calling me cousin-in-law just now?" Gareth looked at her threateningly as if he wanted to confront her.
Elisa was stunned. Since she could not free herself, she had no choice but to give up struggling. Then, she sneered and said, "Was I wrong? You and Linda will get married eventually. Since she is my cousin, I don't see any problem. Furthermore, I was careful to add the word 'future' before it."
Somehow, Elisa managed to infuriate Gareth whenever she spoke.
Gareth placed his hand behind her head and pulled her close to kiss her slightly parted lips. He could not remember when it was when he began to find her lips alluring.
Elisa widened her eyes in shock. She struggled hard and kept hitting Gareth with her hands. However, since she was trapped by Gareth in the narrow confines of the car, she had no way to escape or break free from his hold.
Their hearts were beating fast.
Elisa was furious. She shouted in between breaths, "Gareth! You're insane!"
However, Gareth continued as she spoke, causing Elisa to widen her eyes indignantly.
She struggled desperately. Meanwhile, Gareth had gone mad. He did not give her any space to struggle and continued to close in on every inch of gap between them.
Sounds of struggle filled the car. Elisa blushed and could not stop her body from trembling.
She had no memories of the night before their marriage. However, they had never been intimate in their three years of marriage. Now that they had divorced, he pulled her into his embrace again and again. This time, he even kissed her like a crazed man.
Has Gareth gone insane? What is he doing?
The kiss continued, and every moment of it reminded her that it was not a dream. Everything was real.
Elisa's breathing quickened. She continued to hit him madly even as he forced his kisses on her. Soon, her body went limp from exhaustion, and she was gasping for breath. She had clearly run out of energy to struggle.

###chapter259
Her eyes burned with rage, and her face flushed with embarrassment. She was so furious that her body trembled. In the next moment, she bit down on him without warning.
"Argh!" Gareth shouted. He immediately released her and pushed her to the side, causing her body to slam against the car door.
"Are you a rabid dog?" Gareth said through gritted teeth. His expression was threateningly cold.
Elisa could still feel his presence and taste his blood in her mouth. Her face was deathly pale as she looked at him. It felt like she had been attacked. She could not accept this.
Gareth's heart trembled violently. He could not understand why he suddenly kissed her at that moment. He believed he would never forget her presence. Before this, he had no idea kissing could be so wonderful.
Then, he sneered and said, "Elisa, do you find this exciting? You called me cousin-in-law, but here you are in my embrace and kissing me."
Elisa trembled uncontrollably. When she saw him, she could still pretend to be unaffected. But now that he had done this to her and said such cruel words, it was more than she could bear.
Suddenly, she raised her hand high.
Smack!
The force of her slap pushed his face sideways. His expression darkened threateningly, but she would not stop and slapped him three times within a few seconds.
Elisa hit him without mercy and glared at him with eyes full of fury. "Gareth! You're a scoundrel! A scumbag!"
Gareth laughed. "A scumbag?" His face burned with pain, adding fuel to his burning anger. But seeing such a lively and agitated Elisa suddenly allowed him to restrain himself. He looked at her coldly. His pupils darkened as he saw her red and swollen lips.
Elisa was still unable to stop trembling. She laughed in her anger. "In the past three years, I constantly regretted marrying you. Yet, I have no regrets. I married you because I loved you. I married willingly for the sake of love. Thus, those three years were the price I paid for love."
"Now that I've woken from my delusion, I willingly stepped away and divorced you as you wished. But look at what you are doing now! You want to marry Linda. Yet, you do this to me. Do you want everyone to see how we are now? Is it your wish that people call me a shameless woman online?"
It was a humiliating word. But Elisa said it so easily that Gareth's expression turned sullen.
Elisa closed her eyes and took another deep breath. "Gareth, I don't wish to fight you or be involved in your life in any way. Let me out of the car! I'm going to meet grandma by myself."
At this moment, Gareth did not say anything but suddenly started the engine. Then, he drove the car and made it shoot forward suddenly. The sudden movement caused Elisa to jerk forward. She quickly grabbed the handrail.
Gareth drove at a breakneck speed as if he had no regard for his life. Elisa had experienced Gareth's driving before, so she knew he was a skilled driver and was not afraid. Still, she put on the safety belt.
Neither of them spoke in the car. They each tasted blood in their mouth. Elisa breathed in deeply and tried to control her emotions. Gareth kissed her too hard just now, so her lips burned with pain.
She gripped the safety belt tightly and clenched her teeth. Why do I know a crazy man like him? He's insane!
Neither of them spoke as they traveled. A gloomy mood permeated the car interior.

###chapter260
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 260
Chapter 260 Her Lips Were Soft Like Blossoms 
Meanwhile, in the hospital, Linda lay on the bed with a joyful smile. 
Yara Bell, Linda’s assistant, walked in and seemed on the verge of panic. “Ms. Benett.” 
Linda glanced at Yara and noticed her strange expression. She immediately had a bad feeling. “What’s wrong?” 
Yara breathed in. Even though she did not want to tell Linda, she did not have a choice. “I… I followed him as you instructed. Initially, Elisa was going to get into her car, but Gareth dragged her and forced her into his car. Ms. Elisa was unable to break free…” 
At this point, Yara suddenly became afraid to continue. She snuck a glance at Linda and found her with a sullen expression. 
Yara trembled fearfully. Everyone thought Linda was a gentle lady. Only Yara knew Linda was a woman prone to angry outbursts. She was also devious and easily jealous. 
“Speak!” Linda suddenly turned to Yara. “Continue what you were saying!” 
Yara’s body shuddered, and she was afraid. She did not want to speak or report the matter to Linda. However, she feared Linda assigned another person to follow Gareth. If that person reported the incident to Linda, but Yara did not, Linda would suspect something was wrong with Yara. 
Thus, Yara took a deep breath and said, “I saw them talking in the car for a while. Then, suddenly…” 
Yara shuddered. She knew how crazy Linda was. After all, Yara served Linda when she pretended to be in a coma.
“Suddenly what? Can you stop pausing all the time?” Linda’s eyes were already burning with fury. She was so furious that she wanted to slap the assistant. 
“They suddenly kissed!” 
Bang! 
Linda toppled the bedside table in a fit of anger. The sudden loud noise frightened Yara. 
Then, Linda looked at Yara with bloodshot eyes. “It was Elisa who seduced Gareth, wasn’t it?” 
Yara did not dare to lie. She shook her head and answered, “It was Mr. Wickam… He pulled Ms. Elisa into his arms and kissed her forcefully. Furthermore, Ms. Elisa kept struggling to break free. Later, both of them calmed down, and Mr. Wickam drove away with her in the car.” 
Linda stood up suddenly. Her body trembled severely. 
How could this happen? How is it possible? 
“Could you have been mistaken?” Linda stared at Yara as if she had the answers she wanted. 
Yara shook her head in panic. “No… I couldn’t have…” 
Linda screamed. 
How is this possible? Didn’t Gareth hate Elisa? He even kept mocking her just now. But why did he kiss that devious woman? 
Linda had just calmed down recently and thought of using friendship to break down his reservations. However, she suddenly heard this news, causing her to panic again.
Linda pulled out her phone. Her finger trembled as she pressed a button to make a call. 
… 
Gareth and Linda were still in the car at this moment. Neither of them said anything. They could not stop thinking about the kiss from before. 
Elisa still regretted what happened. She felt she should have bitten him earlier. However, she was panicking then, and her heart was beating wildly. Thus, she forgot what she could do. 
On the other hand, Gareth felt pain on the tip of his tongue. He could not forget how it felt at that moment. Her lips were soft like blossoms.
###chapter261
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 261
Chapter 261 Was She Worthy? 
As the two of them were in silence, the car stopped at Wickam Manor. 
Gareth ignored Elisa and got out of the car. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows. She opened the door of the passenger’s seat. She didn’t know that her lips were red and puffy at the time. 
As for Gareth… 
There were marks on one side of his face. Although it wasn’t very obvious, it could still be seen. 
The two of them walked into Wickam Manor, one in front of the other. 
Seeing the two of them looking like that, the butler could somehow feel that… 
Mr. Wickam had kissed Ms. Benett forcefully and… he was hit. 
But… 
Thinking about it, he thought that something was wrong. Mr. Wickam didn’t have any feelings toward Ms. Benett for the past three years. How would he have feelings toward her after they got a divorce? 
Was he wrong? 
Was it just a coincidence? 
Gareth asked calmly, “Where’s Grandma?” 
“Old Madam Wickam has gone up to rest after finishing her meal,” The butler replied, respectful as usual.
Elisa pursed her lips. She didn’t say anything. 
Gareth’s cold gaze swept past her. “Wait here.” 
He went up the stairs after that. 
Elisa’s brows wrinkled tightly, and she kept quiet. The butler smiled as he looked at her. “Ms. Benett, have a seat. I’ll get you a cup of tea.” 
Elisa said at once, “It’s fine, Mr. Jones. I’ll be leaving shortly. I’m not thirsty either.” 
The butler nodded. Seeing that Elisa wasn’t looking too well, he let out a silent sigh. Ms. Elisa was a good girl. It was a shame that Mr. Wickam didn’t like her. 
What a shame. 
Sigh… 
At that time, Gareth was upstairs and knocked on Old Madam Wickam’s door. 
“Grandma, I’m here to see you.” 
Julia’s voice clearly sounded a little haggard. “I’m tired. You can go.” 
It seemed like Old Madam Wickam didn’t want to entertain anyone. Even if she knew that her grandson was outside the door, she didn’t want to say much. 
Gareth wrinkled his brows slightly. “Grandma, Elisa is here to see you. Do you want to go downstairs?” 
Julia immediately said with some surprise, “Liz is here?”
“Mm. She’s downstairs.” Gareth tried to calm down and erase the scene of what he did with that woman in his mind. 
In a split second, Julia opened the door. Her haggard face recovered a little at that moment. 
She immediately said, “I want to see my granddaughter!” 
As soon as she said it, she looked up subconsciously and glanced at Gareth. She saw that the right side of his face was red and puffy. Her brows furrowed. “What happened to your face?” 
Gareth pursed his lips. “I accidentally bumped into something. She’s waiting for you downstairs. Go on.” 
Julia looked at Gareth suspiciously. She didn’t hurry down. Her hand reached out unwittingly instead, wanting to touch where he was hurt, but she was afraid that it would hurt him. When she pulled back, she frowned and asked, “Did your mom hit you again?” 
She wasn’t around the last time Monica hit him. If she was, she certainly would not have let Monica lay a finger on him. 
Who did Linda think she was? How could she go to her grandson’s apartment! Did she think that anyone could go to her grandson’s place? Did she think that she was the future daughter-in-law of the Wickam family? Was she worthy? 
Monica shouldn’t have hit Gareth because of Linda! 
Gareth frowned slightly. “No.” 
“You’re still defending your mom at a time like this! Did you know that the silliest thing she did that day was to put Linda at your villa!”
###chapter262
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 262
Chapter 262 Did You Choose It Carefully? 
Gareth’s eyes flashed a little. This time, he actually agreed with what Grandma said. 
“It’s a sin…. does she know that breaking you and Elisa up is the most foolish thing she has done! You and Elisa are the perfect couple!” Old Madam Wickam grieved and lamented, feeling particularly regretful. 
Gareth’s eyes were a little alarmed, but in the next moment, he supported her arm. “Grandma, let’s go down.” 
Old Madam Wickam shook her head, frustrated. “Put some medicine on your face later. You can’t leave your face swollen.” 
“Mm, I will.” 
Old Madam Wickam nodded and went down the stairs with Gareth. 
Seeing Elisa standing awkwardly in the living room, Julia said at once, “Girlie, why are you just standing there? Come here and sit down! Why didn’t you come up to look for Grandma just now?” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. She smiled as she said, “I saw that Gareth was going to look for you, so I didn’t go up.” 
Looking at Elisa, Julia completely ignored Gareth, who was next to her. She quickened her steps. 
She reached the bottom of the stairs shortly. Elisa smiled as she walked forward to support Julia on her other side.
Julia looked at Elisa gently. Before she said anything, she suddenly noticed that Elisa’s lips were red and puffy. Her expression stiffened. “Liz, your mouth…” 
Elisa’s brows jumped. She unconsciously thought of something, and a trace of shame suddenly streaked across her face. She held on to Julia’s arm at once. “Grandma, let me help you.” 
There was clearly some suspicion in Julia’s eyes. She thought about Elisa’s series of emotions and turned to look at the handprint on her grandson’s hand. She was suddenly joyful. 
What did they do just now? 
Thinking about that, she looked straight at Gareth’s thin, sensual lips. 
Gareth and Elisa were both speechless. 
Grandma must have thought of something! 
That bastard! Couldn’t he leave her alone after the divorce! 
Julia suddenly giggled aloud. “Good, very good!” 
Elisa and Gareth were speechless once more. 
At this point, Elisa couldn’t hold back, and she said at once, “Grandma, it’s not what you think.” 
Julia laughed out loud. “Mm hmm, it’s not what I think, it’s not!” 
She played along as she responded, but it was clear from the smile in her eyes that she didn’t believe them. She was particularly happy. It was as if her worries of the day had dissipated.
Gareth looked at Elisa immediately and gave her a cold glance. Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say a single word. Gareth was signaling to her, it’s rare that Grandma is happy, don’t talk nonsense. 
Elisa kept her lips shut. 
Julia chuckled as she looked at the two of them. “Why did the both of you suddenly come and see me together?” 
Elisa immediately looked at Gareth. Her expression clearly turned cold. He had lied to her! 
Gareth didn’t look at Elisa. He slowly said, “You mentioned that you wanted to oversee me giving her some clothes personally. I told some people to bring the clothes over.” 
Astonishment flickered across Julia’s eyes. “You’ve prepared it so quickly! Did you choose the clothes carefully?” 
Elisa was baffled. 
Didn’t Grandma say that she wouldn’t interfere in our affairs? 
It was as if Julia noticed that what she said and what she meant was different. She said at once, “Um… I told him to pick out the clothes before I went to Lumineer Temple. What was promised previously must be fulfilled.”
###chapter263
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 263
Chapter 263 He Had His Own Plans 
Elisa’s eyes flashed. That kind of made sense. 
Gareth didn’t say anything. He nodded to the butler, who immediately waved at the servants. They quickly pushed in a few racks of clothes. 
All sorts of clothes were hung on the rack. They were all custom-made according to Elisa’s measurements, and they were of good quality. From the looks of it, it had been picked out carefully. 
But Elisa knew that Gareth must have issued orders and got experts to do it. 
Julia was extremely happy when she saw it. “Good! It looks great! You brat, you finally did something to make your grandmother happy!” 
Gareth pursed his lips. He didn’t say a word. 
Julia looked at Elisa. “Liz, look at all the different clothes. Are there any that you like?” 
Gareth also looked over as Elisa nodded calmly. “They look quite good.” 
What she said sounded quite patronizing. Gareth’s expression turned colder. 
But Julia was ecstatic. By saying that, this means that Elisa is willing to accept these clothes. This is a good beginning! 
“Okay, okay. Quick, pack these clothes up and send them off to Elisa!” 
The butler responded with a smile and instructed servants to pack the clothes. 
Old Madam Wickam couldn’t stop smiling, but it was clear that Elisa was a lot quieter today.
Guilt flashed across Julia’s eyes. She pulled one of Elisa’s hands. “Liz, I’m sorry for what Grandpa did!” 
Elisa shook her head at once. “Grandma, that has nothing to do with you. As for Grandpa, he has his favorite granddaughter-in-law. That’s on him. You can’t be blamed for it.” 
Gareth furrowed his brows but kept quiet. 
Julia clenched her teeth. “Yesterday, Grandpa suddenly received a call from Monica, and he left without hesitation. I couldn’t stop him at all. I never thought that he would send that notice out. If I knew about it, I would rather divorce him than let him send it out! But once it was sent out, the timber was turned into a boat… Grandma has let you down.” 
“Grandma, I will settle the matters with Grandpa,” Gareth suddenly said in a low voice. 
Julia suddenly laughed in anger. She turned to look at Gareth. “How are you going to deal with it? You, your mom, and grandpa are all on the same side. Have you ever considered the feelings of others when you do things? Gareth, can you open your eyes and carefully look to see if Linda is really worth repaying kindness to? Don’t you think that there’s something fishy going on?” 
Gareth wrinkled his brows a little. “Grandma, that is your prejudice against her. She is my savior. There is no need to argue about this.” 
“You…!” Julia was upset that iron wasn’t becoming steel. She shook her head, frustrated. 
Elisa felt that it was unnecessary for her to be sitting there. Even though Grandma treated her well, then again, Grandma was from the Wickam family. Elisa used to be the daughter-in-law of the Wickam family, but with her current status, it was very awkward for her to be here. 
But knowing that Grandma felt guilty, she couldn’t leave at the moment. Elisa was between a rock and a hard place.
At the time, Gareth had no intention of leaving. He explained patiently, “I will prioritize the Wickam Group and ignore the rest.” 
He was covertly expressing that he wouldn’t marry Linda at the moment. Even if he wanted to, he had his own plans. 
But Julia laughed grimly.
###chapter264
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 264
Chapter 264 You’re Misusing Your Youth! 
“If you don’t deal with it now, it doesn’t mean that you won’t get married in the future. Gareth, missing out on Liz is the biggest mistake in your life. I’ve done everything I can. I won’t pair the two of you together again in the future. I don’t want to completely lose my granddaughter because of you.” 
Gareth’s pupils shrank a little, and his face darkened. 
Elisa suddenly felt her heart relax. The corner of her lips slowly curved upwards. “Thank you, Grandma.” 
Julia’s heart was pierced with pain. Liz thanked her… To put it bluntly, Elisa said thank you because she felt relaxed. 
Sigh… 
This granddaughter-in-law… 
If she was gone just like that, my heart would be in pain! 
Julia held on tightly to Elisa’s hand. “Don’t worry, Elisa. No matter when and where, Grandma will protect you. Grandma will clear things up for you!” 
“Grandma.” 
Two voices suddenly rang out at the same time. 
The two people glanced at each other unconsciously. 
Julia, in turn, glanced at both of them. They were quite in sync. Wasn’t it a shame that they got a divorce?
Gareth pursed his lips. He didn’t start to speak. Elisa was the one who said softly, “What’s done is done. There’s nothing to clear up. Saying that you won’t play matchmaker to Gareth and I in the future is the biggest favor you can do for me.” 
The veins on Gareth’s forehead stuck out all of a sudden. 
Seeing that Julia’s expression was changing, Elisa smiled and said, “Every time Gareth and I are close to each other, some unforeseen circumstances would happen and push me to my limits. Grandma, I think I can only live like my true self when I have no intersections with Gareth, and I won’t be strained by the title of the Wickam daughter-in-law.” 
Elisa thought of Grandma as her family, which was why she could say that aloud. At the same time, she also hoped that Grandma would do as she said. 
Grandma had always tried her best to get them together, and Elisa’s heart was tired. 
Gareth’s fierce gaze was directed straight at Elisa’s face. It was like a sharp, ice-cold blade that could see through everything in her eyes. 
But… 
Her explanation wasn’t muddied by any desire. 
Julia closed her eyes and sighed sadly. “I understand. I won’t try to get the two of you back together again. Liz, you’ll always be the best granddaughter to me.” 
Elisa smiled. “Alright.” 
Gareth pursed his lips. He didn’t want to hear them say that. He continued on from where Elisa had interrupted him. “I won’t let this go on any further. I’ll take care of it.”
A scornful expression flashed across Elisa’s eyes. How was he going to take care of it? 
With Monica and Grandpa around, he would mess it up. 
It was clear that Julia didn’t believe him. She finally sighed. “It’s fine. Do whatever you want. I won’t interfere.” 
She could tell that Liz didn’t want her to interfere. 
Gareth responded and stayed seated, not saying anything. 
Elisa stayed with Old Madam Wickam for a while more. Seeing that it was getting late, she smiled as she said, “Grandma, it’s getting late. I need to categorize my cases, so I have to go back.” 
“You still need to work at this hour? Elisa, you need to take care of yourself. All of you are the same. Don’t think that you can squander your health away just because you’re young. You’re misusing your youth!” 
Elisa nodded obediently. ‘Yes, you’re right, Grandma.” 
“Ah… it’s fine. The two of you can leave. I’m going to rest.” Julia waved in what seemed like a frustrated manner.
###chapter265
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 265
Chapter 265 Who! Who Is It!! 
Elisa smiled and nodded. “I’ll help you back up.” 
“It’s alright. I can head up myself. That’s right, Mr. Jones. Since you’re sending Elisa back, let her take the clothes back.” 
Mr. Jones answered in a rush, “Yes, Ma’am.” 
A trace of a smile flickered across Elisa’s eyes. Grandma was really listening to her. Otherwise, Grandma would have asked Gareth to send her back. 
Gareth’s face darkened a little and, in the end, he said calmly, “I’ll be leaving.” 
Julia looked at her grandson resentfully. She didn’t say anything but snorted coldly while she watched him leave. 
As for Elisa, she left with the people that Mr. Jones had arranged for her. 
She secretly heaved a sigh of relief. Although she was disappointed with what the Wickam family had done, she couldn’t take revenge because of Grandma. It would only make things worse. She knew that Grandma and Grandpa couldn’t trend on Twitter at a time like this. As long as they didn’t go too far, she would…. give up this time. 
On the way, she kept thinking about it. When she arrived home, her clothes were brought upstairs before the people left. 
She only went into the bathroom after seeing that nobody was around and that there was no news on her cell phone.
She took off her clothes and turned on the shower. When she looked at her reflection in the mirror and saw her lips, she froze. Her face changed when she carefully looked at how her lips were slightly red and puffy. 
It had been a few hours, but there was still a mark. Wouldn’t it have been very obvious when they were at Grandma’s? 
Elisa took a deep breath in. Her delicate face flushed with rage. She didn’t know that the man would suddenly go crazy! 
The kiss that she had been waiting for for three years of their marriage only happened after they got a divorce. It was a disgrace! 
Until now, she couldn’t forget Gareth’s scornful yet entertained expression as if he was watching her like a clown. 
He was her brother-in-law, but she got into his car and kissed him. 
It was like they crossed a big gulf. It made her feel that she and Gareth were both particularly disgusting. 
In the future, she was determined not to give herself or Gareth the opportunity for them to be alone. 
The night passed just like that. When she woke up the next day, Elisa realized that the trends online had disappeared. No one was talking about it, and their names were no longer trending. 
Even Will’s tweets had disappeared. 
A sliver of doubt streaked across Elisa’s eyes. Did Gareth and Will talk things over before Will deleted it?
She laughed scornfully. Gareth was so efficient at handling matters. 
But with what had happened in the past few days, what was the point? 
Elisa put her cell phone down and wanted to ignore everything. She was about to wash up when a notification rang on her cell phone. 
Elisa glanced at her cell phone. 
—Will: ‘Good morning, princess. Are you up?’ 
Elisa furrowed her brow slightly. She didn’t plan on replying. 
But suspicion flickered across her eyes when she saw the next message. 
—Will: ‘Gareth made my previous tweet disappear. I didn’t delete it. I’m going to tweet again.’ 
—Elisa: ‘Don’t! Please be a normal person!’ 
Will was about to tweet when he saw a notification that popped up. A trace of a smile suddenly flashed across the corner of his lips. Elisa was adorable. 
He then tweeted. 
—Will: ‘Someone asked me to be a normal person. Another day of someone being adorable.’ 
In an instant, Twitter was in an uproar. 
—Will Darcey Is My Hubby: ‘Who! Who is it!! Is it Elisa!!! Ah, I refuse to accept it! Please give me a fair fighting chance with her!’
—I’m A Piece Of Candy: ‘Please get yourself together. Two ugly ducklings have taken a liking to each other. You have no chance.’ 
—Shallow: ‘Hahaha… two ugly ducklings liking each other, LOL!’
###chapter266
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 266
Chapter 266 Focused and Goal Oriented 
Will looked at the replies with amusement. It was the first time he realized that he had such a childish side. 
The next moment, he sent a message to Elisa. 
—Will: ‘I’m sorry, it’s done.’ 
Elisa’s face turned black instantly. She made a call to Will. 
He answered the call promptly. “Good morning, my princess.” 
The man’s voice was magnetic and gentle. The affection in his voice was clear. Elisa furrowed her brows. “Will Darcey, when can you let me go!” 
Will couldn’t help but chuckle. She was finally willing to call him by his full name. 
She would always call him ‘Mr. Darcey’ and he would get bothered by it. 
With an expression of endearment, he said in a gentle voice, “If you marry me, I’ll treat you as a princess for the rest of my life. You’re the apple of my eye. Otherwise…” 
Elisa’s brows wrinkled. The man’s magnetic voice traveled to her ear. “Don’t blame me for pestering you.” 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
“Are you going to work at the law firm later? Why don’t I pick you up?” Will asked comfortably. It seemed as though Will had yet to notice something was wrong with Elisa.
Elisa took a light breath in. “Will, if you continue on like this, we can’t be friends.” 
“Chasing after you is my right. If I don’t do this, would you even be friends with me?” Will hit the nail on the head. 
Elisa was speechless. 
“If I don’t pursue you, you definitely won’t approach me. If I pursue you, you might not necessarily accept me. So why don’t I pursue you anyway, just in case I get an opportunity.” The man’s deep laugh came from the receiver. His voice sounded good. 
But! 
Elisa’s face was more upset. What did he mean by that? 
“Will.” 
“Alright, I’ll stop teasing you. I’m on the way to the office now. If you have time today, you can come look for me. I’m around the whole day. No one will stop you.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. She thought of something that she needed to go to his office and ask him about. 
Thinking about it, she said in a soft voice, “I’ll head over later.” 
An obvious look of astonishment flickered across his eyes. He never thought that she would say that. He answered immediately, “Alright. When will you be here?” 
“In one hour.” 
“Okay.”
Elisa hung up. She got ready as usual before leaving. 
Although… she would routinely work at the law firm, her working hours weren’t very regular. It was mainly because she was the boss, on top of her professional ability, so no one really said anything. 
Furthermore, even if she weren’t the boss, if Charli were her superior, Elisa wouldn’t even need to work if she didn’t want to since she had capital there. 
But… it wasn’t that Elisa wanted to deliberately strike a pose to impress people; it was just that she had too many things to do. 
She left after packing and eating breakfast. 
All these years, no matter how bad Elisa was feeling and how badly that man tormented her, she promised herself that all three meals of the day met her standards. Even if she really didn’t have the appetite, she wouldn’t restrain herself from breakfast. She wouldn’t miss a single breakfast. Only then could she have a healthy body. 
There wasn’t much traffic on the way. She reached Darcey Group according to the time she said she would. 
There was the same dignified air here, just like at Wickam Group. It made people feel focused and goal-oriented. She had been to Wickam Group a few times for show. 
She had never really appreciated it properly. 
She never imagined that… the place she could admire carefully was Darcey Group.
###chapter267
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 267
But she didn’t want to see it here either. 
At this point, Elisa had already walked in. 
As for the higher management of Darcey Group, those who were supposed to be a part of the meeting had prepared for it for a few months, but it was just canceled by Mr. Darcey. 
And he just said that the rescheduled time was to be confirmed. 
Many of them felt stood up. But because it was Mr. Darcey, no one dared to question his abilities. Each of them thought that he had something of more importance, so they were understanding about it. 
But many of the managers couldn’t help but discuss it. 
-Mr. Clarke: ‘Does Mr. Darcey have something important on today? Can the meeting still happen today?‘ 
-Mr. Saunders: ‘I can’t say. Mr. Darcey has always been a punctual person. I’m afraid it might have coincided with something important that he made an exception for.‘ 
-Mr. Lyons: ‘Anyway, no one can run away from this meeting. Everyone, please prepare for it well! 
With everyone chipping in, they were suspicious because Will had always been a person who was conscientious about time. 
He would never have been late, and the things that he decided would never change! 
But this time… what in the world was so important that it was worth him doing this?
Seeing Elisa’s arrival, a trace of astonishment flickered across the eyes of the receptionist. Elisa was the woman of the hour and the person of interest of her company’s president! 
She actually appeared in Darcey Group. Did she really have some type of unbreakable bond with Mr. Darcey? 
Elisa ignored everyone’s gaze and went into the elevator. She didn’t want to bump into anyone, so she went into Will’s personal elevator. No one dared use it, which helped her accomplish her goal. 
At this time, the receptionist made a call–up, and the secretary connected it to Will. 
When Will answered, the receptionist said at once, “Mr. Darcey, Ms. Benett has gone up in your personal elevator.” 
There was nothing but joy in Will’s eyes. Liz really helped him accomplish his aim. 
He knew that Liz didn’t like trouble, but by doing that, it could be said that she drew even more attention to her position. There would be many people in the company that would discuss it incessantly. 
The more affectionate their relationship was, the happier he seemed. 
“I understand,” Will said before hanging up. 
At the time, he was already waiting for Elisa to arrive. 
In that instant, the company’s internal group chat was on a roll. 
The receptionist was the first to send a picture before everyone started chattering and discussing Elisa’s figure.
-Maisy Walters (Marketing Department): This figure is devastatingly beautiful with just a glance! To be honest, Elisa is really pretty. As a woman, I’m not jealous at all! I just admire her.‘ 
-Deborah Gilmore (Secretarial Department): ‘That’s right! I admire her too.‘ 
–Eric Weaver (Sales Department): ‘So what if you admire her? In the end, she’s just secondhand goods! Is it possible that Mr. Darcey really has his eyes on her? Maybe he’s just using her for now!‘ 
-Crystal Hayes (Reception): ‘All of you are hilarious. Mr. Darcey intentionally instructed me that if she comes, I can’t stop her. Furthermore, Ms. Benett went up with Mr. Darcey’s personal lift. Do you know what this means?‘ 
-Eric (Sales Department): ‘She’s Iris. Iris has helped Mr. Darcey so much. Isn’t this natural?’ 
-Deborah (Secretarial Department): ‘D*mn! Oh my god!‘ 
-Crystal (Reception): ‘Sigh, she’s already gone up. What’s left is only my admiring tears.’ 
Not too long after that, many people started chiming in. Soon, all of Darcey Group was on a roll!
###chapter268
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 268
Those who had been discussing why Will had suddenly canceled the meeting quickly heard about the news and were upset by it. 
The managers were in an office and had been in the midst of a discussion, but now… it became a discussion about Elisa and Will. 
“It’s her again!” Mr. Clarke’s face sank at that moment. “This woman has changed Mr. Darcey’s mind over and over again. She’s a variable. What should we do if this woman wrecks Darcey Group after some time?!” 
Ms. Francis was also looking upset. Deep unhappiness flashed across her cold face. “It’s obvious that this woman is chasing after Mr. Darcey. If she gets her own way, this affects Darcey Group! Mr. Darcey wants a woman that Gareth didn’t want? Does this look good?” 
“No! We must stop her from enticing Mr. Darcey!” Mr. Clarke’s voice was dull. 
Mr. Duncan wrinkled his brows. “Although that’s true, do you dare to take charge? If it wasn’t for Iris the last time, Darcey Group couldn’t have won the case. With Vincent around, who else can shake things up?” 
Only Iris! Only Elisa! 
The friendship between Mr. Darcey and her couldn’t end! 
Otherwise, with Vincent representing Wickam Group, they would lose a lot of their cases. That wasn’t good news to Darcey Group. 
In an instant, everyone fell into silence.
Mr. Clarke furrowed his brows tightly. “Then, are we supposed to just let things develop? She will cause harm to Mr. Darcey sooner or later!” 
Mr. Duncan looked up at him. “I want to ask, is there any woman who can bring Darcey Group tens of billions in profit?” 
“Anything is possible with a marriage of convenience.” 
“Darcey Group is at such a powerful stage now. All our partnerships are win–win situations. Even without a marriage of convenience, we can still have successful partnerships.” 
At the time, Elisa had already reached Will’s office 
Hearing knocks, Will’s lips curved slightly. “Come in.” 
Elisa pressed on the door’s handle and pushed the door open. Seeing Will sitting in an executive chair and smiling at his own appearance, Elisa slowly walked forward and placed an ATM card on his office desk. 
Ms. Dunn, a secretary who needed to report something to Will at the time, walked in the door. She raised her hand and was about to knock when she witnessed such a scene. Her hand was frozen in mid–air, and curiosity filled her eyes. Why was Ms. Benett giving Mr. Darcey an ATM card? 
Will didn’t mind if there was anyone at the door, nor did he know if anyone saw the scene. He looked at the ATM card on the desk and said with a faint smile, “What do you mean by this, Ms. Benett? You want to provide for me?” 
Ms. Dunn was dumbstruck. 
Oh my god!
Mr. Darcey would actually say such sweet words of endearment! 
Although she had heard that he was a romantic philanderer, no one had really seen him be affectionate with other women nor heard him say such things to women! 
But now! 
She actually saw the president say sweet nothings in person! Ah, even hearing it at the corner made her feel like her ears were about to melt. 
It seemed like Elisa was used to punks like Will. The corner of her mouth twitched, and she was just about to speak when Will suddenly smiled and spoke up. 
“Providing for me is actually not that bad. I don’t spend too much money. How much have you prepared for me here?” 
Ms. Dunn was speechless once again. 
Her eyes widened. In principle, this was her boss‘ private meeting. She shouldn’t be around for it, but….
###chapter269
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 269
She had forgotten by then. She watched the scene before her with an alarmed expression as she stood as a hindrance in the doorway. At the same time, the hand that she had previously raised was still stuck in its original posture. It hadn’t moved. 
The rate of her breathing might have been a little loud. Elisa slowly turned, and Will followed her gaze and looked over. 
Ms. Dunn’s expression changed. She said at once in a panicked tone, “I’m sorry, Mr. Darcey. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop. I… I have some things to report to you.” 
Will was feeling very good that day. He said indifferently, “You can head back for now.” 
Ms. Dunn was a little surprised. Even though Mr. Darcey looked slightly indisposed, he was a person who was clear on rewards and penalizations. Take what she did for example. If it was previously, she would have been penalized a lot. 
But now, Mr. Darcey let her go so easily? 
After all, Mr. Darcey was the type of person who wouldn’t hold grudges against people if he didn’t settle matters with them immediately. 
Ms. Dunn said her thanks in a hurry, “Yes, Mr. Darcey!” 
She hugged the files in her hands tightly as she ran out quickly. 
Only the two of them were left in the office. Will smiled as he stood up. “I better close the door so that others won’t disturb us.”
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly. She didn’t close the door just now because she wanted to leave after speaking with him. But now, Will was at the door and shut it tight. 
Will turned and looked at Elisa, who was dressed formally. His lips curved a little. “You look good in your work clothes. You look very noble, capable, and experienced.” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “Thank you.” 
Will walked to Elisa’s side and stopped. Looking at the person before him, there was a split second where he wanted to take her into his arms. 
This woman was actually dangerous. When he first approached her, he wanted to use her and partner with her. 
But now… 
He was genuine and sincere. He really wanted to be together with her. 
A short time had passed, but after getting to know her, he had fallen headfirst for this woman. 
He didn’t plan to say all this because if he did, she wouldn’t believe a single word. She would think that he was being frivolous instead. 
Elisa saw his gentle gaze that was directed at her. She said softly, “The money that I have to return to you is in here. When I represented you in court, my fee was what we agreed upon. I won’t take any more.” 
“This is what was agreed upon. This was additional fees for the items we talked about. It’s yours.” 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. It was obvious that she wasn’t planning to take it. Gareth understood her personality. She came all the way to Darcey Group so that she could cut off all relations with him.
He smiled. “You can return it to me in another way.” 
Elisa looked at him, confused. 
Will’s lips arched a little. Like I said, if this is because you want to provide for me, I’ll definitely take it.” 
Elisa glanced at him, slightly dumbfounded. “Whatever you like.” 
The trace of a smile in Will’s eyes deepened. He said gently, “Do you want to stay and eat lunch together? Since you’re going to be my bankroller in the future, why don’t I take you around Darcey Group? You can be in charge if you see anything that you like.” 
Elisa’s brows jumped. Will was trying hard to rope her in. If his rival wasn’t Gareth, maybe they could interact and be friends. This man was clever. He did things in a moderate but elegant manner. 
They could have partnered together. It was a shame… 
She couldn’t hurt Grandma and Grandpa. 
“No, I need to go to work. I’ll be leaving,” she said and turned to leave, but her arm was suddenly pulled back.
###chapter270
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 270
Chapter 270 Ms. Benett Gave Mr. Darcey an ATM Card 
Elisa’s brows wrinkled slightly. She turned to look at the man. 
Will sized her up. “Elisa, sometimes, you don’t have to take on everything alone. If there’s anything that will worry them, feel free to let me know. I’m your most faithful supporter.” 
His voice was solemn and honest. The light in her eyes dulled a little. The man slowly approached her and said in a gentle voice, “Otherwise, if my bankroller is having problems, who will provide for me in the future?” 
Elisa’s brows jumped ferociously once more. This man was really dangerous! 
She pulled her hands back in a hurry and left in a rush as she said, “Bye.” 
It was just one word. Nothing more. 
Will didn’t chase after her. He chuckled and slowly walked to his office desk. Seeing the ATM card on his desk, he picked up his cell phone. 
… 
At Wickam Group, Thomas was in Gareth’s office reporting a series of schedules. “Mr. Wickam, you have a business dinner tonight with Mr. Perry that was agreed upon earlier.” 
Gareth nodded indifferently. He didn’t say a word. 
At this moment, Thomas hesitated a little, but he didn’t leave right away. It made Gareth look at him. “Is there anything else?”
Thomas’ expression was subtle because Gareth had once instructed him to report anything related to Will. But this time, this thing that had something to do with Will also had something to do with Elisa. He wasn’t sure if Mr. Wickam could take it. 
“Um…” 
Gareth’s expression became colder. “Say it!” 
Thomas took a breath in and finally said softly, “Mr. Darcey tweeted this morning.” 
Gareth wrinkled his brows but stayed quiet. 
Thomas could only take out his cell phone and say, “Mr. Darcey thought that someone was being adorable.” 
The air in the office instantly became cold! 
But when Thomas opened Twitter, there was another trending topic about Will. 
Will tweeted two times in a row about his mysterious woman! 
The trends were all about this. Everyone could guess who it was. 
Thomas’ expression became even more subtle. “He just sent out another tweet.” 
He hadn’t seen what the other tweet was. He could only pass his cell phone to Gareth. 
Gareth took it from him and clicked on the latest tweet. 
—Will: ‘Being provided for is such a great feeling. I just have to sit and wait for my bankroller to continue to feed me.’
There was a picture of a bank card below. And the card numbers on the bank card…! 
“Go investigate!” Gareth’s voice was unbelievably cold. The air in the office went down. 
Seeing the cell phone that Gareth handed back to him, Thomas saw Will’s latest tweet at one glance. His face changed. 
But he didn’t leave right away. Seeing Gareth’s dark face, he calmed himself down and said boldly, “Ms. Benett went to Mr. Darcey’s company this morning, and he even postponed a meeting because of her.” 
Bang! 
Gareth suddenly slammed his fist against his office desk. His eyes were remarkably malicious. “And then!” 
Thomas’ expression changed. In the past, no matter what he reported to Gareth, Thomas would finish speaking before Mr. Darcey gave him orders. Otherwise, Mr. Darcey would just stay quiet, and Thomas would silently leave. 
But now, not only did Mr. Darcey interrupt him to ask questions, but he was also furious. He and Ms. Benett… 
Thomas took a breath in and had to continue, “Then… Ms. Benett left not long after that. There are rumors in the company saying that… Ms. Benett gave Mr. Darcey an ATM card.”
###chapter271
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 271
Chapter 271 He Will Absolutely Love You and Care for You for the Rest of Your Life! 
The air in the room went down abruptly. Thomas couldn’t help but shiver. He felt that he was freezing all over. 
Other people might not have been aware, but Gareth knew that Will was getting serious! 
As someone who would never postpone meetings and always did what he said, he made an exception for Elisa over and over again! 
Very good, Will, very good! 
“Go investigate that card.” 
The light in Thomas’ eyes flickered a little. Will must have deliberately highlighted it to let some people verify it. If it didn’t belong to Elisa, wouldn’t he be contradicting himself? 
If verified, the account must belong to Elisa. It was clear that Mr. Wickam was being unnecessary… 
Thomas didn’t say anything else. He only responded respectfully, “Yes.” 
Seeing that Gareth kept quiet, Thomas left. 
Will was in a great mood today. The staff members in the company received bonuses and were collectively given a half-day leave. 
But… 
Dark clouds were billowing above Wickam Group. They had to redo a proposal that they clearly thought was perfect. They even had to suffer through working overtime…
Thinking about how those at Darcey Group were being treated today, many people started to suspect that Elisa had something to do with the two companies. 
As for Elisa, when she saw the trending topics on Twitter, she was dumbfounded, but she didn’t want to say anything else to Will because there was no use. She was afraid that if she said anything, Will would continue tweeting. 
But Rachel couldn’t take it anymore, so she called Elisa. 
Elisa answered in an exasperated manner. 
“I say, Elisa! What happened to you? You’re fooling around with Will? He’s such a fickle man. Why were you with him?” 
“It was an accident.” Elisa’s head hurt a little. 
Rachel’s face darkened. “Do you think I believe you? You personally went to Darcey Group and gave Will an ATM card. There was even a secretary who saw you giving Will the ATM card with her own two eyes and heard you say that it was to provide for Will. You’re crazy, Liz! How can you provoke a man like that! He’s really very dangerous!” 
Gareth and Will. 
Although these two men were outstanding, but their presence couldn’t be provoked. 
Elisa had been hurt once with Gareth. She knew what the consequences were for provoking him. Was she going to repeat a disastrous mistake with Will? 
Rachel was extremely worried. But in the next moment, she hesitated. “Are you striking back for what happened with the Wickam family this time? If that’s the case, it’s right to strike back. I saw replies
saying that you were using your actions to prove how blind Gareth, his mother, and his Grandpa are being.” 
“No.” Elisa sighed. “He’s only using me to upset Gareth. I gave him that ATM card to return the lawyer fees that he paid me. The last time he took Gareth to court and claimed damages of ten billion. This wasn’t initially requested. He gave me the ten billion, but I couldn’t take it.” 
Rachel was suddenly suspicious. “Are you lying to me?” 
“Of course not,” Elisa said firmly. But Rachel felt that something wasn’t right. 
She couldn’t say what it was at the time. Frustrated, she sighed and said, “Liz, you’re too excellent. Otherwise, why would so many things happen? Ah… look at me, I don’t have so many problems. Even though Will is outstanding, he’s too dangerous. You… you must think about it wisely. You definitely cannot get together with this man. Alternatively, you can get together with Carle. He will absolutely love you and care for you for the rest of your life!” 
Elisa’s eyes flickered. She didn’t want to talk about Carle. She answered softly, “I understand.” 
Hearing her say that, Rachel didn’t continue. She said, “That’s right, Mr. Lee wanted me to look for you.”
###chapter272
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 272
Chapter 272 Garry, Are You Busy? 
“Has it been decided?” Elisa’s expression was relaxed. 
“Mm. He said that everything on his end is mostly done. Court can start the day after tomorrow. He asked if you’re free. If not, it can be delayed.” 
“The day after tomorrow works.” 
It just so happened that after everything was solved, she would go to Benett Corporation. 
Everything would fall into its place. 
“Wow! You’re my lucky goddess! I love you so much, Elisa!” Rachel said as she made kissing noises toward the cell phone. 
“How corny.” Elisa mocked. “Is there anything else?” 
“No. Rest well.” 
“Mm.” 
On Twitter, it was going viral. Many people started to envy Elisa. 
—Angry Bird: ‘I really envy Elisa. She just had a divorce, but a new boss appeared in her life and treated her so well. He’s pursuing her with such effort. Even if Mr. Darcey is fickle, have any of you seen him tweet about a woman?’ 
—Iris Stan: ‘That’s right! Iris is amazing! She can capture Mr. Darcey’s heart without even batting an eyelid. But he’s so fickle. I don’t know if he will treat our Iris well in the future!’
—Gareth Wickam Is My Hubby: ‘He will! Hurry up and get together! Don’t harm my hubby again in the future, and I’ll thank all eight generations of her ancestors!’ 
—Too Late: ‘I don’t know what Elisa is thinking. Since she was willing to go to Darcey Group, this should mean that she’s willing to accept him, right?’ 
… 
Tweets discussing Will’s tweet came rolling in one after another. Many verified accounts were also retweeting Will’s tweet. 
But Elisa never properly responded from start to finish. Many people didn’t know if they were actually together, and they were waiting for juicy gossip. 
As for Wickam Group, the whole company was exceptionally solemn. No one dared breathe too loud for fear of infuriating their president, so they just quietly worked overtime. 
But even so, there were still people who kept making mistakes. 
What happened these two days made Gareth work non-stop at Wickam Group. He didn’t have the time to visit Linda at all. 
Linda was almost rotting while waiting in the hospital, but that man still never appeared. 
She thought that Gareth would have a strong competitive spirit with Elisa being like that. She thought that he would visit her and create rumors. She had even thought of the titles, but Gareth didn’t even appear once! 
On this night, she suddenly couldn’t sit still.
She didn’t care, and she made a call to Gareth. She was worried and wondered if he would answer her call. 
Unexpectedly, the phone only rang four times before he answered. 
“What is it.” The man’s voice was cold and deep, but that was what Linda loved. 
“Garry, are you busy? Am I disturbing you by calling?” Linda was thoughtful as usual. Her voice was soft and gentle, a big difference from the prickly Elisa. 
Gareth massaged the bridge of his nose. He didn’t know when he started to compare Elisa and Linda. 
“I’m working overtime. You can speak.” 
In other words, he couldn’t visit her. 
Disappointment flashed across her eyes. But after a moment, she smiled. “You’re busy after all. I won’t disturb you then. I just wanted to let you know that you don’t have to come to see me. I’m planning to leave the hospital tomorrow.” 
Gareth suddenly wrinkled his brows tightly. “It’s only been a few days.” 
“It’s been seven days.” Feeling his attention on her, Linda’s heart relaxed.
###chapter273
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 273
Chapter 273 I’ll Come Pick You up Tomorrow 
“No.” Gareth’s tone was firm. “There’s no way that your body has recovered.” 
“It has. I just need to take medicine regularly at home. You don’t have to worry so much about me, I’m fine. Thank you, Garry.” 
Gareth furrowed his brows a little. “Why are you thanking me?” 
“Thank you for being so concerned about me. This makes my heart feel warm. I feel very thankful that I got to know you.” 
Gareth was a little startled. She had been in a vegetative state because of him, and she was in the hospital again after almost relapsing because of him, but… she was thankful for him? 
In that moment, Gareth’s feelings were messy. “Wait, I’ll come to the hospital now.” 
The joy in Linda’s heart suddenly intensified. He was actually coming! 
But in the next moment, she turned him down at once as she said thoughtfully, “Garry, I said that it’s just a mild illness. You don’t have to make a big deal about it. You have so much work to do every day. You don’t have to pay attention to me. Moreover, I have people by my side to take care of me. You don’t have to come.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything and hung up. 
The happiness in Linda’s eyes became stronger. Her assistant looked expectantly at Linda. “Ms. Benett, is Mr. Wickam coming?” 
Linda’s lips arched, looking as though victory was within reach. “What do you think?”
As long as Gareth came over, she would find a way to instigate trouble between him and Elisa. She would make him stop loving her sooner or later! 
Casey Stevens said with excitement, “You’re the best, Ms. Benett!” 
If Gareth came over, Linda would think that she was in the way and chase her away. She could even run away! Casey had been staying by Linda’s side every day, and she had nothing to do. It was so bothersome. 
Gareth hadn’t come for the past two days, so Linda was in an irritable mood. She would vent her anger on Casey at the drop of a hat. Casey had had enough! 
But her whole family was depending on the Benett family for a way out. She was destined to serve Linda for her whole life and was bound to be Linda’s servant. 
Linda was in a good mood. She snorted coldly and started scrolling her cell phone. Seeing Will’s tweets, she was in an even better mood. Even the heavens were helping her. 
While she was waiting, Gareth came. Casey didn’t want to be the third wheel, so she left quietly. 
In the hospital room, it was only the two of them. Only one light was on in the room, and it wasn’t bright. It made it seem like there was a cozy feeling. 
Linda sat on the bed. There was a trace of a smile in the corner of her lips. “Garry, you’re here.” 
Gareth nodded indifferently. He was gazing at her legs. Seeing it wrapped in layers of white bandages, he furrowed his brows a little. “Only leave after all these are taken out.” 
Linda suddenly burst out laughing. “Then I’ll have to stay here until I rot. Garry, you don’t have to worry about me so much. I won’t try to be brave either. If there’s really something wrong with me, how could I
be discharged? Look at me in the first few days, I never complained about wanting to leave.” 
Gareth wrinkled his brows. From his eyes, it was clear that he disagreed. 
Linda once again smiled as she said, “The doctors said that I can be discharged. Once I leave the hospital, there will be specialized doctors that will change my bandages for me. There won’t be any problems.” 
Gareth pursed his lips. “Be careful after you leave the hospital. Don’t try to be brave.” 
Linda smiled and nodded. “Mm, I won’t.” 
The smile in the corner of her lips was so pure, and it was even quite dazzling. If any other man saw it, they would have been so taken by her. But as it turned out, Gareth didn’t feel anything. 
Every time he came here, he didn’t have much to say. It felt like this place made him uncomfortable. 
Linda smiled as she looked at Gareth. “Garry, if you have work to do, you can leave. I just need to be observed tonight. If there’s no problems, I can be discharged tomorrow.” 
“I’ll come pick you up tomorrow.” Gareth’s voice was extremely calm.
###chapter274
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 274
Chapter 274 He Had Never Liked That Woman! 
Every time he came here, he didn’t have much to say. It felt like this place made him uncomfortable. 
Linda smiled as she looked at Gareth. “Garry, if you have work to do, you can leave. I just need to be observed tonight. If there’s no problems, I can be discharged tomorrow.” 
“I’ll come pick you up tomorrow.” Gareth’s voice was extremely calm. 
Linda suddenly felt slightly overwhelmed. Her eyes flashed, and she said, “Garry, are you still angry about what happened previously? I was too impulsive, I’m sorry…” 
Gareth sighed. “Let’s stop talking about what happened in the past.” 
Linda’s lashes trembled a little, but she still smiled and nodded as she said obediently, “Alright.” 
Gareth sat on a chair by the bed. He felt uncomfortable. Linda could feel that he wanted to leave. 
Just as he was about to say something, Linda smiled and said at once, “Garry, while I was scrolling through Twitter today, I saw Mr. Darcey’s tweets. Have… you seen it?” 
Gareth’s face darkened. He didn’t answer. 
Envy flashed across Linda’s face. Up until now, she couldn’t forget how Gareth kissed Elisa of his own accord! 
How dare she! 
Who did she think she was!
Linda took a breath in and smiled as she said, “Actually… I was worried that the relationship between the two of you was so stiff. What should I do? After all, she used to care about you so much. I was just thinking that if the two of you got a divorce, how is she going to live?” 
Linda pretended not to see Gareth’s face which was getting darker. She smiled as she said, “Now that I see she’s found her own happiness, I’m very happy for her.” 
Gareth suddenly sneered. “Found her own happiness? Will can make Elisa happy?” 
Linda’s mouth opened in astonishment, but in the next instant, she smiled and said, “Although Mr. Darcey doesn’t have a good reputation, I’ve never seen him invest so much in a woman. I think he’s been emotionally moved by Liz. Garry, even though you don’t have feelings for her, you still want to see her happy in the future, right?” 
Gareth sneered coldly. The scorn in his eyes became stronger, and his eyes were ice-cold. 
Linda looked at Gareth, worried. She pulled his hand without realizing it. “Garry, what’s the matter? Are you… angry? Did I say something wrong?” 
Confusion and panic streaked across her eyes. 
Gareth immediately came to his senses. “Her life or death has nothing to do with me. Don’t ever bring it up again.” 
Linda looked at him disbelievingly. “Garry…” 
It seemed as though she was afraid of making Gareth angry, so she didn’t say anything more. 
But in her heart, she was ecstatic. Gareth was angry. She didn’t believe that Gareth would do anything to Elisa this time. Seeing how close Elisa and Gareth were, he should give up.
Give up… 
When she realized that she had thought of these two words, her expression changed abruptly. 
How could she say give up! 
How could Gareth still like Elisa? He had never liked that woman! 
Just as she was mulling over what to say, Gareth suddenly stood up. 
Linda’s face changed slightly. She looked at him subconsciously, and her mouth was open as she thought of another topic to make him stay, but Gareth spoke first. “There’s still a lot to do at the office. I’ll be heading back. I’ll pick you up tomorrow.” 
Linda was reluctant to part with him. But even if she couldn’t help it, she nodded. “Alright. It’s so late. You need to get some rest too. Don’t get too tired. Otherwise…”
###chapter275
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 275
Chapter 275 I’ll Send Linda Back 
In a rare gesture, Gareth raised his eyes to look at her. Linda bit her lips and said a little shyly, “I’ll be upset.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything in the end. He turned and left. 
Linda watched his figure and there was a strong infatuation deep in her eyes. She had liked this man for a long time. 
She just had to wait for a while before she could get married to him! 
She could get married to him! 
The more Linda thought about it, the happier she was. 
Gareth visiting Linda this time was a trending topic too. It made a splash on Twitter shortly, but… it was pushed down after a few minutes. 
When Linda found out, her face paled instantly. 
She deliberately got people to arrange for it to raise their popularity and let others know that she and Gareth were a couple. 
But a trending topic that was pushed down in the blink of an eye couldn’t have been done by anybody other than Gareth. Why… did he want to push it down! 
Linda’s face paled again. She had a strong premonition, but she couldn’t say or do anything. If it trended again, Gareth would only guess that it had something to do with her. 
Thump!
Linda punched the bed fiercely. All the joy she was feeling earlier was wiped clean! 
He was thinking about Elisa. That must be the case! 
But even after three years, he didn’t fall in love with Elisa. Why was Gareth starting to pay attention to her after they divorced? How could this be? 
… 
The next day, Gareth came to pick Linda up, as he said he would. 
When he reached the hospital, Linda was still sitting on the bed. 
Seeing Gareth arrive, Rose said formally, “Mr. Wickam, you really came. You’re so busy every day. Linda has gotten better. You didn’t need to come all the way.” 
Norman also nodded properly. “That’s right, Mr. Wickam. This is just a mild illness.” 
Gareth nodded indifferently. “It’s what I should be doing. Let’s leave the hospital.” 
Linda had changed her clothes. She was no longer wearing the hospital gown. 
Bu her legs couldn’t quite touch the ground for now. She needed someone to carry her to the wheelchair, but Gareth didn’t intend to move. 
He had to be instructed. 
Rose and Linda had subtle expressions. Seeing that Gareth wasn’t moving, Norman couldn’t drag it out any longer. He smiled as he nodded. “Alright, we’re leaving the hospital now. Linda, hold onto daddy’s neck.”
There was nothing but disappointment in Linda’s eyes. There was even more disbelief. If it was in the past, Gareth would have carried her, but today… What was up with him! She almost lost control and asked him. 
Soon, Norman pushed Linda out until they reached the side of the car. Rose said at once, “Mr. Wickam, I know you have a lot of work to do. Why don’t you head back? I’ll take care of things for Linda.” 
The light in Gareth’s eyes dulled. Norman also smiled and nodded at once. “Yes. It’s just a mild illness. Although it seemed as though there was a big risk when the incident happened, it’s actually not that bad.” 
In other words, he was reminding Gareth about how much Linda had suffered because of him. 
A light flickered across Gareth’s eyes. “It’s fine. I’ll send Linda back.” 
Linda’s nervous heart only calmed down after he said that. 
Norman only nodded after seeing his resolve. “Then… alright. Thank you for your trouble, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything. He walked to the passenger’s seat and opened the door, waiting for Norman to carry Linda into the car.
###chapter276
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 276
Chapter 276 An Ungrateful Person 
It seemed as though Linda looked more disappointed, but she held it in. 
Norman and Rose shut the door. They naturally couldn’t be unwanted guests. Gareth got into the car and started the engine. 
Linda pursed her lips and looked at Gareth. Her parents had repeated many times that he had a lot of work to do. Of course, she couldn’t say the same thing again. She would be too long-winded. 
But at this moment, she didn’t know what topic she should talk about, nor did she know how to close the distance between the two of them. 
Thinking about it, her eyes lit up. She thought of it! 
Looking at the bad traffic outside, Linda’s lips curved a little. “Garry, do you remember when we were little?” 
Gareth answered indifferently as he was driving. “Why?” 
Linda giggled. “I remember that we used to play together. It seems like our childhood was the happiest. There were many children in the past that would turn up at parties. It’s not like it is now, where everyone is trying to outwit each other. Everyone had sincere and honest naivete. I really miss those times.” 
Gareth’s eyes flashed a little as he unconsciously thought about his childhood. 
And he and Elisa at the time. 
Screech!
Gareth suddenly stomped on the brakes. 
Linda’s body rushed forward abruptly, but thankfully she had her seatbelt on. 
The car in front braked suddenly. The red lights from the car in front made him come to his senses. He stepped on the brakes at once. 
At that moment, he lost his mind. 
Gareth pursed his lips while Linda said at once, “Garry, are you too tired? Or did the car in front brake too suddenly?” 
Gareth was calm. “I’m fine.” 
Linda looked at him with some suspicion in her eyes. Did he… recall something just now? 
In the next moment, her face suddenly changed. 
She wasn’t the only one who played together with him when they were young. There was also Elisa! 
Gareth must have thought about what happened between him and Elisa. 
D*mn it! 
Why did she have to bring up what was related to Elisa! 
But… 
All these years, she had always stuck around Elisa to curry favor with her and integrate in the rich and powerful circles. No matter what big occasion it was, they were sisters who were inseparable. 
From what other people said, they were sisters who had a great relationship.
But only she herself knew how much she wanted to replace Elisa. She was the lady of the Benett family! 
There would be a day where this dream would become reality! 
Only the heavens knew how happy she would be. 
But for now, she had to replace Elisa as the Wickam daughter-in-law. She had chased Elisa off the stage. She was going to be Mrs. Wickam! 
It was fine. Garry just had a lot of matters to settle now. She would give him time. She believed that in their upcoming interactions, he would fall in love with her. 
The two of them didn’t speak for the rest of the car ride. Linda looked very obedient. This made things more normal in the car. Gareth slowly stopped as he pulled up to the Benett Residence. 
Norman’s car was also just arriving. 
Gareth got out of the car as Norman slowed down on purpose. His brows were slightly furrowed. “I don’t believe that he still wants to wait for me to carry Linda when I’m driving so slowly.” 
Rose’s expression was slightly solemn. “Yesterday, when Linda called me, I felt that something wasn’t right. Now, I feel like Mr. Wickam has changed. Does he really want to marry our daughter?” 
“How much has our daughter suffered because of him? Does he want to be an ungrateful person?”
###chapter277
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 277
Chapter 277 A Familiar Figure 
Norman sounded a little resentful. He was driving particularly slowly. 
As for Gareth, after he got out of the car, he wasn’t in a rush to open the door in the passenger’s seat. Linda’s expression was complicated. She took a breath in and opened the door herself. One of her legs quickly stepped out. 
Gareth went up to her and stopped her in an instant. “Wait.” 
Linda’s eyes flashed. She looked at the man subconsciously with some disbelief in her eyes. She said in a trembling voice, “Are you shunning me because that night, those men almost…” 
Her face was pale, and she looked at Gareth seeming as though she had tears in her eyes. 
Gareth wrinkled his brows slightly. “Don’t let your imagination run wild.” 
Linda’s lashes trembled, and her tears suddenly fell. “I know that… I’m not worthy of you. But on that day, I wasn’t…” 
She couldn’t go on. 
Gareth furrowed his brows. “I’m not trying to shun you. I’m afraid that you’re traumatized from what happened that day, so I’m not approaching you.” 
Astonishment flickered across Linda’s eyes. She had just looked down, only to look up abruptly. She asked hopefully, “Really?” 
Gareth was feeling conflicted. He was feeling indescribably fidgety. He thought that it was only right for him to carry her to the hospital when she had problems since she was his savior. But now, he didn’t
even want to touch her. 
“Mm.” Gareth nodded with ease. 
Linda suddenly came to her senses, and she was moved. “Garry, you’re so considerate.” 
Gareth looked away. He didn’t want to look at her eyes that were feeling touched. It seemed as though he was feeling guilty for lying to her. 
Linda hesitated for a moment before saying, “Actually, I don’t…” 
Gareth nodded indifferently but didn’t carry her. Instead, he looked at Norman’s car impatiently. It wasn’t even that far. Why was he driving so slowly? 
It was as though Norman could feel Gareth’s ferocious, slightly impatient gaze. He didn’t dare stop any longer and sped up at once. 
Rose’s expression changed. “What are you doing? Didn’t you want to go slow!” 
“I can’t go any slower. Can’t you see that Gareth is impatient? He just doesn’t want to carry Linda today. Did he injure his hand?” 
“Huh…?” Rose looked at Gareth’s hand subconsciously, but they were too far away, and she couldn’t see anything. She said obliviously, “Perhaps he did. If he did hurt his wrist or his arm, he can’t carry Linda.” 
“Never mind. Maybe he just wants to avoid arousing suspicion. After all, they’re not married. Perhaps he’s afraid that we would overthink. It’s fine, I’ll carry my beloved daughter.” 
Norman got out of the car after that.
He walked over quickly and smiled. “Thank you for your trouble, Mr. Wickam. I received some good wine recently. Why don’t you stay and try it out, Mr. Wickam?” 
“I still have things to do at the office. I’ll try it next time.” Gareth’s voice was flat. He didn’t pay attention to anything else. Seeing that Norman had carried Linda out, he closed the car door and drove away. 
But before he left, he saw that Linda was reluctant to part with him, but she still slowly decided to support his decisions. 
Gareth had complicated feelings. He stepped on the gas but when he reached a red light, his car stopped slowly. But… he never thought that the car behind him would suddenly rush forward. 
Only the crashing sound was heard. 
Bang! 
Gareth’s face darkened immediately. 
But when he saw a familiar figure get down from the white BMW behind him, his wrinkled brows were suddenly relaxed.
###chapter278
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 278
Chapter 278 Distinguish Personal and Work Affairs 
After the woman got out of the car, she didn’t walk in Gareth’s direction. Instead, she walked to the back, and her delicate brows furrowed slightly. Gareth felt like something was wrong, so he got out of the car. 
He realized that the car behind her was going too fast. After it crashed into her, she only crashed into him because of inertia. 
The owner of the third car had gotten out of his car. With one look, he was a greasy, middle-aged man with a big belly. Seeing Elisa’s pretty appearance, the rage he was mulling over suddenly disappeared. He smiled gently. “So, it was a pretty lady who was driving. It’s only understandable that you would brake so suddenly.” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows. “So I’m at fault for your tailgating?” 
“It’s clear that you slid and crashed into my car after crashing into the car in front of you. You see, my car and the car in front of you are of considerable cost. Even if you sell your little BMW, it’s not enough to compensate us. Why don’t you come with me, and I’ll pay for all your expenses this time?” 
Gareth’s expression became unbelievably sharp in an instant as he directed it straight at the man. The middle-aged man suddenly shivered, and his gaze fell unconsciously on Gareth. When the man realized who Gareth was, his expression changed. The next instant, he respectfully walked over while flattering Gareth. “Wow! What a coincidence that I met you here, Mr. Wickam. This is the greatest achievement of my lifetime! I’m Jasper Marshall from Hythe Group.” 
Elisa’s figure froze in an instant. Mr. Wickam?
She looked over subconsciously. Astonishment streaked across her eyes when she saw that it was Gareth. 
She had been behind the black car, but she didn’t take notice of the car plate. When she looked over again, it really was his car. 
Elisa was a little dazed. Was this an ill-fated relationship? 
A never-ending ill-fated relationship? 
Gareth stared at the man, ignoring his intentions. His pointed glance was as sharp as a blade. In a flash, he looked at Elisa as obvious impatience flickered across his eyes. 
The skirt she was wearing wasn’t from him. 
Elisa was still feeling a little awkward from his kiss that day. She averted her eyes as she took out her cell phone to call the police. But before she could make the call, she suddenly noticed that a traffic police officer nearby was already making his way over. Elisa immediately spoke up. “Hello, officer. I have a dashcam. Please help us determine who is at fault.” 
The traffic police officer nodded in agreement. After checking, he immediately assigned blame. 
Jasper was fully to blame. 
Dark malice streaked across the man’s eyes. He looked unconsciously at Elisa, whose shapely body couldn’t be hidden. He would make this woman his own one day. 
There wasn’t a woman he couldn’t conquer! 
But he sensed a murderous gaze from his side. The man thought that Gareth was impatient, so he said at once, “Alright, alright. I’ll admit that I’m at fault.”
If it wasn’t for Gareth, he would have thought of a way to make Elisa admit fault because, from how he saw it, Elisa couldn’t afford to compensate them. 
Soon, the cars were shifted to one side so the insurance company could tow them away. 
Elisa was about to get a cab when her cell phone rang. She answered the call. 
“Where are you?” Carle’s voice sounded exceptionally gentle. 
Elisa didn’t answer. She asked, “Is something wrong?” 
“Semoa Group is in some trouble for a recent case. Can I talk about it with you?” 
Elisa’s eyes shook a little. Although she was avoiding Carle, it didn’t mean that she couldn’t distinguish her personal and work affairs.
###chapter279
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 279
Chapter 279 In a Refrigerator 
Carle was a good friend of hers, so she would naturally want to help. She answered, “Yes. Do you want to talk about it now?” 
“Mm. I’m on the way. I wanted to send the document to your law firm and talk about the specifics with you.” 
At that point, Gareth and Jasper hadn’t left. Gareth had already made a call for someone to pick him up. 
Jasper had wanted to curry favor with Gareth, so he didn’t dare leave. But Gareth was clearly impatient. He turned to look at Jasper. “You’re very annoying.” 
Jasper’s expression changed. In an instant, he had nothing but rage in his heart. 
He had humbled himself, but Gareth said such a thing to him. Did Gareth think he was so great just because he was rich? 
But Jasper only dared to think about it. He apologized at once. “I apologize. I’m sorry, Mr. Wickam. I’ll keep quiet and won’t say a word!” 
In an instant, there was silence, and Gareth could finally hear what Elisa was saying. He saw as she looked around before speaking slowly. 
“Then… you can come pick me up. I’ll send my location to you. Let’s talk about it on the way.” 
“Alright.” 
Elisa hung up and sent her location to Carle.
Carle was a little surprised that she was so close by. He immediately sent her a voice message. 
“I’m nearby. The traffic in front is quite bad. Please wait for a while.” 
Elisa replied before keeping her cell phone. 
From start till finish, she didn’t have the intention to speak to Gareth at all, while his sharp gaze was directed at her all along. Jasper clearly noticed something wasn’t right, so he looked at Gareth and asked skeptically, “Are you interested in that woman, Mr. Wickam? If you like her, I have a way.” 
There was a short distance between them and Elisa. She didn’t hear what they said. The coldness around Gareth intensified. 
“You’re dead if you dare lay a finger on her!” Gareth said before he walked to Elisa. 
Jasper was startled. Was it possible that the two of them knew each other? That’s right, if they didn’t know each other, why would the two of them be standing one in front of the other? 
While Elisa was waiting, she suddenly noticed that the sharp gaze behind her was getting closer and closer. She turned subconsciously and happened to see Gareth’s figure that was walking over. 
Elisa’s lashes trembled a little. But she thought about how they were on the main street, and he couldn’t do anything to her, so she stood at her spot and didn’t move. 
Gareth looked at her coldly and said in a frosty voice, “Elisa, did you not listen to a single word of my warning?” 
Elisa looked at him, and her expression was exceptionally serene. “Must I listen to Mr. Wickam’s warning?”
Even without Gareth stating clearly, Elisa knew that there were so many trending topics because she had been too close with Will recently. 
The coldness on Gareth’s face became stronger. He even had the urge to choke this woman to death right now! 
He said coldly, “If you don’t want me to go overboard, you better know your place, Elisa. Otherwise, you’ll find out the consequences!” 
The threatening and admonishing tone was apparent, but Elisa glanced at him, unconcerned. 
She didn’t have a single relative. Even the grandmother that she cared about the most was his biological grandmother. What could he threaten her with? 
She loved him in the past, and she was willing to take everything. But now, who was he to her? 
Seeing that Elisa was completely ignoring him, the rage in Gareth’s heart suddenly exploded. The coldness around Elisa made her feel like she was in a refrigerator. 
She turned and saw Carle’s car driving over. She waved at him at once and walked over quickly.
###chapter280
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 280
Chapter 280 A Sure Win 
Gareth was now a mad man. She didn’t want to stay next to this stubborn man. 
She knew that Gareth didn’t want her and Will to interact frequently because Grandma and Grandpa valued her. If she really followed Will’s path, he might easily tackle Wickam Group. Grandma and Grandpa might let go of her, and it might inflict heavy losses on Wickam Group. This was something Gareth couldn’t allow to happen at all. 
Even if Gareth didn’t warn her about it, she herself understood it well. Even if it were for Grandma and Grandpa’s sake, she definitely wouldn’t do anything that was detrimental to Wickam Group. 
Gareth’s expression was chilly. They were on the main street, so he didn’t want to argue too much with her. Furthermore, he had more important things to do at the moment. 
But… when he looked at the car that had stopped, Gareth clearly realized who the person in the driver’s seat was. 
Gareth… was so angry he started laughing. 
Why didn’t he realize earlier that Elisa had so many tricks up her sleeve that made so many men revolve around her? 
Elisa didn’t look at Gareth. She asked as soon as she got into the car. “Let’s go.” 
Carle evidently noticed Gareth’s figure. He asked a little strangely, “Why were you with him?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. “I was at the traffic light earlier. There was a car that rear-ended me, so my car rear-ended his. I only noticed that he was in the car in front of me when I got out of the car.”
Carle nodded. He tried to hold back the deep affection in his eyes. 
Elisa turned to look at him. “Tell me about your problem.” 
“The document is in the glove compartment in front of you. Take a look.” As Carle was driving, he asked in a gentle voice, “Are we going to your law firm now?” 
“No, let’s just look for a place nearby,” Elisa responded before taking the file out. 
She didn’t want to let too many people see the two of them together, just like her and Will. But Will now had a motive. He was like a fraudster. She couldn’t shake him off. 
“Alright.” Carle continued driving as he looked for a place. 
Elisa carefully looked at the content of the document. 
The document had about ten pages. There were many words on each page. Until Carle found a place, she hadn’t finished reading. 
Carle had already parked the car and was about to get out of the car when Elisa suddenly said, “Don’t get down. Let’s just stay here for now.” 
Surprise flickered across Carle’s eyes. Actually… he didn’t want to get out of the car either. In that small space with just the two of them, he could look at her gorgeous face and eyes upclose and take in her beauty… 
In that moment, she was his to behold. 
He didn’t say a word. His gaze was gentle. He didn’t intentionally stare at her because he didn’t want to make her feel uncomfortable.
Elisa only finished reading the document around fifteen minutes later. 
To her, this was a simple case. She looked at Carle. “You can win the case. But you’re fine with the other party just giving you the space? They’re very bossy. It would be easy for them to compensate you.” 
Carle smiled. “I know, but my dad doesn’t want to go up too forcefully against the other party. Some relationships are tangled and complicated.” 
Elisa nodded. Her gaze was serious as she looked at Carle. “Then it would be simpler. For this case, Rachel can represent you. I’ll tell her what to do. She’ll win it for sure. It can even develop her skills.”
###chapter281
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 281
Chapter 281 You’re Not a Fish. How Would You Know the Joy of a Fish? 
Carle’s eyes flashed a little. Rachel… 
As a friend, he was willing to let Rach represent him to help her develop her skills. But he would lose out on an opportunity to be alone with Liz. 
His eyes were clearly convoluted. It seemed as though Elisa didn’t know what he was thinking about. She chuckled as she said, “You’re my friend. I won’t deceive you. I wouldn’t let you do something like that unless I was sure about it. Why don’t you give Rach a chance to develop her skills?” 
Carle sighed and nodded. “Alright.” 
Elisa put the document back into the file. She said casually, “Great. Give this document to Rach later or send her a soft copy. I’ll explain it to her in detail when the time comes.” 
Carle pursed his lips. He looked at Elisa. “Liz, Will is a very dangerous person.” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “I never wanted to get close to him at all. He keeps dragging me along so he can get revenge on Wickam Group. Don’t worry. I know what to do.” 
Carle sighed gently. At that moment, it seemed like he couldn’t quite hold back the deep affection in his heart. He finally said softly, “Liz, I know that I cause you a lot of stress. If I say what I feel, you will want to avoid me unconsciously. But what I want to tell you today is that I love you above all else. You are the most important person in my life. Without you, I’m afraid I can’t go on.” 
Elisa’s expression changed a little, and her gaze was complicated. She was afraid of this happening when she spent time alone with Carle.
Without waiting for her to think about it, Carle suddenly spoke up once again. “Liz, I don’t want you to feel like my love for you is a burden. I won’t force you to consider me, nor will I cause you stress all the time. I just wanted to say, if there comes a day when you’re exhausted and really need support, I can lend you my shoulder, because it belongs to only you.” 
The perplexed expression in Elisa’s eyes intensified. She shook her head subconsciously. “Carle, I know the feelings you have for me. But sometimes, you really can’t force things like this. I would rather be your friend. Moreover… with my current situation, I’m not worthy to be with you.” 
“You are! I’m the one who isn’t worthy to be with you. I’m the one who’s climbing up socially…” Carle was feeling a little down. He hung his head slightly as he spoke. 
Elisa sighed. “Carle, you deserve better. After I went through the heartbreak, I don’t want to get married again. My feelings were all wasted on Gareth. I will never have that new feeling again. Carle, this is unfair to you. I don’t want us to go from friends to rigid lovers.” 
Carle’s lashes trembled. Even though he knew that Elisa would turn him down, he was still unable to prepare himself for it. Once again, his heart was in extreme pain, as if it were pierced by a needle. 
Carle took a deep breath in and nodded in the end. “Liz, no matter when it is, I’ll be behind you, but I hope that you can give me a chance. I don’t ask for you to get into a relationship with me right now, but in the future, if there’s a day that you want to date, please consider me first?” 
“Carle…” The guilt in Elisa’s eyes was mixed with exasperation. 
But before she could continue, Carle said, “Liz, this is my only wish. I don’t need you to accept me in the future. I just want to be your first consideration. I’ll wait for you.” 
“Carle, like I said, don’t wait for me. You…”
Once again, before she could finish her sentence, Carle looked at her affectionately. “You’re not a fish. How would you know the joy of a fish?”
###chapter282
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 282
Chapter 282 Are You Confident? 
Elisa closed her eyes and leaned back in her chair. In the end, she said with some difficulty, “Okay.” 
From today onward, she was afraid that she would have to avoid Carle. He was still a friend that meant a lot to her, but she didn’t want to interact with him so often. This would only bring him too much hope and disappointment. 
Carle’s lips slowly curved on his good-looking face. There was a light that couldn’t be captured deep in his eyes. He looked at her and said in a gentle voice, “Thank you, Liz.” 
Elisa’s lashes trembled. She paused for a moment before saying softly, “Take me to the law firm, please.” 
“Alright.” 
Carle obeyed. Elisa’s feelings were in a mess. 
If she met Carle first, would she have been in less sadness and pain? Would she not have to experience Gareth’s coldness? 
Would she have been able to walk steadily with Carle for the rest of their lives? 
It was a shame that destiny had a wicked sense of humor. She was destined to walk her path, and she was destined to go through seven emotions and six desires. 
On the way, the two of them didn’t speak. When they reached the law firm, she got out of the car. She smiled as she looked at Carle. “Be careful on your way back. Also, don’t forget to contact Rach.”
“Alright.” There was a sliver of a warm smile in the corner of Carle’s lips. Other than his confession just now, he had a particularly easygoing air to him. It wouldn’t stress anyone out. 
He was as warm as jade and had classic good looks. 
Elisa had a complicated expression. He deserved to be with a good lady, not a broken being like her. 
Elisa got out of the car and didn’t look back at Carle, leaving him with her heartless figure. 
The stabbing pain in Carle’s heart spread throughout his body in an instant, but he didn’t want to upset Liz, so he drove away at once. 
Elisa went to the office. Charli wasn’t around; she must have been away for some matters. Elisa sat down in her seat, and her expression was silent and complicated. 
Her head lay on the back of the chair as she slowly closed her eyes. 
Elisa muddled through the rest of the day. The next day, Rachel called her early in the morning. Elisa had washed up and picked up the call. 
“Babe, are you ready? I’ll come pick you up, alright? I heard that your car was in an accident?” Rachel was energetic, and her voice sounded quite excited. 
She thought that Carle must have contacted Rachel. She answered, “Mm. You can come over.” 
The car repairs were going to take a few days. For the next few days, she resumed her previous inconvenience when she had to leave the house. 
“Oh yeah, do you want to eat breakfast? Should I get something for you?” Rachel said as she picked up her car keys and headed down.
Elisa looked at the time on her cell phone. “I’ll prepare breakfast. Come over so we can eat together. There’s enough time.” 
“Ooh! That sounds good! Wait for me, I’ll reach in fifteen minutes!” 
There was a short distance between Rachel and Elisa’s house. Elisa scratched her brows and hung up after she responded. As soon as she finished preparing breakfast, there was a knock at the door. 
Elisa opened the door quickly, and Rachel walked in as she started to look around willfully. 
“Did you make oats? It looks good!” 
“Mm.” 
She made overnight oats by soaking oats in the fridge the night before. 
“I’m so lucky to have a friend like you!” 
Her voice was filled with excitement, and her eyes were joyful. 
Elisa served up the overnight oats and glanced at her. “Are you confident about Carle’s case?”
###chapter283
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 283
Chapter 283 She Actually Appeared in Front of Him? 
“With you, what do I have to worry about? I’ve told him to arrange the time. After the matter with Mr. Lee is settled, I want to consult you.” 
“Okay.” 
After they finished their breakfast, Elisa cleaned the kitchen and changed before they left. 
Rachel’s driving was steady. Her eyes were curious when she said, “When Mr. Lee tricked me at first, I was livid. Now that I can get a few hundred million from him, I feel like it isn’t enough!” 
Elisa’s lips curved slightly. “Mr. Lee is a typical vile character. I wanted to help you make a comeback, but I was worried that he would scheme against you at a later stage. Making him suffer a little loss so you can take the money instead is a form of your compensation.” 
Rachel suddenly smiled and nodded. “Haha, thinking about the money he will be losing, I bet he feels like crying. Even if I can’t do anything to him, at least he’ll feel upset.” 
Elisa smiled and didn’t say anything. Soon, the two of them reached court. As the lawyer that Mr. Lee hired, Elisa sat on the plaintiff’s side. 
As for Rachel, she sat in the public stands of the courtroom. 
Charli knew that the case today was just a minor one, so she didn’t plan on attending. 
When Mr. Lee saw Elisa, he suddenly rushed forward excitedly and spoke respectfully. “Ms. Benett, you’re here! With you here, I don’t have to worry at all.”
Elisa’s lips curved slightly. “This is what I should be doing. But according to our discussion, you can’t interfere no matter how much compensation I ask for. You won’t regret it, won’t you, Mr. Lee?” 
“Of course not! No matter how much you get, it’s all thanks to your ability, Ms. Benett. I won’t take a single cent of it.” Mr. Lee was about to beat his chest to prove it to her. 
At the same time, he wanted to curry favor with Elisa, so even if it was a few hundred million, he would be willing to give it up. 
Elisa smiled and nodded. She sat naturally in her seat, while Mr. Lee sat next to her, grinning. 
At the time, spectators were slowly walking in. Soon, the defendant appeared. 
Looking at the man with a big belly, Elisa’s eyes suddenly sank. 
She just saw this man yesterday. It was the man who rear-ended her, wanted to blame her, and wanted to snag her! 
Elisa’s expression suddenly became sharper. It was a good time to settle an old score and a new enemy. 
With a belly that looked about ten months pregnant, Jasper slowly walked to his seat and sat down, looking very lofty, closely followed by a male lawyer who sat beside him. 
Jasper scoffed coldly. “It’s that stupid and senseless Ben Lee who wants to sue me. If the other party has ridiculous requests, get them to compensate me when you file a countercharge. Let them feel my power!” 
The lawyer promptly nodded in agreement. “Alright, Mr. Marshall. Don’t worry.”
Jasper smiled, feeling pleased with himself. He looked in the direction of Ben but… when he realized that there was a woman sitting next to Ben, he looked over with surprise. 
Seeing the woman’s gorgeous and lonely face, Jasper was startled. Wasn’t this the pretty lady that he rear-ended yesterday? He couldn’t win her over yesterday, and he felt an itch in his heart. His dreams were filled with scenes of him conquering this woman. But now… she actually appeared in front of him? 
Jasper smiled as he looked at the nameplate in front of her. 
He wanted to see what kind of person this girl was! 
At the same time, Jasper’s lawyer looked at the lawyer on the opposite side, wanting to see what the other party’s lawyer was like so that certain judgments could be made during negotiations.
###chapter284
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 284
Chapter 284 Ten Times the Amount 
The both of them looked at the nameplate in front of her at the same time. 
When they saw her name, it was as if they had been struck by lightning. 
Elisa Benett! 
How could it be her? 
Jasper and his lawyer were dumbstruck. 
At this moment, Ben, who was sitting next to Elisa, couldn’t control his laughter. 
He felt great! 
Jasper went crazy when he came to his senses. 
He looked furiously at Ben. Even if he didn’t say anything, his furious eyes expressed everything. 
It was as if he was saying, Ben! Didn’t you say that the relationship between you and Elisa wasn’t working out back then? Didn’t you say that Elisa didn’t take your case? Why is Elisa here now? 
At that moment, Jasper had called Ben all sorts of names in his heart. 
Ben’s eyes were nothing but slits because he was beaming so happily. 
He grinned as he looked at Elisa. “Ms. Benett, it’s all thanks to you. If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t be having such an exuberant day!” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “It’s what I should do.”
Ben was dumbstruck. 
Nonsense! 
If this woman wasn’t so excellent, why would he willingly suffer? 
He didn’t even care about losing money! 
Because of his relationship with Elisa, he could probably earn the money back with even more profits. He was a businessman who prioritized benefits. The woman before him could bring him uncountable benefits, so he naturally wanted to maintain the relationship with her and win favor with this woman. 
The next instant, his face was filled with his smile. “Don’t say that. It’s a huge blessing from the heavens that you can help me.” 
Elisa’s lips twitched, but she didn’t say anything. 
On the other side… 
The forehead of Jasper’s lawyer was filled with cold sweat. In the beginning, he vowed solemnly to Jasper that they definitely would be able to win and that the other party wouldn’t find a single loophole. 
But now… it was Elisa! He didn’t have the confidence from before. The contract was written by him. When the time came, would Jasper ask him to pay? 
The lawyer looked frantically at Jasper and said while trembling with fear, “Mr. Lee, I… this time… I can only try my best, I…” 
Actually, even if he didn’t say anything, Jasper knew that they were bound to lose the case today! 
Jasper’s face was ashen. He didn’t say a word. His eyes were filled with rage as if he could burn Ben alive in the next moment.
Rachel was sitting in the public stands, and at this moment, she couldn’t help but sigh. She felt so happy with such a great rock to rely on. 
She could leave the house freely in the future! 
Even the people in the public stands felt like there was a show to watch today. 
Even those on Jasper’s side… were slightly rejoicing in his misfortune. After all, they weren’t really related. To them, a few hundred million wasn’t a lot. What they were focused on instead was the point of interest of this matter. 
As everyone was anticipating, the judge appeared, and everyone rose up. 
At this moment, Jasper’s lawyer couldn’t hold himself back and wiped the sweat off his forehead… 
He was bound to lose this case, but he was afraid that the old man would later lay his hands on him. 
D*mn it. 
D*mn it! 
Why was he going up against Elisa? 
Time passed, and the case officially started. 
“Plaintiff, do you have anything to state?” 
Elisa spoke calmly. “The plaintiff has been used and deceived in this case. For this, we have the right to ask the defendant for a compensation of ten times the amount.”
###chapter285
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 285
Chapter 285 That Was What He Was Waiting For 
Everyone’s eyes widened. 
The case had just been presented, so everybody knew that the amount of compensation was four hundred million. 
With ten times the amount, that would mean four billion! 
Ben’s eyes were round as he looked disbelievingly at Elisa. 
She actually wanted such a big amount of compensation? 
Would it really work? 
In the next moment, he felt like his heart was bleeding. If he had known earlier that Elisa and Rachel had such a good relationship, he wouldn’t have made things difficult for Rachel. Otherwise, this four billion would have belonged to him. 
Rachel was also shocked beyond words. In an instant, she was pleasantly surprised. What the heck! Liz was so amazing! 
As for Jasper… 
After he heard it, his face turned green. 
If it was another lawyer, they would have laughed in disdain. But who were they going up against? It was freaking Elisa! Elisa Benett! 
While everyone was in disbelief, Elisa started to elaborate. She spoke with definite evidence, and there wasn’t a chance to at all.
Everything she said was in accordance with the law. It was impossible to find fault with her. 
Ben thought that it was absurd. In front of Elisa, other than her nameplate, there wasn’t a single draft of paper. 
Evidence was handed to the judge. Everything she wanted to say was from memory. 
As for Jasper’s lawyer, he came armed, but he couldn’t to anything Elisa was saying. 
Elisa looked at him indifferently, and her expression was calm. “That’s all from me.” 
A court official glanced in the direction of Jasper. “The defendant may speak.” 
Jasper took a slight breath in. He turned to look at his lawyer and said softly. “I know that you can’t win this case, but you must lessen my losses! No one can go up against Elisa. I won’t make trouble for you. You must try your best!” 
Hearing that, the lawyer suddenly sighed in relief. He promptly nodded before speaking into the microphone. “The defendant s. These are our points.” 
Since it was Jasper’s personal lawyer, he only became Jasper’s trusted lawyer because he had some skills. He did bring up many opposing points, but… 
Everything he brought up was ed to by Elisa. There wasn’t a chance for him to refute at all. 
Although Ben felt like his heart was bleeding, he was elated. 
At the very least, after what happened today, everyone would know that he had connections with Elisa, so when they wanted to partner with him, they wouldn’t try to deceive him.
Ben had resources that needed businessmen to partner with him, but they never wanted to pay so much. They would rather take advantage of loopholes. Ben had been suffering in silence for a long time. 
Meanwhile, Rachel sat in the public stands with her eyes shining. 
Four billion! 
Ten times the amount! She was so happy she could die. 
When the judge made the final judgment, the case ended completely, with Jasper being ordered to pay the compensation amount as stipulated by Elisa. 
After the judge left, Ben was beaming so widely that his smile almost reached his ears. With gratitude, he looked at Elisa. “Ms. Benett, thank you so much!” 
Elisa smiled. “You’re welcome, Mr. Lee. Although the money isn’t going to you this time, if you have any difficulties in the future, I won’t watch you die if I can help it.” 
At once, Ben was overjoyed! That was what he had been waiting for! 
Four billion was replaced with an amazing big shot like Elisa. It was worth it! 
They spoke as they walked out. At this time, Jasper also walked out. His malicious gaze was directed straight at Elisa.
###chapter286
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 286
Chapter 286 Handed off to an Enemy 
“That was impressive, Ms. Benett,” Jasper said to Elisa as he suppressed his rage. 
Elisa turned to look at Jasper. Seeing his expression that looked like he wanted to rip her into pieces, Elisa said calmly, “I’m flattered, Mr. Marshall.” 
Ben grinned as he looked at Jasper. “I’ll wait for the money, Mr. Marshall.” 
Jasper snorted loudly before he left. 
Ben beamed as he looked at Elisa. “Ms. Benett, this lawsuit happened because of me. I definitely won’t let Jasper lay a finger on you. If you need anything in the future, feel free to let me know!” 
Elisa smiled. “Thank you in advance, Mr. Lee.” 
“No problem at all!” Mr. Lee was feeling good. He didn’t feel as upset as he did. 
Elisa spoke to him for a while more before leaving with Rachel. 
Rachel was about to die of laughter at this point. 
She was ecstatic. “Liz, you’re amazing! Four billion! You asked for such a big amount!” 
Elisa’s expression was calm. “Mm. It’s all for you.” 
“Oh my god! For me?” Rachel was dazed. “You’re crazy, why are you giving me so much money that I don’t need? Furthermore…” 
“Since I’m giving it to you, just take it. It’s for you to keep an eye out for yourself in the future.”
“D*mn! You can just freely give me so much money. You must be so rich, boss!” Rachel was envious beyond belief. 
Elisa’s lips twitched. She had never been short of money. So when Gareth told her to name a price, she found it hilarious. From start to end, he had always felt like she was a greedy and vain person. 
“No, I can’t take this money, Liz. Moreover, I don’t need the money. At most, I won’t return the one million that you gave me. You’re the one who’s helping me this time. If you give me the money, I feel like we can’t be friends anymore. I’ll cut things off with you!” 
She didn’t need Liz to provide for her. Even if they were friends, she couldn’t use Liz’s money like that. 
It was okay to help in an emergency, but never to take advantage! 
Hearing her say that, Elisa nodded in the end. “Alright. If you have any difficulties in the future, let me know any time.” 
“Alright!” Rachel beamed instantly. 
Elisa and Rachel were walking together. Elisa’s expression was calm as she said, “I’m going back to Benett Corporation.” 
“You’re going back so quickly? When you go back, you’ll face all sorts of schemes and ploys, you…” Rachel couldn’t go on. There was nothing but worry in her eyes. 
Elisa nodded. “I have to go back sooner or later, so I might as well go back soon. I can’t let them continue on so savagely. What belongs to me is mine.” 
She definitely couldn’t let all her father’s effort and energy go to waste or see it handed off to an enemy!
Rachel sighed, frustrated. “Then be careful. If there’s any problems, let us know. My dad is after me, so I can’t help with anything too big, but Carle and Sheen can help!” 
Until now, Rachel still wanted Elisa and Carle to get married. 
Elisa knew what she was thinking about, but since Rachel didn’t elaborate, Elisa didn’t say anything. She nodded. “I just went to Benett Corporation. Even if Uncle Norman is doing it for his reputation, he won’t dare to make things too difficult for me.” 
Rachel furrowed her brows. “Even so, you should still be careful.” 
Elisa nodded and didn’t say anything. 
But the news about her representing Ben spread. 
At this moment, Thomas was in Gareth’s office.
###chapter287
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 287
Chapter 287 Her Dad’s Hard Work! 
“Mr. Wickam, there was a lawsuit between Ben and Jasper today. Ben won.” 
Gareth wrinkled his brows slightly. He looked at Thomas. Although he didn’t explicitly say it, his meaning was clear. Did Thomas really have to report such things to him? 
Thomas rubbed the tip of his nose and continued, “The lawyer who represented Ben was Ms. Benett.” 
Gareth’s brows instantly froze. He immediately thought of the last time Elisa was interviewed by the media. The man standing behind her was Ben. 
Thomas understood what Gareth meant and continued reporting. 
“Ben looked for Ms. Markee at first and wanted to trick her. He used the excuse of Ms. Markee losing to get compensation of fifty million to recover from his losses. Ms. Benett helped Ms. Markee get out of that and asked for this agreement. The news I heard from Ben’s side was that the four billion that they received will be given to Ms. Benett.” 
Gareth’s brows furrowed. She was taking revenge on Rachel’s behalf so that Ben wouldn’t have anything. 
He had previously asked Elisa to name a figure, but she earned a few billion so easily. 
Gareth raised his hand and pressed the bridge of his nose. “I understand.” 
Thomas nodded. That was all he had to report. He had nothing else to say, so he left. 
Gareth was the only one left in the office.
His expression was calm, but there was an infinite convoluted mess deep in his eyes. A moment later, his cell phone rang with notifications. 
—Vincent: ‘Bro, your ex-wife is always making big waves. Even if she left the marriage with nothing, she isn’t short of money. With this lawsuit alone, she earned four billion.’ 
—Jeremy: ‘Gareth, there are some things that you really need to reconsider.’ 
Jeremy always spoke in a direct manner, but now… 
He had repeated himself three times over what happened between Gareth and Elisa. 
Even though he never elaborated, but… he would never talk about something three times. 
It was needless to say how important this was. 
Gareth wrinkled his brows and finally replied. 
—Gareth: ‘I know what to do.’ 
With that, he put his cell phone down. He picked up his pen and wanted to continue working, but he couldn’t comprehend a single word on his documents. What was in his mind was Elisa looking brave and formidable with her sharp tongue in court. 
It was impossible to get rid of the memory of that day in his mind. 
… 
After Elisa and Rachel parted ways, Elisa called Norman. 
Norman chuckled as he answered the call. “Hey Liz, why did you suddenly call your Uncle Norman for?”
Elisa smiled. “I was afraid that you were busy, so I didn’t want to disturb you. I called you because I was wondering if I can come into the office tomorrow?” Elisa asked in a polite manner. 
Norman’s expression froze, but he guffawed in the next instant. “Of course! Good girl, you’re finally willing to come into the office. Come to the office as usual tomorrow. Your cousin will personally bring you around. You can just meet her at the office tomorrow.” 
“Alright.” Unexpectedly, Elisa asked, “Is Linda doing alright? Can she go to the hospital?” 
“Ah, your cousin is too strong-willed. She didn’t want to delay her work, so she came to work in a wheelchair. Her secretary looks after her.” In other words, Linda was working very hard. 
Elisa responded. “I see. So I’ll be coming over tomorrow. Sorry to trouble you and Linda.” 
“Haha, silly girl, why are you so formal with your uncle? Liz, Uncle Norman has something to do right now, so I’ll contact you again tomorrow.” 
“Alright.” 
The two of them hung up. Elisa looked at her cell phone and pondered. 
The night was particularly quiet. Elisa slept extremely well. When she got up in the morning, she got ready and left because she was going to work. 
She was going back to Benett Corporation! 
This was her dad’s hard work!
###chapter288
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 288
Chapter 288 Why Was There This Formality? 
On the way, Elisa’s brows were furrowed as though she was thinking about something. Her mood gradually recovered as the car was parked, and she reached the entrance of the company. She didn’t recover mindlessly, but she wanted to display calmness deliberately. 
Just as she was about to call Linda, Linda’s gentle voice came from behind her. “Liz.” 
Elisa turned and saw Linda sitting in a wheelchair and smiling at her. 
There was a female secretary behind Linda who was pushing Linda in Elisa’s direction. 
Elisa nodded. “Uncle Norman said that you’re working while you’re still frail. Why don’t you come back after you’ve fully recovered?” 
Linda giggled as she nodded. “How am I frail? Furthermore, I still have a lot of matters to deal with that cannot be put off. Let’s go, I’ll take you to see your workplace.” 
Scorn flickered across Elisa’s eyes. Linda’s relapse was fake. She did that so that others would know that she didn’t delay work just because she was injured. She wanted others to know that she had a tenacious nature and that she was a responsible person. 
Pfft… 
Elisa nodded and didn’t say a word. The secretary pushed Linda forward. 
When people in the office saw Linda, they greeted her enthusiastically one by one. “Ms. Benett.” 
“Ms. Benett.” 
“Ms. Benett! You’re here!”
It came one after another. Elisa knew that not a single one was calling out for her. 
Although this was Benett Corporation, it was Benett Corporation of Uncle Norman’s era. It had nothing to do with her. 
Many who saw her just sized her up and didn’t have any other intentions. 
Linda kept smiling and greeting people on the way, but she didn’t introduce Elisa. 
Linda only smiled and looked at Elisa when they reached the elevator. “Liz, I didn’t introduce them to you. You can’t think highly of your status just because of your identity. You previously said that you didn’t have any opinions about this, didn’t you?” 
Elisa’s heart was filled with scorn. What Linda said and thought was different. But Elisa didn’t care. She thought that it was good. 
She didn’t like people currying favors with her. She thought it was annoying. 
She nodded. “Yes.” 
Disdain streaked across Linda’s eyes. She liked people like Elisa, who did things beyond their means to look impressive. She smiled and nodded. “Alright. But seeing that you’re a famous person, there may be a lot of people who recognize you. I will introduce you to everyone in your department, but Liz, don’t…” 
Linda suddenly smiled. “Look at me, trying to give you directions. You’re so smart. I’m sure you’ll know what to do.” 
Elisa scratched her brows. She looked at the secretary behind Linda, who was looking at Linda with an adoring expression. It seemed like the secretary wasn’t Linda’s confidant. Otherwise, Linda wouldn’t pretend to be so warmhearted.
Soon, the two of them reached the department where Elisa was about to work in. 
Julie Kent, the manager of the department, was waiting at the entrance. Seeing Linda approach, she walked forward and smiled at Linda. “Ms. Benett.” 
Linda smiled and nodded. “Ms. Kent, this is my younger sister, Elisa Benett.” 
Julie looked at Elisa and nodded at her. “Hello, Ms. Elisa.” 
Elisa nodded. “Hello.” 
“Go in,” Linda said as the secretary pushed her forward. Julie followed, and Elisa was the last to enter. 
The space of the department was around a hundred square meters. There were three rows each on both sides, and there were four computers on each row. Every two rows were facing each other, making up eight people per team. 
There were twenty-seven teams so far in the marketing department. 
Everyone in the department was almost there. Seeing that everyone had already started work, Julie went in and raised her hands to clap lightly. “Everyone, let me introduce a new colleague.” 
Everyone looked up, a little baffled. Do new colleagues need to be introduced? 
In the past, the manager would only get the team leader, Kira Fowler, or any other colleague, to take newcomers to their seats. Why was there this formality today? 
While thinking about it, many had already looked up.
###chapter289
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 289
Chapter 289 To Be More Calculating Than Her 
When they saw Elisa, surprise flickered across their eyes. There were people who recognized her. 
Isn’t… isn’t this the previous boss’ daughter? 
She’s also the ex-wife of Mr. Wickam from Wickam Group, the woman Mr. Darcey is pursuing, and the famous, outstanding, great lawyer, Iris! 
Her identities caused a stir. Most people recognized her. 
Everyone stopped their work and looked in the direction of Elisa. 
There were those who were greeting Linda and Julie. 
“Ms. Benett, Ms. Kent.” 
Here, Linda was also a manager at the audit department and also the superior of Julie, manager of the marketing department. 
But from others’ perspective, Linda was more easygoing. She didn’t like to be called ‘Ma’am’, and she didn’t like empty titles, so she told others to call her ‘Ms. Benett’. 
Linda just smiled and nodded at everyone. “Hello, everyone. The person who will be working with you is my younger sister. I think everyone knows her. But I’m telling you all this today not for you to take extra care of her but to treat her as an ordinary colleague. Just treat her as you would in your daily interactions. She doesn’t need special treatment.” 
Linda’s voice was easygoing, but it had the strictness of an elder sister. The fact that she said this in front of so many people was enough to prove that there wasn’t envy or pettiness between sisters; she
just wanted her younger sister to succeed. 
Elisa stood silently beside Linda and didn’t say anything. 
The staff members nodded. Someone raised their hands to clap. “Welcome!” 
Everyone else followed at once. No matter what, Elisa was from the Benett family. They still had to win her favor a little. 
Elisa nodded at everyone. “Thank you.” 
Linda smiled as she said, “This will do as the welcome ceremony. My sister has a pretty dull personality, so she doesn’t really speak much. You can just ignore it. And remember what I said. Don’t ever take special care of her. She needs to learn through experience. If I find out that anyone has been taking extra care of her, I might fire my sister. She won’t bear any grudges because of this. In fact, if there are people who put her to the test, I will give them a small benefit. Thank you for being by her side as she learns through experience.” 
Scorn flashed across Elisa’s eyes. Even though Linda seemed lenient and generous on the surface, in reality, wasn’t she digging more holes for Elisa? 
In that moment, Lily Dwyer, the assistant manager, suddenly smiled and nodded. “Don’t worry, Ms. Benett. We will remember what you’ve said!” 
Lily had always been a vain opportunist. 
Julie glanced at Lily but didn’t say anything. 
Linda spoke to everyone for a while more before looking at Julie. “Sorry to trouble you, Julie.” 
Julie nodded calmly. “It’s what I should be doing.”
Linda smiled and looked at Elisa. “Good luck, Liz. I believe in you.” 
Elisa nodded obediently. “Thank you for your encouragement, Linda.” 
Even if Elisa didn’t like manipulative b*tches, she had to put on an act at appropriate times. When met with a manipulative b*tch, the only way to beat her was to be more calculating than her. 
Linda nodded in a gratified manner. “All the best, Liz. I believe that you can make it here one day. I’ll be waiting for you!” 
Although Linda said that, Linda was sneering at her. She believed that Elisa wouldn’t even last three months here. 
Even if Elisa had a strong nature, there were performance reviews and evaluations here. She definitely wouldn’t let Elisa successfully finish every task!
###chapter290
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 290
Chapter 290 Try My Best 
Elisa nodded. Linda explained some things and left. 
In the office, some looked down to continue working, while some grinned and greeted Elisa. Elisa was easygoing, but just as Linda said, she didn’t speak much. 
Julie looked at Elisa and said softly, “Ms. Benett, I know that you have a valuable status, but when you’re in my department, I won’t give you special treatment because of your status. Even if Ms. Benett didn’t mention it, I won’t go through the back door. I hope you can understand, Ms. Benett.” 
Julie was a person who clearly separated work and private matters. She was extremely strict at work, and as she said, she wouldn’t let anyone go through the back door, nor would she have any biases against anyone. She concerned herself with facts rather than the person. 
Elisa nodded in agreement. “Of course.” 
Seeing Elisa without any airs, arrogance, or rashness, Julie had a favorable impression of her. She looked at everyone else and said, “Continue working, everyone.” 
Everyone responded before Julie left. 
As for assistant manager Lily, she was thinking about how she could deal with Elisa when she suddenly received a text message that made her afraid to have other thoughts. She immediately went to Linda’s office. 
Soon, she reached Linda’s office. Linda was sitting in front of her office. Lily quickly went over with a flattering smile on her face. “Ms. Benett, were you looking for me?”
Linda smiled and nodded. She said in a gentle voice, “Mm. I was looking for you because I have some things to instruct you.” 
Lily promptly said respectfully, “Please go ahead. I will try my best.” 
Linda giggled and said, “It’s not anything difficult. You don’t have to stress yourself out.” 
Lily breathed a sigh of relief, but she was also feeling excited. 
She had never been to Linda’s office. If there was anything to do, Linda would look for Julie, who was the manager. Linda would never look for her, the second-in-command. Of course she was thrilled to be so lucky to curry favor with the chairman’s daughter. 
“Alright. Please go ahead.” Lily was exceptionally respectful. 
Linda nodded. “My sister came to learn and gain experience. But I’m afraid that some may share her workload to win her favor. Ms. Kent already has enough on her plate, so I hope that you can assign difficult tasks to my sister, Lily. After all, she will manage Benett Corporation in the future. If she’s incapable, she can’t take on anything important.” 
What she said at the end had a deeper meaning. 
Lily had been working here for so many years. She was naturally a street-smart person. 
She smiled and nodded at once. “No problem! I have a few difficult partnerships on hand where she’ll have to run around for business discussions. Don’t worry. I promise that I will take special care of your sister!” 
Lily had always had dishonest intentions and had always wanted to win favors from her superiors. Of course, she had her own capabilities, but it was a shame that it could never surpass Julie.
It was only natural that Linda could capture her heart. Linda chuckled and said, “Work hard. In the future, you may even be the manager of the marketing department. Keep this between us.” 
Lily’s eyes lit up. She nodded and smiled at once. “Alright! Thank you for your encouragement, Ms. Benett. I’ll look for your sister and talk to her now.” 
Linda’s lips curved. “Go ahead. Thank you for your trouble.” 
“No trouble at all!” 
Just like that, Lily walked out with a heart full of anticipation. She could tell that Linda wanted to make things difficult for Elisa so that Elisa would retreat out of defeat and not interfere in Benett Corporation.
###chapter291
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 291
Chapter 291 Linda Making Things Difficult 
If it was before, she might not have thought of it. But from Old Madam Wickam’s birthday feast, she knew that the sisters’ relationship must have cracks. Although Linda meant well on the surface, in reality, she wanted to drive Elisa into a corner. 
It was good that Elisa’s biological grandmother and her uncle didn’t have much affection for her. Even if Elisa was capable, she still had no way to enter the upper level of Benett Corporation. Hmph. Since Linda wanted to promote Lily, of course Lily could do it. The corner of Lily’s lips curved, and there was a vicious smile on her face. 
There were a few cases that could make Elisa admit defeat. At this time, she had returned to her office and prepared to take out those few cases. 
As for Elisa, she was observing the situation around her. Kira waved at Elisa. “Ms. Benett, over here.” 
Elisa looked toward the voice. She noticed a sweet and cute-looking girl smiling and greeting her. Seeing that there was no one sitting next to her, Elisa made her way over. 
Kira was like a fangirl. She looked at Elisa with a face full of adoration and said, “I’m usually the one who arranges the seats of new staff members. It just so happened that there’s an empty seat here. Take a look, Ms. Benett. Are you okay with sitting here?” 
Kira had a pair of pitch-black eyes that looked good. It was clear, and there weren’t any impurities. Elisa liked this girl at first glance. She smiled and nodded. “Sure.” 
Many staff members looked in their direction. There were some who sized up Elisa adoringly. 
Even though she was divorced, this didn’t affect her beauty and her sensual figure. She looked even more attractive in formal wear.
Although Kira admired her and wanted to speak with her idol, she had no choice but to follow company procedures and started to make a brief introduction to Elisa. 
“Ms. Benett, I think you should first understand the workflow in our department. We mainly discuss partnerships. When we discuss certain items, there will be professional staff who go out with the marketing staff for social engagements. The professional staff will speak on the important points, while we oversee speaking about the key focus and thinking of ways to make the other party agree to a partnership with us with the gift of our gab.” 
“Everyone has one hundred points when they join the company. The company will evaluate us each month according to our performance. For newcomers, they have to get at least five partnerships in the first month, eight in the second month, and ten in the third and subsequent months. If there are any less, ten points will be deducted. If all points are deducted, you have to resign on your own accord.” 
Elisa nodded. “Alright.” 
Seeing that she must have researched beforehand, Kira smiled again and said, “Then… Ms. Benett, you can get used to the processes for today. I will give you a few recordings for you to listen to live situations, then arrange for you to follow experienced staff members from our department to go out and learn on the spot.” 
Elisa nodded in agreement. This was the correct process indeed. 
She wasn’t in a rush to do anything on the spot. The two of them exchanged numbers, and she opened the recordings. 
But she had just started listening to it when Lily walked over to her, holding a file of documents. 
Many looked subconsciously at her figure.
Elisa slowly looked up and saw that Lily had walked to her side. Lily tapped her shoulder lightly. “Ms. Elisa, because you’re different from the others, you must go through certain tests. Today Ms. Benett told me that you will manage Benett Corporation in the future and be part of the higher-level management, so…”
###chapter292
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 292
Chapter 292 This Was Actually an Order 
There was a sliver of a smile in the corner of Lily’s mouth. “Ms. Benett hopes that you can be trained properly so that you won’t have any difficulties in the future. Ms. Benett said that this was what was decided upon between the two of you. From now on, I may give you work that is slightly more difficult. I wonder if… you’re willing to take up the challenge?” 
If it weren’t for Linda, they would call Elisa ‘Ms. Benett’. But since there were two Ms. Benetts, they called Elisa ‘Ms. Elisa’ to distinguish the two. 
Kira was a little baffled. “But… Ms. Elisa has just arrived today. I just sent her a few recordings.” 
Lily glanced at Kira. If Lily was promoted to manager, Kira would be the assistant manager. Lily didn’t say anything to Kira. She smiled and looked at Elisa. “Ms. Elisa, you’re different from the rest. Furthermore, Ms. Benett has different expectations for you. So why don’t you think about it and follow the company’s standards with an increased difficulty?” 
It seemed that Lily was being modest, but in reality, she was making things difficult for Elisa. She was raising Elisa on a pedestal so that Elisa would have no way to refuse. 
As for Elisa, she didn’t mind difficult partnerships. She could just complete it one at a time. 
All the staff members in the office looked at Elisa. Would she agree? 
Some started to worry for her. 
“Follow the company’s standards with an increased difficulty.” Kira repeated subconsciously. Her expression was slightly strained and worried as she looked at Elisa. 
This was scary!
Lily smiled and nodded. “That’s right. As usual, five tasks in the first month, eight in the second month, and ten in the subsequent months. But the difficulty of each task will increase.” 
The company didn’t have many permanent staff, but people were willing to wrack their brains and join the company just for the fringe benefits. 
Everyone looked at Elisa, and there was obvious worry in their eyes. 
From what Lily said, it was enough to tell that the tasks awaiting her were definitely not easy. 
Elisa had never been in this field. She had even been a full-time housewife for a few years. Wasn’t this the same as being chased away? The company had a point system. Could she even last two months? 
Just as everyone was watching attentively, Elisa nodded indifferently. “Okay.” 
Kira suddenly widened her eyes. “Ms. Elisa, you…” 
But she didn’t continue after that. Maybe it was what Elisa herself wanted. 
Lily suddenly smiled. “Alright. I will assign all of Ms. Elisa’s tasks from now on. This is your first partnership. You can look at it, then choose a time for discussion.” 
Seeing the files that Lily handed over, Elisa calmly took them from her. Lily smiled at Kira. “Kira, you can explain the specifics to Ms. Elisa so that she can learn the basics, but don’t help her with anything else, alright? I think Ms. Elisa wouldn’t let you help either.” 
It sounded casual and offhand, but this was actually an order. 
Kira could only obey and nod. “Alright…” 
Lily nodded, satisfied. “Everyone else can get back to work.”
Lily left after saying that. The manager and assistant manager had their own personal offices. 
Kira looked at Elisa worriedly. “Ms. Elisa, why didn’t you say anything just now? Tasks from the assistant manager can’t be anything simple.”
###chapter293
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 293
Chapter 293 Why Don’t You Walk Me Through the Process? 
Elisa just smiled. “Ms. Dwyer is right. My cousin wants to train me. If I don’t agree, it’s like a slap on her face. She’s just doing it for my own good. I will try my best.” 
Everyone was startled. Elisa had no particular intention when she said that, but everyone who heard it understood a deeper meaning. 
Linda said that she was doing it for Elisa’s own good, so the difficulty was increased, but if it was too difficult, Elisa was a newcomer after all. How could she complete it? And according to the standard point system of their company, after all of her points had been deducted, she had to leave… 
How would she have a reputation for returning to Benett Corporation? 
She wouldn’t even be able to manage Benett Corporation because she wasn’t qualified. 
Was this a way to keep Elisa far away from Benett Corporation so she couldn’t get a piece of the action? 
In an instant, everyone had a complicated expression. 
But… some believed Linda from start to end, while some didn’t care since it wasn’t happening to them. 
Kira was na?ve and didn’t think too much about it. She sighed, exasperated. “Open the file and look at what your task is. I’ll tell you how you should deal with it.” 
“Thank you,” Elisa said and opened the file. 
When… she saw the two most eye-catching words, Elisa’s eyes dulled.
“Oh my god, Wickam Group! Isn’t Mr. Wickam personally following up on this?” Kira was in a daze as she spoke without any self-control. 
A girl across Elisa was filled with shock. “Oh my god! Ms. Benett, with your relationship with Mr. Wickam… how are you going to complete this task?” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows. She looked at Kira subconsciously. “Gareth is personally following up?” 
Everyone else called Gareth ‘Mr. Wickam’. Only Elisa said his first name freely. 
Some of the girls couldn’t help but envy Elisa. Even though they were divorced, they had relations in the past, so she could call him by his first name openly. 
Of course… what everyone was more focused on was how the two of them were completely incompatible. In the past, Elisa had even made Gareth pay compensation of tens of billions. How would Gareth agree to a partnership with her? 
Kira nodded at once. “Yes.” 
Looking at Elisa’s slightly furrowed brows, Kira spoke up once again. “Ms. Kent and Ms. Dwyer have certain partnerships that staff members like us can never complete, which is why it’s assigned to them. I never imagined that your first task would be so difficult…” 
Some people couldn’t help but say, “Don’t you have five items in a month? Why don’t you let this one go and ask Ms. Dwyer for another item? After all, even if it is of some difficulty, it shouldn’t involve a personal boundary.” 
Someone couldn’t help but retort. “Isn’t that conflicting? Work is work, while personal grudges are personal grudges. I heard that Mr. Wickam has a personality that concerns himself with facts rather than the person.”
“If Ms. Elisa can complete this case, I’m sure it would really convince others!” There was a sliver of scorn in the corner of the girl’s mouth. 
Her name was Alexis Bright. She was a fan of Gareth. She had wanted to work in Wickam Group but to no avail. It was too strict, and she couldn’t enter the company. She couldn’t help but want to pick on Elisa after suddenly seeing Gareth’s ex-wife. 
“I…” Kira was feeling a little conflicted. She seemed to be pondering on Elisa’s behalf. Elisa smiled and looked at her. “Why don’t you walk me through the process?”
###chapter294
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 294
Chapter 294 She Should Look For Gareth 
“Fine.” Kira nodded helplessly. 
She picked up the document and said, “First of all, you’ll need to know all the ins and outs of this project, as well as who was in charge of researching it. Talk to him and get an understanding of it before the negotiation. Here.” 
Kira pointed to a spot on the document where a name and phone number were written. 
“Nick Wilkerson was the guy who spearheaded this project. Have a chat with him too. But as for getting Mr. Wickam to sign off on this… You’re on your own.” 
Many of her colleagues had tried to negotiate with him, but they had all failed. 
As for how Kira found out that Mr. Wickam was in charge of this program, previously, some of her colleagues had tried to negotiate with him, but they had returned after failing. 
Kira then took some time to briefly introduce Elisa to everything. “Thank you.” Elisa nodded gratefully. 
“Don’t worry about it. You’re doing all the heavy lifting for us with having to negotiate with Mr. Wickam.” Kira sighed and shook her head helplessly. There was no chance of Elisa succeeding. 
“Is there a time limit for each project?” She prompted. 
“Nope. As long as you successfully negotiate five projects in a month.” 
“Have Mr. Wickam seen this project before?” 
“He has, but he wasn’t satisfied with it. Mr. Wickam didn’t even want to look at it after Nick spent time amending it.”
They all spared her a sympathetic glance. 
The project was difficult enough as it was, even without Mr. Wickam already giving it a pass. Logically speaking, the project would have been shelved, and it would have never seen the light of day again, and yet now, they’re making Elisa renegotiate it. 
They were blatantly making things difficult for her. 
The fact that Gareth was personally in charge of this project also showed how much this meant to him. 
In any case, Elisa was obviously being set up to fail. All of the people who were staring at her seemed to look conflicting. 
Elisa nodded. “Could I change some things on the project?” 
“You’ll have to talk to Nick about this. If you do decide to change anything, keep in mind that the profit and cost cannot be altered. I’m sure you’re aware of this. The cost can be reduced, but the profit must be high. This cannot affect our company’s reputation.” Kira glanced at Elisa sympathetically. 
“Got it.” Elisa started to look through the project plan. 
Elisa had given the project a brief look through while Kira was explaining things to her. She had immediately noticed some issues. It wasn’t surprising that Gareth had turned it down. 
After this, she would have a chat with the person in charge of this project. 
Elisa dialed Nick’s phone number. 
Nick picked up after a few rings. “Hello. Who am I speaking to?”
“Hi. I’m calling from the marketing department. I’m in charge of the wedding plans you’ve designed, and there are some details I would like to go through with you. Do you have time to come down to the office to have a chat?” 
There was a long pause before he responded, “Mr. Wickam rejected this project a long time ago. And there is no chance of him giving this a second chance? So what is there to go through?” 
Elisa, “…” 
Lily was really doing his best to help Linda. He was trying to force her out of Benett Corporation. 
He’s putting her in charge of an impossible project that was rejected years ago, and he wants her to find the previous project manager to collaborate with? 
Hah. 
“I’d like to change some things in this project. Do you think it’s possible?” Elisa said calmly. 
“Whatever you’d like.” He hung up immediately, feeling as if his time had just been wasted. 
Elisa placed her phone down and downloaded Nick’s project plan into a flash drive. She then opened it up on her computer and quickly started to make some changes. 
Elisa completed everything before noon. The next thing she needed to do was meet with Gareth.
###chapter295
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 295
Chapter 295 Why Didn’t Benett Corporation Snatch It? 
The irony was not lost on Elisa. In the past, she would call Gareth countless times to find out if he would be home for dinner. 
And this time, she would also need to call him to ask if he was free for a meal. 
Elisa hesitated before finally picking up her phone to call Gareth’s assistant. 
Thomas was surprised to see Elisa calling. 
Even though Mr. Wickam and her were divorced, he had not erased her number. Thomas suspected that it was because Mr. Wickam was still in denial regarding their relationship. 
He did not dare to keep her waiting for long and immediately answered the call. 
“Miss Benett?” 
Elisa’s gentle voice was heard. “Thomas, I’m Elisa Benett calling from the marketing department. There have been some amendments made on the wedding planning project. Do you know when he’ll be free to talk about it? Why not catch up over a meal?” 
Thomas was surprised. The truth was, Mr. Wickam was free that night. 
But he kept that to himself. Instead, he said, “Mr. Wickam is in a meeting right now. I’ll let him know as soon as he’s done.” 
“Okay.” 
They both hung up.
Elisa turned to Kira, “Can I ask Ms. Francis for some new assignments to work on?” 
Kira assumed Elisa meant that she would not be able to complete this project. “Even if you ask her for some new ones, I highly doubt that they would be any easier than this one…” She replied sympathetically. 
Elisa grinned at her. “Oh, I know. But what if Mr. Wickam keeps the project from progressing? I shouldn’t just wait and do nothing.” 
Kira nodded in agreement. She reorganized the assignments she had in hand and said, “I’m just about to go look for Ms. Francis. I’ll talk to her on your behalf. Who knows, she might go easy on you if I ask.” 
Elisa nodded her thanks. 
Half an hour later. 
Kira came back with four projects in hand. 
She looked at Elisa sheepishly. “Ms. Benett, Ms. Francis says that on top of the one you have right now, this makes five. The rest will come after you’ve completed these five.” 
There was no rebuttal from Elisa. “Thank you.” Was her simple reply as she took the files from Kira. 
Kira felt conflicted. “I think Ms. Francis might have something against you. Ms. Benett, I think you should take a look at what’s in these files.” 
“You can call me Elisa.” Elisa gently encouraged as she opened one of the files. 
“Oh sure!” Kira was pleasantly surprised, but she asked worriedly, “Hey… I don’t know if you’ll be able to stay in the company but Elisa, I’ve grown to like you! In other words, I’ve become your fan!”
Elisa couldn’t help but burst out in laughter. She also had a glimpse of the second project she had been given. 
This was a project they had in collaboration with the Darcey Group. From the looks of it, this was going to be difficult. Even more so compared to the one with Wickam Group. 
She may be friends with Will, but that does not guarantee anything. 
This was risky for all parties involved. Billions of dollars have already been invested into this project, and they needed Darcey Group to fork up some more. It’ll be amazing if it was successful, but failure would cost them everything. 
Besides, it was a lot of pressure for any company to be asked to just move around billions of dollars. 
Elisa laughed in outrage. Why didn’t Benett Corporation snatch it up from the start? 
Everything was done for them. They had no part of the investment, and yet they wanted a portion of the profits? 
Elisa shut her eyes before moving on to the next file. 
This was also a collaboration project with another well-known company. They were just blatantly after their money, going for projects that were pretty much done. 
Elisa frowned and turned to Kira. “Have you seen these?”
###chapter296
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 296
Chapter 296 Tell Her To Give Up 
Kira was skeptical. “This… I have not seen these before.” 
“I’m not surprised you haven’t.” Elisa chuckled. 
Kira’s expression changed. “That’s strange? Why are these project proposals so similar to one another? No one in their right mind would approve these… My goodness, Elisa. You…” 
Kira didn’t know what else to say. 
All their colleagues’ attention was on them. 
Elisa opened the remaining two. It was the same. The company they would collaborate with would invest their money into the project while they reap the profits. Elisa felt exasperated. 
These were all project proposals that had been rejected. Even though these were all projects that would bring them no loss, anyone could see that Benett Corporation was trying to take advantage of the partnering companies. 
These proposals were kept hidden before she arrived. But now that she was here, they were using them to chase her away. 
Ah… 
Linda was a sly one. 
If she spoke out about the ridiculousness of these proposals, Linda would somehow twist her words and make her seem incompetent. 
No one would suspect otherwise because Linda had played up being her supporter.
No matter how difficult it was, Elisa was going to grit her teeth and get it done. If she was successful with all five proposals, no one would doubt her abilities. 
She glanced at Kira again. “Kira, do we have a colleague chat group?” 
“Oh! Yes, we do! I completely forgot about it. Here, I’ll add you in right now.” 
Elisa nodded and was soon added in. 
Kira said softly. 
Elisa spread out the proposals across her table. She’ll get in touch with the project managers of these proposals while waiting for Gareth to get back to her. They all found her strange and agreed to let her do whatever she pleased with the proposal. 
The first thing she changed was Darcey Group’s. 
… 
Wickam Group. 
Gareth’s meeting had just ended. Thomas walked up to him and said, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett called looking for you.” 
Gareth frowned. His annoyance was plain to see, and he didn’t say a word. 
Thomas tried again, “Ms. Benett said that she was now working for the marketing department and wanted to know if you were free to catch up over a meal. She wanted to talk to you about the wedding project that you rejected previously.” 
Gareth paused and glanced at Thomas. “Marketing department? Isn’t Linda the manager for audit?”
Understanding what he meant, Thomas quickly explained, “Ah. I’m talking about Ms. Elisa Benett.” 
The irony was not lost on Gareth. “The wedding project?” 
“Yup.” Thomas rubbed his nose. 
“I’m busy. Tell her to give up.” Gareth snorted. 
Thomas, “…” 
“Yes, sir.” Thomas had guessed as much. 
He took out his phone and called Elisa. 
She picked up instantly. Gareth’s attention was immediately drawn to voice. 
“Thomas.” 
“I’m sorry, Ms. Benett, but Mr. Wickam will be quite busy with several projects. He won’t be able to see you.” Thomas sounded appropriately apologetic. 
There was a brief pause before Elisa spoke up, “Could you convey a message to him? I believe him to be a person who is able to set aside any personal feelings when talking business. He may have rejected this proposal before, but I have made some amendments to it. I’m sure if he could spare the time to have a look at this proposal, he’d find it beneficial to both our companies.”
###chapter297
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 297
Chapter 297 Elisa Benett Is Coming! 
She heard a snicker. Elisa paused and realized that Gareth must be standing beside Thomas. 
Thomas glanced at Gareth. Seeing as Gareth had no intention of speaking to Elisa, Thomas quickly said, “Okay. I understand.” 
He hung up and turned to Gareth after hesitating slightly. “Mr. Wickam, are you certain that you will not approve Ms. Benett’s project proposal?” 
Gareth could not believe the irony of this entire situation. “The proposal was rubbish to start with. I’ve lost so much money because of Elisa, and now she’s responsible for this project? Not approving the proposal is me going lightly on her.” 
Thomas stayed silent, but Gareth continued on. 
“Find out for me why she’s returned to Benett Corporation.” 
“Yes, sir.” 
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa’s phone started to vibrate after she had hung up. 
She immediately picked up when she saw that it was Will calling. 
Without waiting for her to speak, Will warmly said, “Have you started work at Benett Corporation?” 
“Yup.” 
“Shall I go pick you up after work?” His voice was gentle yet charismatic.
Elisa chuckled, “Aren’t you worried that I’ll bother you?” 
“I can only hope.” Will arched an eyebrow. 
Elisa smiled and looked at her watch. “There is something. I have here with me a project I’d like to propose to you. But you’d be an idiot to agree to it.” 
Will chuckled and mused, “No one has ever used such a tactic when negotiating a proposal.” 
Businessmen flock together because it is mutually beneficial to do so. 
But these are the first words out of Elisa’s mouth. And it didn’t seem like she was joking. 
However, Will felt like spoiling her. “For you, I wouldn’t mind being made an idiot.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. “I’ve made some changes to the proposal. If you’re free tonight, I’d like to treat you to dinner.” 
“What kind of man would I be to let a lady pay? I’m coming to pick you up.” 
“I’m fine. Let’s just decide on a place, and I’ll meet you there.” 
“Wait there.” 
They hung up. Kira stared at her in shock. “Elisa. Is the Mr. Darcey you’re talking to, that Mr. Darcey…?” 
“Yup.” Elisa chuckled. 
Being a part of the marketing department meant they were responsible for making phone calls. 
They would take the calls at their desk.
Kira’s eyes darted around. While it seemed like Elisa and Will Darcey had quite the friendship but… This was a billion-dollar investment. 
Would Mr. Darcey really agree to it? 
“Good luck, Elisa.” Kira couldn’t help but sigh. 
Elisa smiled but said nothing. 
In a blink of an eye, the workday had come to an end. 
Will had also arrived. 
He was wearing his usual blue suit and driving his matching blue Lamborghini. 
He was leaning against the driver’s seat and had both hands tucked into his pockets. He looked so handsome and ethereal, like a prince from a fairy tale. Unattainable yet gentle. He exuded charisma that everyone’s eyes were drawn to him, but they kept a wide berth around him. How unfortunate… 
Will Darcey may be staring in the direction of the company’s entrance, but he was not waiting for them. 
He was waiting for a person in particular. 
The work chat group was going crazy! 
—Naomi from planning: ‘Mr. Darcey has never visited before, nor has he been this flashy. It’s so obvious who he’s waiting for!’ 
—Reina from planning: ‘AHHHHHH! I’m so jealous of Elisa! She’s so lucky!’
—Ava from marketing: ‘I’m standing at the entrance watching. I’m not going to leave. I want to see everything that is about to happen!’ 
—Ava from marketing: ‘She’s coming! Elisa is coming!’
###chapter298
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 298
Chapter 298 A Beautiful Woman for Company 
Elisa had arrived at the entrance of the company and saw the incredibly ostentatious Lamborghini along with a certain blue-suited man. She frowned. 
Will was watching the entrance. He smiled when he saw her. 
Even though Elisa was averse to such flamboyant behavior, she understood the kind of person Will was, and she knew why he was acting this way. She slowly approached him. 
After all, they were going to be working together. They should show support towards each other. 
Will grinned at her as he opened the passenger door for her. Elisa ducked her head and took the seat, all while under the watchful eye of her colleagues. Shrieks of envy could be heard from some of the women. 
“I’m so jealous of Elisa! She had such a sheltered life ever since she was young, and she lived in her own bubble. She married such an impressive man and was doted on by Old Madam Wickam, even to the point of treating her as if she were her own granddaughter. Instead of falling into depression after divorce, she has risen above and beyond what anyone could imagine for her. And now she seems to be growing closer with a more than comparable man to Gareth Wickam! She’s a divorcee, and yet a man of his stature is pursuing her. She’s an incredible woman! I’m so envious of her.” 
“Anyone would be!” 
Will had taken his place in the driver’s seat and started the car. He turned to Elisa and warmly said, “What do you feel like eating tonight?” 
“I’m fine with anything.” She calmly replied.
She had no intention of drinking tonight. After all, she was here on business. 
Will knew that prodding her further would do no good and took her to an Italian restaurant. 
Elisa was surprised when she saw where he was taking her. 
“You…” 
She turned to stare at Will. 
“I chose this place because it looked like a place that was popular with women.” Will smirked. 
This restaurant was wildly popular, but there was not a single customer. 
“Did you book the entire restaurant?” Elisa frowned. 
“We have been interrupted every single time we’ve been together. This time, it’ll just be the two of us.” Will chuckled. 
Elisa, “…” 
They were interrupted? 
More like he deliberately brought her to a place that they would be interrupted. 
The only reason he’s making sure that there would be no interruptions now is that he is certain that she would not remarry Gareth. 
“After you. I’ll get the car parked.” 
Elisa nodded and got out of the car. 
It didn’t take too long for Will to return. The waiter had brought them bread and olive oil to start off.
Will beamed at her. “Do you like Italian food?” 
“Yes.” Elisa looked comfortable. 
They ate and chatted but did not talk about the project. 
Previously, in similar circumstances, they would only talk business after the meal. 
Will gazed at the woman sitting across from him. She was unbothered and calm as ever, even right before broaching the subject of the project with him. His admiration for her grew. 
The fact that she was here meant that Norman and Linda would never relinquish the company to her. And the projects that they had given her only proved that. He didn’t even need to ask his people to look into it. 
“Are you happy with the food here?” Will gently offered her a glass of juice. 
Elisa took it from him and nodded. “It’s pretty good. How about yourself?” 
Men tend to dislike such frou-frou. 
They’d much prefer a hearty steak or a barbeque. 
Will chuckled, “What’s not to like? I have a beautiful woman accompanying me, after all.” 
His deep-set eyes were warm and overflowed with affection for her.
###chapter299
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 299
Chapter 299 Pleased 
Anyone else who said that would come off incredibly flirtatious, but it sounded flattering coming from him. 
Talking to him was comfortable, and he was not offensive. 
Elisa arched an eyebrow at him but stayed quiet. 
They continued eating and chatting. Will was easy to talk to as he was knowledgeable on just about any topic. There was no lull in their conversation as his interests were broad. And he did not make you feel as if you were dumb for not knowing something. 
This was… 
Elisa couldn’t help but admit to herself that this was one of Will’s strong points that Gareth lacked. 
When they were done eating, Elisa looked at Will seriously, “Let’s start with talking about the issues in this proposal.” 
“I wouldn’t have entertained the idea if it weren’t for you.” Will smirked and sighed. 
Elisa’s lip started twitching. She handed him the project proposal. 
“To be blunt with you, we will need your company to take care of the capital of this project. But I think you’ll understand why after looking at this.” 
“You’re confident.” Will arched an eyebrow at her. 
Elisa had mentioned that he would be an idiot to agree to this. Therefore things weren’t that simple. Perhaps the capital far exceeded what he imagined it would be.
Elisa smiled as Will took it from her and started to read it. 
Instead of starting from the first page, he scanned and saw the number he was asked to fork up. 
“Four billion.” Will blurted out. He was both shocked and found it humorous. 
Elisa smiled. “Read on.” 
She seemed confident. Her confidence reeled him in and made him curious. 
Will stared into her eyes but couldn’t tell what she was thinking. Instead of reading the rest of the proposal, he asked. 
“You’re sure about this project?” 
“The previous one was a no go. But I’ve made some changes to it.” 
Will narrowed his eyes. He didn’t say anything but turned his attention back to the documents in his hands. 
There were three pages. 
In the beginning, he went about it how he normally would when faced with a business proposal. 
But… 
His eyes widened the more he read. It now had his full attention. As if he were looking for anything suspicious or for any loopholes. He seemed to also be admiring Elisa’s handiwork. 
Until… 
He read it all.
Will frowned as he looked at Elisa. “How much of this proposal did you have to change?” 
Elisa’s eyes darted to the side before looking back at Will. “Do we need to discuss this?” 
Will smirked. “Of course. I’d personally follow up on this if we were to go through with this project. I’d also need to follow up with the person who was responsible for the proposal.” 
Elisa was calm as ever before finally admitting, “I changed a lot of it.” 
Will was even more amazed. 
“Elisa, you can count on me if your goal is to take back Benett Corporation. In fact, I’ll even do it for you.” 
Elisa’s lip twitched. “Are you trying to poach me?” 
Will sighed, “Benett Corporation will be yours in any case. I’ll make sure of it. Meanwhile, how about you come work for Darcey Group? I’ll give you any position you want.” 
“Mr. Darcey, if you even know me at all, you’d know I would never do that.” 
Elisa sounded self-depreciating. 
Will sighed again, “I know.” 
He stared at her. “I know that you think it’s only a matter of time before Benett Corporation will be yours, but it will take longer for you to do things this way. Meanwhile, your enemies will happily take what resources you have.”
###chapter300
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 300
Chapter 300 A Turnaround 
“If I do it, you’ll be able to take over Benett Corporation legally.” 
Benett Corporation was no company to laugh at, but if Gareth or Will were to choose so, they would easily crush them. This was the difference in power between them. 
Will was a man of his word. He’d probably do it even better than she ever could to legitimize her takeover. 
But this was not what Elisa wanted. 
She wanted to do it on her own. She didn’t want to owe Will any more than necessary. 
She’d never be able to pay him back for all the kindness he had shown her. 
And with Grandma and Grandpa still around, she did not want to grow any closer to him. 
Elisa sighed. “I know you mean well, but I don’t want to trouble you too much. I owe you too much as it is, and I will never be able to repay you.” 
Will smiled at her. “Don’t worry about paying me.” 
Elisa smiled. “Just take a look at this proposal first.” 
Will narrowed his eyes. “This investment will cost me four billion dollars. This is no small number. It’s quite obvious from the proposal that Benett Corporation is trying to profit without putting any effort into it.” 
“Hey, you’d never see such a ridiculous proposal if it weren’t for me.” Elisa sighed.
Will chortled. 
Elisa smiled and added, “If we come to an agreement, I’ll be responsible for the follow up. I promise you that the profit will be divided as stated in the plan. You come up with the capital, but we will provide the manpower.” 
Will stared at her delicate features trying to decipher her thoughts. She seemed as if unbothered by his decision. 
And yet here she was, at dinner with him. 
From that alone, he could tell that she didn’t really care if he refused the proposal or not. It was as if… She had nothing to fear. 
Will smiled. “I’ll need some more time to think about this.” 
Elisa nodded in agreement. “Of course, it is a large financial commitment to make. I’d think it’s stranger if you were to agree just like that. This proposal will affect many future projects. We can meet up again to sign the contract if you agree to it.” 
“Sign a contract with you? There’s no hope for a little advantage then, is there?” Will laughed out loud. 
Everyone knew that Elisa was a more than competent lawyer. There was no advantage to be had with her. 
Elisa arched an eyebrow. “You helped me when I was at my lowest and gave me the ability to turn my life around. Neither of us will forget this friendship. I may be sneaky and devious to others, but I will never treat you in that manner. This is who I am.” 
Will signed exasperatedly.
She drew the line very clearly between them. This was another example. 
Even if he was the one to fund the project and his employees were the ones handling the project, and so what if he had the contract that Elisa gave him? As long as Elisa was in charge of it, it was more than likely that this project would not be successful. 
Will decided to stop thinking about it. He smiled at her, “Would you like to watch a movie with me?” 
Elisa froze. 
She stared at him. After hesitating, she asked, “Mr. Darcey, I’d like to know why you’re trying to grow closer to me.” 
“Did you take my confessions on Twitter to be a joke?” Will narrowed his eyes dangerously. 
Elisa’s eyes flickered. She did not reply him, but it was obvious what she was thinking.
###chapter301
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 301
Chapter 301 The D*mn Woman! 
Will sighed in exasperation. He could only say in a soft voice, “Liz, sometimes I don’t want to pressure you too much, but if I don’t say or do anything, I won’t have the opportunity to fight for it.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. She regretted it a little because this man wouldn’t be honest with her. Asking him was as good as not asking. 
As her lips curved to say something, Will spoke up again. 
“The days are long and time passes slowly. You can slowly see if I’m your… Mr. Right.” 
He said the last two words very softly, but it was piercing. Elisa’s expression dulled. 
The next moment, she laughed. “You love to joke around, Mr. Darcey.” 
… 
At the same time, Gareth had been working overtime in the office, and he had just signed his last document. 
He massaged the bridge of his nose as he leaned back in his chair. Seeing his cell phone on the table, he slowly picked it up and logged into Twitter which he rarely used. 
When he saw the first trending topic, his face immediately darkened! 
Will and Elisa were eating together. 
In fact, they booked the whole Italian restaurant. 
Many passersby took pictures outside.
From the pictures, he could see Will’s gentle smile and Elisa’s slim figure. 
Gareth’s expression darkened. Why didn’t he know before that this woman was so despicable! 
She turned around and looked for Will once she couldn’t partner with him? 
The d*mn woman! 
Gareth’s face was so cloudy it was about to rain. 
The next moment, he made a call to Thomas. 
“Mr. Wickam.” 
“Tell Elisa to come look for me in my office immediately. Tell her that if she doesn’t reach within half an hour, I don’t want to talk to her about any partnerships in the future! Tell her what I said, word for word!” 
Thomas was stunned. He never thought that the president would be so irritable. He was flabbergasted for a moment before he replied, “Alright.” 
At the moment, Elisa and Will were almost finishing their meal. She said, “Since you need to think about it, Mr. Darcey, I’ll wait for news from you.” 
There wasn’t much change in expression on Will’s good-looking face. 
He finally sighed. “Alright, I’ll send you back.” 
“It’s fine.” 
“Liz, if you keep acting so distant with me, there’s no meaning in it.”
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little, but before she could say anything, her cell phone suddenly rang. It was Thomas’ number, so she looked at Will at once. “I have something to do, Mr. Darcey. See you next time.” 
As soon as she said that, she picked up her bag and walked out. 
Will didn’t get up as he stared at her figure. If he wasn’t mistaken, the number should be… 
His gaze frosted. 
Elisa answered the call when she reached the door. 
“Mr. May.” 
“Cough… Ms. Benett, Mr. Wickam has been working overtime. He said that he’ll only wait for you in the office for half an hour. Otherwise… he won’t agree to any other partnerships in the future.” 
Thomas sounded quite exasperated. He was only an employee, and he could only do as his boss told him to. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows a little. She couldn’t understand Gareth’s temperamental behavior. She answered, “Alright, I’ll go there now.” 
She didn’t have the time to go back for the proposal, but she could just show him a soft copy. 
Elisa turned to look at Will, who had walked out slowly. There was guilt in her eyes. “I’m sorry, I have to make a move.” 
She hailed a cab by the side of the road after she said it. 
But before she could get in, Will suddenly pulled her arm.
###chapter302
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 302
Chapter 302 All Sorts 
Elisa turned to look at Will, a little puzzled. “What…” 
Will’s lips curved slightly. He didn’t ask her what she was going to do but instead said with an unaffected expression, “It’s not very convenient to get a cab. I’ll send you.” 
Elisa’s expression dulled a little. If Gareth knew that it was Will who had sent her to Wickam Group, she would blow this assignment completely. She shook her head at once. “It’s fine. The cab has stopped. I can just go on my own.” 
She got into the cab as soon as she said it. 
She closed the door and said indifferently, “The entrance of Wickam Group, please.” 
“Alright.” 
The cab drove off. 
Will stood where he was as he looked at the figure of Elisa gradually leaving. 
If he wasn’t mistaken, Gareth saw a trending topic of him and Elisa. What was the point of regretting it now? 
Will scoffed coldly as he left. 
Within half an hour, Elisa reached Wickam Group. 
What Elisa didn’t know was that Gareth had wanted her to reach Wickam Group within half an hour because he had estimated that coming from the Italian restaurant to the office was less than thirty minutes.
At that moment, Thomas led Elisa to Gareth’s office. 
“Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett is here.” 
Elisa didn’t say anything as she stood at the door. Her expression was unchanged. 
“Come in.” The voice was icy as usual. 
Thomas opened the door. When Elisa looked up, she saw Gareth, who was sitting behind his office desk, dealing with documents. 
His sharp face seemed to be harsher and colder than usual. It made people afraid to approach him. 
Thomas was already used to it. He gestured to Elisa, “Please go in, Ms. Benett.” 
Elisa nodded and walked into the office. The door closed after her. 
Only the two of them were in the office. 
Elisa saw Gareth dealing with work affairs. He didn’t intend to pay any attention to Elisa. 
She raised her brows slightly. She could tell that even if he had agreed to meet her, he would never really agree to any proposal. To be frank, he wanted to make things difficult for her. 
Thinking about this, Elisa wasn’t in a rush to speak to him. Instead, she simply walked to the couch and sat down before taking out her cell phone. 
It was strange when she thought about it. 
In the past, they never had alone time like this. Even if they did, all she would get in return was his scorn and disdain.
Elisa brushed it away and scrolled through Twitter on her cell phone. 
When she saw the trending topics, her expression dulled. Why was one of the trending topics about her eating with Will? 
She wrinkled her brows tightly, seeming a little unhappy. 
But it had been trending for a long time. If it was cleared, they would seem suspicious. It was better to keep things in a frenzy. 
There were already all sorts of tweets about it. 
—Party Girl: ‘My god, my god! I feel like Mr. Darcey and Elisa are well-matched! Look at how Mr. Darcey looks at Elisa with such a pampering gaze. I’ve never seen Mr. Darcey look at a woman with such gentleness.’ 
—Please Move, Brainless Fans: ‘I also feel like they don’t have an ordinary relationship. Maybe Elisa has thought it through? Furthermore, she’s single now. She has the right to date. It so happened that Mr. Darcey is pursuing her so seriously and intentionally. Even if Mr. Darcey is fickle, I’ve never seen him set his heart on any woman like this.’ 
—Mr. Darcey Is My Hubby: ‘That’s right. My hubby is really different from before. I’m envious and jealous. It’s a shame that… I’m not Elisa! If I were, I would accept Mr. Darcey immediately. He’s so amazing! There’s always a light in his eyes. Every time I see it, I always look forward to it…’
###chapter303
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 303
Chapter 303 Routines Will Be Most Popular 
—Party Girl: ‘Sigh… It’s a shame that none of us are Elisa.’ 
Elisa was still scrolling on her cell phone. 
Gareth was just done with a document when he suddenly remembered that Elisa was there. He raised his eyes and looked over when he noticed that Elisa wasn’t being diligent about the partnership as she should have been. Instead, she was recklessly on her cell phone. Gareth’s face darkened in an instant. 
He looked away and continued dealing with his documents. 
He had an endless pile of work, so he wanted to see how long she could use her cell phone and how long her cell phone battery would last! 
One hour passed. 
Elisa didn’t raise her head at all. Gareth’s face became even darker. 
Two hours passed. 
Elisa slowly took out a portable charger. 
Gareth’s face was so cloudy that thunder was about to strike. 
He was so enraged he could laugh. 
Elisa lifted her head unconsciously. Seeing that the man’s sharp gaze was directed at her, she smiled. “Are you done with your work, Mr. Wickam?”
Gareth looked at her coldly. Without hesitation, he said sarcastically, “Since you’re already climbing all over Will, why did you still look for me, Elisa? Are you trying to have it both ways?” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows. Thinking about how everyone online was discussing the trending topics so fervently, it was no surprise that he knew about it. 
With a calm expression, she said, “I’m sure you want to hear about the improvements of the proposal since you looked for me today, Mr. Wickam. Why don’t you let me tell you about it?” 
There was nothing but scorn in Gareth’s eyes. “I’ll only give you fifteen minutes. Don’t blame me for differentiating between work and personal affairs if you can’t convince me.” 
Elisa raised her brows and took out a USB flash drive. “Lend me your computer.” 
She went forward and inserted it into the computer. 
Gareth’s face was dark, and he didn’t say anything. Seeing that the USB flash drive was connected, she bent over and moved the mouse to open one of the files. 
It was a plan for the wedding celebration. 
The two of them were very close to one another. When she bent down, strands of hair slowly fell. Its faintly elegant and fragrant scent made its way into Gareth’s nose. 
He was slightly stunned. It was her familiar scent, a fragrance that gradually calmed him down. 
When Elisa opened the file, she took a step back. “Why don’t you take a look, Mr. Wickam. I’ve covered all the specifics.” 
Seeing her step back a little, his face darkened again. He said coldly, “If I look at the proposal myself, why are you here for?”
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
He wanted her to explain? 
If that was the case, wouldn’t they be in close distance? Didn’t he hate coming into contact with her? 
In the end, she walked forward again and slowly started to speak. 
“You passed on this proposal the last time, and I don’t know what suggestions you gave. The proposal itself was problematic, so I’ve made improvements.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything. Although he was prejudiced against Elisa, but work and personal matters were different. He placed much importance on the wedding celebration. 
Furthermore, Elisa was changing more and more. He wanted to see if this woman could really create some kind of surprise. 
Elisa elaborated, “For this wedding, there are four points that need to be clarified. These are also the main improvements that I made. The previous wedding celebration was not satisfactory, and it was in a mess. It was a new idea, but it went off-topic. If we follow tradition and custom, then add on new ideas in between, routines like these will be the most popular.” 
Gareth pursed his lips but didn’t say anything. 
Elisa explained the process. Gareth’s forehead was slightly wrinkled, but gradually, he…
###chapter304
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 304
Chapter 304 He Was So Important to Her? 
His brows actually loosened a little. 
If Thomas was in the office, he would definitely be able to tell that Gareth was very pleased with the proposal. 
Elisa only looked at Gareth once she had finished explaining everything. “Mr. Darcey, these are the specifics of the proposal. Let me know what you think.” 
Gareth looked at Elisa coldly. He didn’t say a word. 
In the moment, he didn’t intend to speak to Elisa sarcastically, unlike before. 
Work was work, and personal matters were personal matters. 
He had wanted Elisa to come over because he felt that she was being despicable, and he didn’t want to help her succeed in winning Will’s favor. 
But now, he was pleased with Elisa’s proposal. 
He was also feeling shock and anger. 
Elisa was actually talented in this area. Why didn’t she tell him before? Why did she keep lying to him? 
Seeing Gareth’s furious expression, Elisa furrowed her brows a little. Baffled, she asked, “Why are you looking at me like this, Mr. Wickam?” 
Gareth wanted to laugh in anger. “Elisa, Iris, Wisteria. You can even execute such a proposal. What else haven’t you told me?”
Impatience streaked across Elisa’s eyes. Was he angry? 
What was there for him to get angry about? 
The next moment, there was an unnatural smile on her face. “I wanted to tell you everything last time, but you repelled me thousands of miles away. When did I get the chance to speak to you?” 
As for now, she didn’t want to say anything. 
She wouldn’t tell this man anything either. It had nothing to do with him! 
Gareth’s face was incredibly icy. 
He breathed in and said calmly, “We can work together.” 
Elisa looked at him, slightly surprised. He really wasn’t venting his anger on her? 
But without waiting for her to think too much about it, Gareth said in a low voice, “I have a condition.” 
Elisa’s eyes dulled a little. As expected, it wasn’t going to be easy. 
She looked at him with a calm expression. “Go on.” 
Gareth lifted his sharp eyes and looked at her. In a cold voice, he said, “I previously said that if you interact with Will, it will only make everyone think that I was blind in the past.” 
Elisa scoffed coldly at once. “So, if I were to partner with your company, I can’t have any interactions with Will?” 
Gareth looked at her coldly and didn’t say a word. 
Elisa laughed coldly while Gareth furrowed his brows at once.
Her unhesitatingly sarcastic voice came after that. 
“We’ve already divorced. When Grandpa put up the announcement back then, he cleared you of all responsibility. I was the one who was so lacking in virtue. Why would you be blind?” 
Gareth’s face darkened immediately. 
“It’s up to you if you don’t want this partnership. If you can’t stick to the conditions, you can get lost.” 
Elisa looked at him, feeling a little dumbfounded. “I thought that you differentiated between work and personal matters, Mr. Wickam. You made me think that you would accept it if my proposal was alright, but I never thought that you would slander other people in the blink of an eye, Mr. Darcey.” 
Gareth sneered all of a sudden. “Are you worthy?” 
“Heh…” Elisa’s lips curved. “I won’t agree to such preposterous requests. If this is the only way you want it, Mr. Darcey, just take it like I’ve never been here.” 
Gareth’s eyes frosted in an instant. Will was so important to her? 
Elisa lowered her gaze and glanced at the watch on her wrist. She should be coming at this soon. 
As expected, as soon as she dropped her hand, there was knocking at the door. 
There was a half-laughing expression on Elisa’s face. She swept her gaze at Gareth. She wanted to see if this man would still be like this in a while.
###chapter305
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 305
Chapter 305 A Good Show Was Just About to Start 
“Garry, it’s me.” 
The voice was still as gentle as before. 
There was a trace of a smile on Elisa’s lips as she looked at Gareth. “Look, Mr. Wickam. You owe my sister a huge favor. She’s worried about me, and she was afraid that I couldn’t close the deal, so she came over personally. Do you still want to bring up such a request in front of her? It won’t look good for anyone, would it? Linda would be sad.” 
“She’s your cousin, and she treats you like a sister. You would go so far as to make use of her?” Gareth’s cold face was spiteful, and his voice icy. 
But Elisa didn’t care at all. She smiled cheerfully and said, “Don’t you know that I am a vain person who wants to reach her goals at all costs? Everything I’m doing right now is considered nothing. I think you better restrain yourself for my sister’s sake, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth’s gaze was so sharp as if he wanted to send her to the gallows. 
Elisa chuckled and stepped back a little, keeping a distance between the two of them. 
It looked like the both of them were discussing the partnership in an ordinary manner. Nothing more than that. 
“Garry?” 
Linda called out again from the outside when she didn’t hear any response for a long time.
Gareth glanced at Elisa coldly as if warning her not to talk nonsense before he said in a gentler tone, “Come in.” 
The door opened suddenly. 
Elisa lifted her eyes and saw Linda being pushed in by her assistant, Yara. 
Linda glanced at Yara and smiled at her gently. “Wait for me outside. I’ll go in alone.” 
“Alright.” 
Elisa walked behind Linda and her back was facing Gareth. It seemed as though she was looking at Linda with a silently hateful expression, but in the next moment, she smiled and said, “Sis, I didn’t think that you would be worried about me closing the deal.” 
Why did this sound like Elisa was acting coy? But upon close observation, Linda could clearly hear the sarcasm and annoyance in her voice. 
A sneer streaked across Linda’s face. How did Elisa have the nerve to show her strength? 
The result of displaying her strength would stop her from reaching her goals! 
It was Elisa who had sent her a text message today. 
—Elisa: ‘Dear sister, I’m at my ex-husband’s office now. He came looking for me. Do you think you have won? I’m the only one in his heart. Even if I don’t want him, I won’t let the two of you get together happily.’ 
Linda had been busy at the time when she realized that the text message had been sent half an hour ago. She dropped everything and rushed here immediately.
Linda smiled. “That’s only natural. After all, you just joined the company, and you may not do everything well. It’s only natural that I have to help you out.” 
She wasn’t surprised that Elisa came to close the deal. 
Elisa didn’t say anything else. She pushed Linda into the room. 
Gareth sat at his office desk. Watching the two sisters interact, his face was dark, and he didn’t say anything from the start until finish. 
Seeing the situation, there was a sliver of a smile on Linda’s face. She knew that Gareth was definitely unhappy with Elisa’s appearance. 
The next moment, she pretended to speak in a slightly awkward manner. “Did… I disturb the two of you?” 
Elisa stood behind Linda, and she looked at Gareth with curved lips. Her expression seemed like she was provoking him. 
What she wanted was for Linda to dig a hole of her own accord. Now that Linda had said that she wanted to help her out as soon as she came in, she couldn’t change her mind. 
As for Gareth, he owed Linda a favor to begin with. With Linda around, it would be easy for Elisa to close the deal. At the same time, she wouldn’t have to agree to his absurd conditions. 
Because it was impossible for Gareth to bring up such a request in front of Linda. It would make him seem like he… couldn’t let go of an old flame, and this would make Linda feel worse. 
That was the reason. 
The curve on Elisa’s lips deepened. A good show was just about to start.
###chapter306
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 306
Chapter 306 Was It for Her Sake? 
Gareth could clearly see the provocation in Elisa’s eyes. Rage rose up within him. 
If Linda wasn’t here, he would have flared up! 
After a moment, he pursed his lips and said indifferently, “No.” 
It was as though Linda breathed a sigh of relief. She smiled as she said, “That’s great.” 
The smile on Elisa’s lips deepened. At this moment, Linda was blinded by love, and she had no idea that Elisa was digging a hole for her to jump into. She smiled and looked at Gareth. “Garry, what do you think of this project with Liz?” 
There was a gentle smile in the corner of her mouth and she was feeling relaxed and at ease. It was as if she had already understood the proposal previously and was filled with natural confidence. 
Gareth glanced at her indifferently and finally said in a soft voice, “It’s alright.” 
Linda was a little surprised. It wasn’t that she didn’t know about the project. She was surprised that she could get such a straightforward answer from Gareth. 
Could it be that… he was doing it for her sake? 
In an instant, Linda was overjoyed. She turned to look at Elisa, and the smile in the corner of her lips deepened. “You’re amazing, Liz.” 
Elisa smiled. It seemed as though she let out a sigh of exasperation. “Linda, Mr. Wickam was being a little standoffish just now because of our relationship. He was thinking about it and was afraid that you would misunderstand if he agreed to the partnership. But since this is mutually beneficial to both
companies, can you help me convince Mr. Wickam? As you’re well aware, there’s nothing between me and Mr. Wickam anymore.” 
Linda’s expression stiffened in an instant. 
D*mn it! 
She finally understood. 
She had felt like something wasn’t right. Why did Elisa send her a text message like that? 
After all was said and done, Elisa was making use of her! Elisa got her to come over and look for Gareth to seal the deal! 
Linda took a breath in and restrained her emotions. She smiled at Gareth. “Garry, I was worried about Liz, so I came over to take a look. Since you’re done with discussions, then you can do as you see fit. Although we are close, we can’t break the rules. You can sign the contract if you don’t see any problems. If you do, you can let us know, or we can make amendments. You don’t have to sign it just for my sake.” 
Elisa’s lips curved slightly. It seemed like Linda had noticed. 
But what did that matter? As long as she came over, the partnership would be a done deal. 
Gareth’s expression was calm. “You trained her well.” 
Linda was speechless. 
Astonishment streaked across her eyes. She was baffled, and she could only smile. 
Elisa’s lips twitched. Did Gareth not want to admit or believe that this proposal had anything to do with her?
Linda hesitated for a moment before she said, “So are you satisfied with this proposal, Garry?” 
Gareth glanced at Elisa coldly and saw that she had a victorious smile in the corner of her lips. He said with a calm expression, “The preliminary steps for the proposal at this moment are alright. We can go with the contract. But I need the person who planned this proposal to meet and follow up with me from now on.” 
Linda was a little startled. “You’re okay with it?” 
Elisa’s expression dulled. 
Did Gareth say that on purpose for her sake? 
She looked at Gareth subconsciously, and as expected, she saw the scorn and ridicule in his eyes. 
She was dumbfounded. 
As expected, he was going to make all sorts of trouble for her. 
She had made use of Linda and exploited the favor he owed her from when Linda saved his life. He was sullen because he had no choice but to agree, so he would make things difficult for her in various ways when they worked together in the future! 
The next moment, she smiled. “Since that’s the case, I won’t disturb you and Linda. I’ll wait for you to notify me at any time, Mr. Wickam.”
###chapter307
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 307
Chapter 307 Did She Really Not Care About Gareth? 
Linda took a slight breath in. It was fine. So what if Elisa could finish this assignment? She had five assignments this month. 
And according to regulations, she couldn’t leave the company this month. 
After thinking about it, Linda looked at Gareth. “Garry, since you have work to do, I’ll leave with Liz.” 
Gareth frowned and finally said in a low voice, “You still haven’t recovered completely. Don’t always think on behalf of others. Even if you spend a lot of effort, other people might not appreciate it.” 
Elisa had walked to the door when she heard what Gareth said. 
The corners of her mouth twitched and she continued to walk out. 
A sliver of a smile streaked across Linda’s face. She liked it when the two of them were clashing. She was more certain that Gareth only agreed to Elisa’s proposal for her sake. 
What a catch for Elisa. 
After all, Wickam Group was massive, and this project would help Benett Corporation. It was nothing for Gareth to invest in this for her sake. 
She shook her head. “There might be some misunderstandings about this, Garry. I’ll explain it to you next time. Liz has left, so I’m going to catch up with her.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything. He nodded indifferently. 
Yara pushed Linda out, and they caught up with Elisa shortly.
“Liz.” There was still a smile in the corner of Linda’s mouth. 
Elisa turned to see her gentle gaze. 
Linda smiled. “Let’s go back together. Where are you staying? Let me send you.” 
“Alright.” 
That worked for her, since she had some things to talk to Linda about. 
Soon, the two of them got into a car. 
Yara was the one driving. 
She was Linda’s confidant and knew of Linda’s true colors. Once the car started, Linda sneered and looked at Elisa. “What good tricks you played today, Liz.” 
Elisa sneered. “It’s all thanks to you that I have such tricks. But you saw how Gareth cares about you thanks to me. So you weren’t at a loss, were you?” 
Satisfaction instantly flickered across Linda’s eyes. “That’s right. I let it go today because of this. But you sent me the text message to close the deal. You’re done for.” 
Elisa suddenly couldn’t hold back her laughter. “You can show it to him. I don’t care.” 
Linda wrinkled her brows. Why was she so calm? 
Did she really not care about Gareth? 
It was impossible.
Elisa was doing the very opposite now. Did she have other plans? With the message, it could make Gareth treat her with more… 
Linda stared at her coldly. “What do you mean?” 
Elisa’s lips curved slightly. “You can try it for yourself, Linda.” 
She didn’t look at Linda. Her expression was calm. Sometimes, she even felt like she… 
The woman in front of her might have been one of the people who caused her dad to die. But she could still smile at this woman. 
Linda’s brows tightened. She said in an icy voice at once, “As your cousin, I have to advise you. A toad can’t eat swan meat, and an ugly duckling isn’t worthy of fighting with a white swan. You need to know your place and limits for certain things.” 
Elisa nodded with a half-smile. “That makes sense.” 
In an instant, Linda realized that Elisa was mocking her. Linda wasn’t angry, but she smiled instead. “That’s all I have to say. Take care, Elisa.” 
Today, Linda had been uneasy about the meeting between Elisa and Gareth, but she was happy that Gareth had helped Elisa for her sake. 
Elisa’s lips twitched. Her cell phone suddenly rang. When she saw the content on her screen, her expression froze. She immediately said in a low voice, “Stop the car!”
###chapter308
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 308
Chapter 308 You Better Know Your Place 
Yara was a little surprised. She glanced at Linda at once through the rearview mirror. 
Without Linda’s orders, she couldn’t just obey Elisa. Otherwise, she didn’t know how she was going to be punished by Linda when they got back. 
Linda turned to look at her, puzzled. “Where are you going?” 
Elisa’s expression was indifferent. “You wanted to send me home just to put on an act. It’s meaningless for us to be in the same car anymore, Linda. I have some matters to deal with, so I won’t play your little word games with you anymore, Linda.” 
Linda’s brows furrowed. Was Garry looking for her? 
Were the two of them meeting again? 
She immediately said, “Where are you going? I can get Yara to send you.” 
Elisa said with a half-smile, “Don’t worry. I’m not going to meet Gareth.” 
Linda’s brows furrowed tightly. She immediately said in a low voice, “Stop the car!” 
Yara immediately signaled to the right and slowly stopped the car by the side of the road. 
Linda looked at Elisa coldly and didn’t say a word. 
She wanted to warn Elisa to know her place, but there was no use in warning her. Elisa wouldn’t follow what Linda told her to do. Elisa would even turn it against her and infuriate her instead. 
Once Elisa got out of the car, she flagged down a cab.
Linda said with a dark face, “Follow her carefully, Yara.” 
“Alright.” 
Seeing that Elisa really wasn’t looking for Gareth, Linda breathed a sigh of relief, but she still wanted to know where Elisa was going. 
When she realized that Elisa had gotten out of the cab at the law firm, her expression darkened. 
If she knew that Elisa was coming here, she wouldn’t have wasted her time or energy to follow Elisa. She gritted her teeth. “Let’s go!” 
Elisa walked to the entrance and slowly turned to look at the crossing. Scorn flashed across her eyes when she saw the black car leave slowly. She made her way in. 
At the time, the other lawyers had left work. Only Charli was left waiting for Elisa. 
Seeing Elisa’s figure, there was a slightly grave expression on her face. “Liz.” 
Elisa nodded and walked to Charli’s side before sitting down. “Tell me what you found out, Charli.” 
Charli’s expression was complicated. “Your father’s records were all normal at first, but your Uncle Norman’s travel records were strange. I found out that he was particularly close to a doctor. The two of them didn’t have much contact previously, but this doctor specializes in…” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. “Go on.” 
She was actually mentally prepared ever since she had taken the calcium tablet in her father’s room to be evaluated. 
“This doctor specializes in making drugs for the structure of the human body.”
Elisa immediately clenched her fists tight. “Where’s the doctor?” 
“He resigned after what happened to your father. I’m still looking for traces of him.” 
“As for your father, I’ve been looking up records of his hospital visits. He didn’t have any big issues with his heart.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything. 
Charli’s face darkened. “That’s all I’ve investigated for now. Your Uncle Norman does things very secretively. Iris, if you want to get to the bottom of it, you might need to start with your family’s servants.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and nodded. “I understand.” 
Charli had an unpleasant expression on her face. “Your Uncle Norman and your father are biological brothers. Furthermore, your father gave up so much to help your Uncle Norman, but he…! Is profit really so important to him?” 
Elisa scoffed. “Family has never meant anything to him.” 
Charli sighed and looked at her. “So what do you plan to do next?”
###chapter309
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 309
Chapter 309 Does He Have Time for a Meal? 
“I still can’t act blindly without thinking at the moment. I don’t have enough evidence and I can’t really send them away.” 
Charli pursed her lips. “If you need anything, feel free to let me know.” 
Elisa nodded. “Let them continue investigating about my father. Maybe there’s something that was missed out.” 
“Alright.” 
Elisa and Charli talked for a while more before they left together. 
Charli sent Elisa home. 
Elisa kept pondering on the way home. 
Norman wanted to take over Benett Corporation, and snatching her shares away was only an excuse. 
In this period of time, he had managed to make a portion of the people in the company trust him. 
Which meant that… she could find out some things from the shareholders. 
She had to get into the inner workings of the company as soon as possible! 
She was lost in her thoughts on the way home. 
When they reached, Charli got out of the car. She still couldn’t get to the bottom of it. She looked at Elisa and said in a low voice, “So how did they make their move on your father? Did he really pass away because of his heart?”
A sneer flashed across Elisa’s face. “They gave my dad a calcium tablet as a supplement. My dad didn’t have his guard up against Uncle Norman at all.” 
“There was something wrong with the calcium tablet?” 
“No.” 
Charli wrinkled her brows slightly. “Then what was wrong?” 
“There was something in the calcium tablet that couldn’t be ingested together with certain food. My guess is that they didn’t dare to bring it out in the open, so they crushed it into his food secretly. Over time, something happened to my dad’s heart.” 
“How despicable!” Charli slammed the steering wheel violently. 
Elisa restrained her feelings and smiled at Charli. “Thank you, Charli. I bought a new tea blend recently, and it’s pretty good. Do you want to come in and try?” 
Charlie loved drinking tea. 
Elisa would also usually give her good tea blends from time to time. 
Charli smiled. “No, not today. It’s late. I’ll come by another time.” 
Elisa didn’t insist. She got out of the car and watched as Charli left. 
She stood where she was and wasn’t in a rush to go in. Her expression was particularly cold. 
The evidence should have been destroyed by them. Furthermore, they were family. Back then, they were good brothers, so he wouldn’t have been under suspicion. This gave them the time to destroy evidence.
Elisa closed her eyes and didn’t think about it anymore as she went up the stairs. 
The next day, Elisa ate breakfast and went to work. 
When she reached the office, Kira looked at her with pity like the day before. “Liz, although the results aren’t satisfactory, but… we’ve tried our best and we have a clear conscience. It’s enough.” 
Kira’s voice was soft and dainty. Elisa smiled and nodded. “Alright. Thank you.” 
There weren’t any problems on Gareth’s side. 
As for Will, her guess was that there was a seventy percent probability that he would agree. She wouldn’t rush him because she had other partnerships to discuss. 
Kira didn’t know that Elisa was so efficient. She sighed, “Even though they’re doing this to test you, after all, you started from scratch. Ah, what I think counts for little. Why don’t I help you, Liz?” 
Elisa chuckled. “Thank you, but I will trust the heavens.” 
Although she said this, she felt that human nature could prevail over nature. 
Once Gareth was dealt with, she felt like everything else wasn’t a problem. 
At this time, Elisa had already taken out her cell phone. She wanted to make a call to Mr. Whitford. It was just that his ways… 
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly and made the call in the end. 
“Hello, who is this?”
“Hello, I am Elisa Benett from the marketing department of Benett Corporation. May I ask if Mr. Whitford has the time for a meal?”
###chapter310
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 310
Chapter 310 I’m Worried About You 
The other party was slightly bewildered. “Ms. Elisa Benett?” 
“Yes.” 
The assistant paused for a moment before saying, “Alright. He’s in a meeting now but I will pass the message to him and call you back after that.” 
“Okay. Thank you.” 
The two of them hung up after that. 
The assistant put down the phone and went straight to Mr. Whitford’s office. 
At the time, Mr. Whitford was at his office desk. The big-bellied man’s breathing was slightly ragged, and it was clear that it was because he was overweight. 
He looked around forty years old and had a pair of white-framed glasses. His middle-parted hair made him look even more greasy, which made many women unable to look him in the eye. 
Knowing that it was his assistant that was coming in, he didn’t even raise his head. He continued looking at pictures of beautiful women on his cell phone. 
His assistant was already used to Mr. Whitford’s ways. He walked to Mr. Whitford’s office desk. 
His assistant was a man. Although Mr. Whitford was lewd, he would assign most work matters to men. He knew that he would lose his mind over lust, so he would never let female secretaries get too close to him. 
If he wanted to play with women, he could just look for them outside.
His principle was to never help women be promoted. This was because many who were promoted relied on their beautiful appearances. They were vases who had big bosoms but empty minds. His company would be gone if it was handed to these women. 
“Mr. Whitford, Ms. Elisa Benett called and said that she wants to meet you for a meal.” 
Mr. Whitford stopped scrolling through pictures, and he looked up at once at his assistant. “Who?” 
“Ms. Elisa Benett.” 
Mr. Whitford was suddenly excited, and his oily face was full of joy. “Which? Gareth’s ex-wife?” 
His assistant’s eyes flashed slightly. “Yes, it’s her… I just checked, and she’s now working as an employee in the marketing department of Benett Corporation.” 
Mr. Whitford suddenly laughed. “Haha, I have to go if a pretty lady asks me out for a meal. Tell her that I’m free tonight. I’ll meet her at…” 
He hesitated, because he was just about to say the presidential suite that he usually booked. 
But thinking of Elisa’s status, he paused for a moment before saying indifferently, “I’ll meet her at the clubhouse I usually go to. Get a decent private room.” 
Worry streaked across his assistant’s eyes. “Mr. Whitford, but… after all, she has some relations with the Wickam family and Mr. Darcey, if you…” 
“She’s a broken woman. What is there to worry about? I’ll just sleep with her for one night. She can do whatever she wants after that. As a businessman, I meet people for my benefit. If she wants to work with me, she has to pay the price.” 
“But…”
“That’s enough. Arrange for it and call her. Say that I’m very busy, and I only agreed for her sake.” 
His assistant nodded when he saw Mr. Whitford resume playing with his cell phone leisurely. “Alright.” 
… 
It was time to get off work. Elisa was at the office and hadn’t left. She wanted to wait for the appointed time and look for Mr. Whitford. 
Kira suddenly felt a little distressed and looked at Elisa. “Liz, we’re done for the day. Let’s leave together?” 
Elisa smiled. “I’m fine. I still have some things to deal with, so I’ll leave in a moment.” 
Kira sighed. She was still a little worried. “Are… you really meeting with Mr. Whitford today? Why don’t I go with you?” 
“It’s alright. I’m fine.” 
Kira had been cautioning her the whole day. Elisa naturally understood where she was coming from. 
Kira wrinkled her brows tightly. “But Mr. Whitford… he’s really strange. He’s a greasy old geezer. When he discusses work with women, he only cares about himself, and he won’t even bring up the partnership. You’re so pretty, Liz. I’m worried about you.”
###chapter311
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 311
Chapter 311 What Is There to Share? 
“But…” 
Before she could finish, Elisa interrupted her as she smiled and looked at her. “Don’t worry. I’ll be fine.” 
Kira opened her mouth, but she suddenly didn’t know what to say. She could only sigh in exasperation. “Then… be careful.” 
“Okay.” 
… 
While she was waiting, the time to meet came. 
Elisa packed up her things and went to Mr. Whitford’s location. 
When she arrived, Mr. Whitford was already there. She was a little surprised. 
Mr. Whitford saw Elisa’s outstanding figure that couldn’t be hidden. Infinite joy flickered across his eyes at once. He immediately got up and smiled at Elisa. “You’re here, Ms. Benett. It’s such an honor for me to be asked out for a meal by you, Ms. Benett.” 
Elisa smiled. “You’re too kind, Mr. Whitford. I’m very thankful that you were able to meet me, Mr. Whitford.” 
Mr. Whitford smiled at once. “Come, sit. What would you like to eat?” 
He reached out his hand and signaled for Elisa to sit down.
At that moment, Mr. Whitford looked pretty dignified. It was just his greasy appearance, the hollow shell of his body, and his obnoxious appearance. 
Everyone could tell that he was a feeble person with one glance. 
Elisa smiled and nodded as she walked to the dinner table to sit down. 
Mr. Whitford handed Elisa the menu. “Take a look at what you want to eat. It’s my honor that you asked me out tonight, so I can’t let you spend a dime, Ms. Benett. Order anything you want. It’s on me.” 
“You’re much too kind, Mr. Whitford. I was the one who asked you out. How can I make you pay for anything?” 
“Ah, since we’ve met today, we’re friends from now on. If you have any problems or difficulties, you can feel free to let me know, Ms. Benett.” 
Elisa smiled. “Thank you, we…” 
Just as she was about to bring up the contract, Mr. Whitford smiled at once. “Ms. Benett, there’s a dish in this restaurant that’s incredibly authentic. Why don’t we try it out?” 
Elisa could only stop what she was about to say and nod. “Sure.” 
“Take a look at anything else you would like to eat, Ms. Benett.” 
Elisa smiled. “I’m fine with anything. You can order as you please, Mr. Whitford.” 
Mr. Whitford smiled and nodded. “Alright. I come here often. There are a few great dishes that you can try out, Ms. Benett.” 
Elisa nodded and didn’t say anything.
At this point, everything was normal with Mr. Whitford. He wasn’t going too far at all, but Elisa didn’t dare to relax. 
At the same time, in the next room, there were a few rich men sitting together. They weren’t eating anything. Rather, they sat on the couch, chatting and drinking. 
There was also the sound of music in the room. 
Vincent was in an extremely good mood. Jeremy glanced at him and lowered the music. Otherwise, he couldn’t hear what was said. 
He looked at Vincent. “What’s up with you today? Why did all of us have to come over?” 
“Hey, let me tell you. I found the woman of my dreams! I’m no longer single! I have to share this news with all of you!” 
Gareth’s good-looking face sank. 
Even Jeremy said with a dark face, “You have up to thirty different women in a month. What is there to share?” 
“D*mn!” Vincent slammed his beer on the table with force. He said angrily, “I really put in a lot of effort this time! I’m being sincere!” 
But… 
Neither one of the two believed him at all. Their eyes were filled with scorn. 
Vincent had been hurt by his parents and didn’t believe in so-called love. As for women… he had an obsessive kind of prejudice against them.
Jeremy and Gareth had tried to advise him, but it was useless. 
Just as Vincent was about to say something, his cell phone suddenly rang.
###chapter312
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 312
Chapter 312 Elisa Is in Danger 
The other two gazed at his cell phone. 
Seeing the incoming call, Vincent suddenly said cheerfully, “Look, my goddess is calling me. I really like this girl. Should I bring her over and introduce her to you?” 
“No.” 
The other two answered in one voice. It was clear that they didn’t want to waste their time meeting a woman that wouldn’t have any relations with Vincent in the future. 
Vincent’s face darkened. “D*mn!” 
He got up and walked out. “I’m going out to take this call. I’ll be back shortly.” 
The other two didn’t make a sound. Vincent strode out in large strides. 
He paced back and forth in the corridor while on the phone when he saw a group of waiters serving up food. He rubbed his stomach. Tsk, he was feeling a little hungry. 
The door of a private room opened. 
Vincent looked over subconsciously, and his face changed when he saw two familiar figures. 
He immediately said to the other person on the phone, “Baby, something important suddenly came up. I’ll call you again later.” 
Once the other party responded, Vincent walked to his private room in a hurry.
Gareth and Jeremy were drinking. When Vincent saw Gareth, he said, “I just saw a woman that you’ll definitely be interested in.” 
Gareth wrinkled his brows and looked at Vincent slightly impatiently. 
Jeremy clearly thought of something. He immediately asked, “Elisa?” 
Gareth’s expression turned cold. He looked at Vincent again. 
Vincent nodded. “I saw her in the private room next door with a man. The waiters were just heading in with food. I only saw two people in the room. One man and one woman. As for the man, do you know who he is?” 
Vincent got all excited. “I saw him clearly just now.” 
Jeremy furrowed his brows slightly. If it was an ordinary man, Vincent may not be acting like this. The person must be some sort of threat to Gareth or a danger to Elisa. 
Could it be… Will? 
Seeing Gareth’s face darken, he asked on behalf of Gareth. “Who in the world is it?” 
Gareth’s face was black as he looked at Vincent. 
Vincent clicked his tongue. “Philip Whitford.” 
Jeremy’s face changed slightly, and he looked at Gareth instantly. The temperature in the room was clearly colder than before. 
Jeremy immediately asked, “Garry, you know full well what kind of person Philip is. If the two of them are together, Elisa is in danger.”
Vincent suddenly laughed. “That’s not necessarily true. After all, Elisa is divorced, and she’s single. It’s her freedom to do as she pleases. She’s not a fool.” 
Jeremy’s brows wrinkled. Before he could say anything, Vincent spoke up again. “Furthermore, Elisa’s reputation precedes her now. As a first-rate lawyer, she’s made countless people afraid that she would sue them to bankruptcy if they’re not careful. Also, Garry’s grandma is protecting her. Philip has to think before he makes a move.” 
Gareth’s face was so cloudy it was almost about to rain. He sat in his seat, unmoving. 
Vincent looked at Gareth with a half-smile and continued to add fuel to the fire. “Why do you look so bad? Since you and Linda can make eyes at each other, it’s only expected that she would look for a new flame. Don’t tell me that you want to break them up?” 
Gareth’s sharp gaze was suddenly directed at Vincent. Vincent was secretly overjoyed.
###chapter313
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 313
Chapter 313 Differentiate Between Work and Personal Matters 
He knew that the fellow couldn’t let her go but was still pretending that he didn’t care. 
He wanted to see what Gareth would do next. 
Vincent crossed his legs, and there was still a devious smile on his face. 
Jeremy looked at Gareth and advised him. “There’s nothing that Philip can’t do. This person is very bold. Moreover, you and Elisa are divorced. Elisa poses no threat to him.” 
Vincent smiled. He sat crossed-legged and said leisurely, “That’s not necessarily the case. Doesn’t Will have his eye on Elisa now? With him around, Mr. Whitford might be afraid and may not dare to do anything to Elisa. I saw the two of them sitting together just now, and he looked quite well-behaved. I’m afraid he might sign the contract willingly this time.” 
Gareth was dumbfounded. 
Seeing him aloof from the start until the end and having an unbelievably dark face, Vincent laughed out loud. “Alright, I was just gossiping with you. Let’s continue with our fun. Come on, let’s drink. You have to celebrate the fact that I have a girlfriend.” 
As he spoke, he had already poured out alcohol for Gareth and Jeremy. 
Gareth suddenly lifted his eyes and glanced coldly at Vincent. 
Vincent’s blood froze a little when faced with such a conniving gaze. His brows furrowed slightly. “Why are you looking at me?” 
…
At this time, on Elisa’s end, food was served. 
Elisa turned to look at Philip. There was a smile in the corner of his mouth, and his shrewd eyes were filled with deceit. Furthermore, she didn’t miss the way he was sizing up her figure from time to time. 
Philip said cheerfully, “Have a bite, Ms. Benett. These dishes are pretty good.” 
Elisa smiled and nodded. She took some food, and it was by her lips when she caught a whiff of a faint scent. She slowly put down her utensils. There was a sliver of a smile in the corner of her mouth. “Mr. Whitford, I was looking for you…” 
“Ms. Benett, why don’t we eat first?” Mr. Whitford interrupted Elisa again, and there was slight annoyance in his voice. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes slightly. “If I’m unconscious after eating, won’t this meeting today have been for nothing?” 
Philip immediately smiled as he retorted, “Why would it have been for nothing?” 
Spending the night with him wouldn’t have been for nothing. 
All the women who had been with him had experienced seventh heaven. 
They all praised him for his outstanding performance. Elisa would be considered lucky if she could get together with him. 
Elisa’s expression was calm as she smiled and looked at Philip. “Mr. Whitford, I came here sincerely today. If you don’t look at the proposal today, I can assure you that you would suffer a loss of hundreds of millions.”
Philip’s brows wrinkled, and he looked at her immediately. “What do you mean by that, Ms. Benett? Don’t tell me that you’re working with my enemies to sue my company?” 
At that moment, there was discontent in his voice. 
Of course, he did his homework when he wanted to conquer this woman. Furthermore, Elisa had such a great reputation. How could he not know? 
It was just that the spicier a dish like hers was, the more he couldn’t control himself. 
He would rather take the risk and get a taste of her. 
Elisa smiled. “How could that be? I meant that the contract today could give you a net profit of hundreds of millions, Mr. Whitford.” 
Philip was a little astonished. “Hundreds of millions?” 
Elisa nodded, and she was at ease. “Yes. Should I take the proposal out for you to look at, Mr. Whitford? Once we close our deal today, it wouldn’t be too late to eat, would it? We would feel different too. I heard rumors that you aren’t a sloppy person and that you know how to differentiate between work and personal matters, Mr. Whitford.”
###chapter314
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 314
Chapter 314 Do You Really Not Want to Think About It?” 
Philip didn’t rush to say anything. In fact, he looked at Elisa thoughtfully. 
Elisa’s expression was particularly at ease. She didn’t show too much emotion. 
As expected, he did add something to the food. 
But he was the only other person in the room, so Elisa wasn’t afraid. 
Philip smiled. “That makes sense, Ms. Benett. But you know that many things aren’t just done for nothing. Seeing that you’ve been out in the world until now, I’m sure you know the ways of the world well, don’t you?” 
As he was speaking, he lifted his hand. 
Seeing that he was about to touch her hand, Elisa avoided it with ease, as though she didn’t care that his hand was frozen in mid-air. 
The sliver of a smile in the corner of Philip’s mouth was a little stiff. But in the next moment, he resumed his composure. He looked at Elisa and smiled. “The world is like this nowadays, Ms. Benett. You should know what I want and what you need to give. I heard rumors that you’re being trained properly since you’ve returned to the company. You’re assigned with such heavy responsibility. If you can’t even close a deal with me, how will you find your footing in Benett Corporation?” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. Philip must be used to doing such things, so he had such a precise grasp of her situation when he spoke. 
Seeing that Elisa wasn’t saying anything, Philip said cheerfully, “Look, if I sign this contract, you won’t be at a loss, Ms. Benett. You were married once. Spending one night with me won’t affect you much.
Furthermore, you’ll be able to get a huge commission through me, won’t you? If we have a further connection this time, I’m sure I can help you with your future projects.” 
Elisa suddenly burst out laughing. “Since I’m here, I’ve already inquired about your history, Mr. Whitford. You’re good at capturing the hearts of others and offering benefits to the other party. But after the deed is done, it appears like you haven’t fulfilled any promises at all, have you?” 
Philip’s brows furrowed immediately. He put his utensils down and said irritably, “It seems like you don’t plan on closing this deal today, do you, Ms. Benett? If that’s the case, I don’t think we can have a further connection. You may leave.” 
Elisa didn’t take offense to anything Philip was saying. With a half-smile, she said, “Your company is in a dilemma right now. I’m sure you’ve been very worried about this, haven’t you, Mr. Benett?” 
Philip looked at her with slight displeasure. “What do you mean by that? Are you mocking my company for being incompetent?” 
Although his company wasn’t like Benett Corporation, it was still in the global top hundred. Many people were envious of him. 
But Elisa was ridiculing him now? 
Elisa smiled and said smoothly, “Although this partnership only has hundreds of millions in profit, do you believe me when I say that it can make your company enter the top ten or better?” 
Philip’s expression suddenly darkened. He looked at Elisa. At that moment, his gaze wasn’t as lustful as before. 
“What in the world are you trying to say?”
Elisa wasn’t in a rush to tell him about it immediately. She teased him with it as she smiled, “Sometimes, you can’t just look at the profits before your eyes, Mr. Whitford. Of course, the proposal in my hands is beneficial to Benett Corporation, but it’s nothing compared to you. Do you really not want to think about it?” 
Robert was stunned by what she said. He felt that something wasn’t right, but… now he was really curious about Elisa’s proposal.
###chapter315
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 315
Chapter 315 Everywhere 
“Since you’re so well prepared, Ms. Benett, show me your proposal. Let me take a look at it.” 
Elisa smiled as she took out her proposal. 
Previously, when Philip discussed partnerships with others, he had never been manipulated like this before, especially by a woman. 
But now, because of this woman, he was in a passive state. But if what Elisa said was true, even if he was being manipulated, he was fine with it. 
Philip took the proposal that Elisa had passed to him. At that moment, he wasn’t in a rush to do anything with her. In fact, he started to look at it seriously. 
The more he read, the more fearful he got. But since he was an old geezer, after all, none of it was shown on his face. 
Philip only put the proposal down once he was done reading it. 
But… 
Elisa had done her research before this. 
If Philip wasn’t interested, he definitely wouldn’t read the proposal in its entirety. He was disrespectful like that. 
By the way he was reading it seriously in full, Elisa was completely sure that he was at least eighty percent interested in the project or more.
Elisa was in no rush to speak. Meanwhile, Philip said with a half-smile, “I have to say that the proposal is pretty good, but proposals like these are one and the same in the market. Why do you think that this proposal can make Whitford Group rise in ranks?” 
Elisa answered in a calm and composed manner. “You’ve read the proposal, but since you’ve done your research on me, you should know that I won’t get fired if I can’t close the deal with you.” 
Philip suddenly laughed. “You can’t say that. You should know, Ms. Benett, that if you have my help, it’s your turn to rise in the ranks. But without my help, maybe others wouldn’t want to work with you for my sake because I didn’t agree to work with you.” 
What he said seemed innocent, but Elisa wasn’t a fool. She could clearly hear Philip threatening her. 
If she went against Philip today, he would definitely interfere in her matters in the future so that she wouldn’t be able to close any deals. 
Elisa chuckled. “If you insist on being this way, Mr. Whitford, then we have nothing to talk about. And I can only go back to my respectable career of being a lawyer to fight for the justice of people.” 
She emphasized the last few words and even enunciated it. 
It was evident that she was threatening Philip. If he had the nerve to do anything to her, he couldn’t blame her for being vicious and merciless. 
Philip’s face immediately darkened. 
“It seems like we’re in an impasse until the end, aren’t we, Ms. Benett?” 
Elisa smiled. “You see the big picture, Mr. Whitford. Getting to know each other is our destiny, but even if we become strangers after today, we can’t forget what happened today, can we? Becoming enemies
would only hurt the both of us.” 
The corner of Philip’s mouth twitched. “Lawyers are different indeed. You really have the gift of the gab, Ms. Benett.” 
Elisa’s lips curved slightly. “That’s on me. Why don’t you think about this proposal, Mr. Whitford. If you want to rise in ranks, you have to use opportunities and tricks. I’m sure you’re aware of the Benett family’s tyrannical business. If you miss this chance, I may have to look for other people. You have to realize that corporations like Benett Corporation are one in a million, but corporations like yours are everywhere, aren’t they?” 
“You…!” Philip’s expression was livid. 
But Elisa had already kept the proposal. She smiled. “That’s all I have to say. Why don’t you think about it, Mr. Whitford? You can call me any time.” 
As she said it, Elisa stood up, but Philip suddenly got up and blocked her.
###chapter316
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 316
Chapter 316 Stomach Full of Rage 
There would be times where anybody would feel reluctant when asked to do anything. 
Furthermore, Mr. Whitford had put a lot of thought and done a lot of research on a gorgeous woman like Elisa. If he let Elisa leave, it would be impossible for him to be contented. 
Elisa stepped back at once. She looked at Philip. “Do you have other questions, Mr. Whitford?” 
Philip smiled and looked at Elisa. “Wouldn’t you say that everything can be discussed, Ms. Benett?” 
“Why don’t we sit down and have a few drinks while we continue eating? I’m pretty satisfied with the contract. If we finish the meal together, I will work with Benett Corporation.” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly. Philip smiled as he said, “But if you really don’t want to, then… it’s fine if we don’t work together.” 
She looked at Philip rather meaningfully. “Did you drug the food, Mr. Whitford?” 
Philip was dumbfounded. 
“Do you insist on humiliating me, Ms. Benett?” 
Elisa didn’t say anything. 
But in the next moment, the door of their private room was opened. 
Philip immediately turned around, annoyed. Who was it? Didn’t they know that he was dealing with important matters?
But when he saw that it was a man with an exceedingly graceful manner, his expression changed. The next moment, he plastered a smile on his face at once. “Oh, Mr. Shane. Why are you here? Did you enter the wrong room, or did you come looking for me? Haha, I am so honored by your presence.” 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. She never thought that she would bump into Vincent here. 
Vincent wasn’t in a rush to shut the door. He made his way over, and seeing the table full of delicacies, he sat down in a carefree manner. “Mr. Whitford. Ms. Benett. The two of you are eating together? You don’t mind another guest, do you? It just so happened that I’m hungry.” 
Philip wrinkled his brows silently. 
If Vincent was just a lawyer, maybe he wouldn’t have cared. But this person and his family background were important. He couldn’t afford to offend the Shane family! 
He was different from Elisa. 
There was such a big difference. 
Philip immediately said cheerfully, “What a coincidence! It’s my privilege that you showed up, Mr. Shane.” 
Vincent smiled. “I’ve been wanting to eat with you for a long time, Mr. Whitford. But now there’s a woman interfering. That’s not too nice, is it?” 
Philip’s expression changed slightly. He looked at Vincent while sizing him up. 
He knew that Vincent definitely wouldn’t eat a meal with him for no good reason. After beating around the bush for so long, was he here to protect Elisa? 
Philip had spent so much effort, and this woman was just going to escape in the end?
He was feeling so reluctant! 
Elisa stood where she was, unmoving. She hadn’t sealed the deal. With Vincent’s actions, it was very possible that she was about to lose what she had almost caught. 
“Do you mind, Mr. Whitford?” Vincent picked up an untouched set of utensils. 
Seeing him take the utensils with such ease and put food onto his plate, Elisa’s brows furrowed slightly. “Some of the food might not be very tasty, Mr. Shane.” 
Vincent looked at Elisa with a stomach full of rage. 
But he couldn’t take it out on her. In fact, he had to protect this woman! 
He came out to have fun today, but Gareth, the stupid man. Gareth couldn’t have fun when they were gathered together. Gareth had to make him put things right for Elisa. 
Gareth still acted like he didn’t care about the woman. What an incredibly stubborn man! Then why did Gareth make him come to protect Elisa? 
D*mn! 
He still had a stomach full of rage when he looked at Elisa. 
He couldn’t beat her at racing, and he couldn’t defeat her in court. How could he be so useless in front of this woman? 
Seeing Vincent look at her with such rage, Elisa was baffled.
###chapter317
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 317
Chapter 317 Are You Also Interested in Men? 
Vincent smiled. “You don’t have to worry about that, Ms. Benett.” 
As soon as he said it, he took a big bite of food. 
Mr. Whitford’s face changed. 
Elisa wanted to stop him, but she was too late. 
Her expression changed slightly. She was about to say something when Vincent spoke up again. “Let me repeat myself one more time. Let her go. Otherwise, I’m afraid there’ll be some kind of misunderstanding between us.” 
Philip knew best whether the food was drugged. Seeing Vincent eat the food, he didn’t dare to keep Elisa here. He was afraid that there would be trouble in the future, so he looked at Elisa immediately. “You can leave. Let’s talk about the partnership next time.” 
Vincent furrowed his brows instantly. “What partnership? What is there to partner with? You can just partner with the Shane family in the future, Mr. Whitford.” 
Vincent spoke as he ate. 
He was really hungry. 
But he didn’t drink any alcohol. The ordinary person would put something in the alcohol if they were up to their tricks. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. She didn’t say anything as she walked out. 
Vincent shouldn’t have appeared without good cause today. Maybe… it was to help her out of trouble.
But she and Vincent weren’t friends… 
After hesitating for a while, Elisa walked out. She took out her cell phone and called Gareth’s assistant. 
Thomas felt that it was a little strange that Elisa was calling him, but he answered the call anyway. “Hello, Ms. Benett. Are you looking for Mr. Wickam?” 
Elisa was calm. “Can I trouble you to call Gareth? Tell him that Vincent has been drugged by those things. Vincent might not even know about it. I’ll send you a location.” 
Thomas was a little astonished, but he still responded. “Alright. I will call Mr. Wickam.” 
Elisa left after informing Thomas. 
… 
At that moment, Gareth was still in the private room. When he suddenly received a call from Thomas, he answered without hesitation. 
“Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett just called me, she said…” 
Thomas repeated everything Elisa had said. 
Gareth’s brows immediately furrowed. “I understand.” 
When he hung up, Gareth looked at Jeremy right away. 
“Vincent has been drugged. Let’s go.” 
Jeremy’s expression froze. He got up immediately and ran to the private room next door.
At the moment, Vincent didn’t want to exchange pleasantries with Mr. Whitford any longer. When he got up to leave, the door of the private room was opened all of a sudden. 
Mr. Whitford was already feeling bad enough. He never thought that another person would barge in. But when he saw that it was Jeremy and Gareth, his expression changed abruptly… 
Did they… did they suspect something was up! 
Jeremy was a doctor! 
Without waiting for Philip to greet them, Jeremy made his way over. Vincent was a little stupefied as he looked at the two of them. “Why did the both of you come over? Elisa has left.” 
Philip’s heart sank again. 
Could it be! 
Did Gareth make Vincent come over? 
They… they! 
Mr. Whitford was feeling extremely nervous. Before he could think about anything else, Jeremy had already lifted his hand to check Vincent’s pulse 
Vincent was stunned. “It can’t be that bad. I only took two bites.” 
Jeremy glanced at him coldly. “Don’t you know what you should and shouldn’t eat?” 
If Philip wasn’t around, he wanted to say, even Elisa didn’t eat or drink a single bite. She was the one who told Thomas. There was something wrong with Vincent. How did this fellow get drugged?
Jeremy pulled his hand back and looked at Philip with a half-smile. “What’s up? Not only do you like women but are you also interested in men now?”
###chapter318
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 318
Chapter 318 This Is a Misunderstanding! 
Philip’s eyelids trembled, and his expression had changed completely. He shook his head at once. “No, that’s not the case, Mr. Chase. This is a misunderstanding!” 
He felt like crying. 
Everyone knew that Vincent, Jeremy, and Gareth were as close as biological brothers. 
But now… 
The condiments that he added were ingested by Vincent! 
Vincent’s face suddenly darkened. “Are you mad? You put it in the food?” 
Philip shook his head at once. “That’s… that’s not the case, I…” 
Gareth’s face was getting darker. 
“D*mn, I’m really drugged. Where’s the antidote?” Vincent was feeling a little hot at the moment. 
Philip was about to cry… 
Everyone knew about what had happened. He couldn’t defend himself at all. 
Jeremy pressed a spot-on Vincent’s body and made a call. 
Gareth walked over slowly. He pulled out a chair and sat down. 
He didn’t say a single word, but his dark expression was enough to show that he was in an extremely foul mood. It was very likely that he would erupt in the next moment, and Whitford Group would instantly be in ruins.
Jeremy could clearly see that something was wrong. He hung up and looked coldly at Philip. 
“You’re free to like women, Mr. Whitford. But it’s not right for you to force them.” 
Vincent didn’t feel drugged anymore. He immediately looked at Philip, furious. “Are you an idiot? You have the nerve to lay a hand on a woman like Elisa. Don’t you know that she’s the person in Gareth’s heart?” 
Gareth’s face suddenly became darker. 
But at that moment, he didn’t refute it. 
Philip was trembling. He was dumbfounded. 
He looked at Gareth disbelievingly, only to see that Gareth’s eyes were filled with annoyance. Could it be… like what Vincent had said? 
But if that was the case, then why did they get a divorce? 
He shook his head at once. “No, no… This is a misunderstanding. It’s a misunderstanding! Ms. Benett was the one who looked for me of her own accord. She wanted to discuss a partnership with me, and I’m used to this place, so I agreed to meet her here. Maybe the servers here know my daily habits well, so they did this without me knowing. I… I really didn’t mean to do it. Mr. Wickam, please don’t misunderstand. With Elisa’s status, even if she didn’t have relations with you, she’s Iris after all. I… I wouldn’t dare!” 
Vincent laughed in anger. “Everyone knows you have the guts to do it! How dare you say that you didn’t mean to?”
Philip started crying as he explained. “I didn’t, no… I promise that I won’t do it again! Never again! Mr. Wickam, if you’re willing to give me a chance and cut me some slack, I will do anything you want! Mr. Shane, this is a misunderstanding between us as well, please give me a chance…” 
Even though Philip was lewd, he didn’t dare to drag it on any longer. He could only explain in panic. 
… 
At the time, Elisa had already left. She didn’t quite understand what happened with Mr. Whitford this time. 
Before she could think about it any further, her cell phone rang. When she saw that it was a call from Mr. Whitford’s assistant, her brows furrowed slightly. Did Vincent leave, and did Philip want her to go back? 
But with the contract in her hands, she could only answer the call. “Hello.” 
The assistant said at once, “Hello, Ms. Benett. Mr. Whitford wants me to let you know that he’s very pleased with your proposal. There will be specialized personnel who will follow up with you on this. When you’re free, you can arrange for the person in charge of this project to sign the contract with us. Mr. Whitford is agreeable to all your requests. Let us know… when would be a convenient time for you.”
###chapter319
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 319
Chapter 319 A Family Full of Good Tricks 
Elisa raised her brows in surprise. She had only contacted Philip’s assistant a few times. Although the assistant had always been very polite, this time, she could feel the assistant trying to win her favor. 
What had just happened between Vincent and Philip? 
Did Vincent help her? 
Elisa pursed her lips, and she finally said, “Alright. I will get the person in charge to contact you. Happy partnership.” 
“Happy partnership. Do you have any other instructions, Ms. Benett?” 
Instructions? 
Pfft. 
Vincent must have done something to make Philip come to a compromise so quickly. It seemed like she had to bear this favor of his. 
“No, there’s nothing else. Goodbye.” 
“Alright, Ms. Benett. Goodbye.” 
The call ended like that. 
Five contracts. She was more or less done with two. Gareth definitely wouldn’t drop the ball for Linda’s sake, and Philip wouldn’t dare to drop the ball.
As for Will… Elisa narrowed her eyes. If there wasn’t a response from him in the next few days, she should call him. 
After that, she would have two projects left to discuss. 
She had to contact a certain woman for one of the projects. 
She had heard rumors that this woman was a demanding yet patient hunter. 
The woman was reclusive and proud but had a sharp vision. She was up to date on what was happening in the market. 
If Elisa wanted to close the deal with this woman, she would have to put in a lot of effort. 
While she was pondering, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
Seeing that it was a call from Rose, Elisa answered. 
“Is something wrong, Aunt Rose?” 
“Liz, your Uncle Norman bought a villa elsewhere. We’re deciding to move there tomorrow. If you miss this place, you can move back.” 
“Alright, Aunt Rose.” 
“What time will you come to the house tomorrow, Liz? Aunt Rose will make your favorite food.” 
Scorn flickered across Elisa’s eyes. They had caused the death of her father and seized her father’s property, but they could still feign civility with her. Uncle Norman’s family of three was unmatched with their big smiles and evil intentions.
She didn’t want to pay too much attention to it, so she replied calmly, “It’s fine, Aunt Rose. I have a project I need to discuss tomorrow. Next time.” 
“I see. Liz, to be honest, the company belongs to the Benett family. Although Uncle Norman has high hopes for you, truthfully, you’re a girl. You still have to get married in the future, so you don’t have to work so hard. I get so distressed when I see you like that. You have to take care of yourself, alright?” 
Elisa sneered silently. The father and daughter did all sorts of tricks to make things difficult for her just so she couldn’t stand on her own two feet in the company. 
Even though Rose said that she was feeling distressed, in reality, Rose was advising her to give up. 
Heh. 
The whole family had such good tricks up their sleeve. 
“I understand. Thank you, Aunt Rose.” 
She would get revenge on behalf of her father sooner or later! 
None of those who had plotted against her father would get off the hook! 
“Mm. Rest well tonight, Liz. Aunt Rose still has to pack up, so I’ll get off the phone. Come over and chat with me when you have the time.” 
“Alright.” 
The two of them didn’t say anymore, and they hung up. 
Elisa looked at her cell phone screen, and her eyes were filled with disdain.
She didn’t want to hesitate any longer. She wanted to go home. 
In the blink of an eye, two days had passed. 
Elisa had already arranged for the person in charge to sign the contract with Philip. 
When the people in Elisa’s department found out that she had closed the deal with Philip, their eyes were full of inquisitiveness. 
Everyone knew full well what kind of person Philip was. She was able to close the deal so easily, could it be…
###chapter320
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 320
Chapter 320 Fan the Flames 
Did Philip give her some rules to follow? 
Philip was an old geezer. Not only did he set certain rules for some girls, but he would also play dumb once he got his pants on. 
Many people had been disgraced by him for nothing. They couldn’t even close the deal. 
But… it couldn’t be ruled out that Philip really liked a certain woman, or he signed the contract because he liked a certain project. 
After all, he was never the type to suffer losses. 
Even if he liked a certain project, he would never sign the contract without taking advantage of the person. 
As for Elisa… 
Many people started to discuss this fervently. 
“Did Elisa do it?” 
“I think it’s impossible. She’s too special. Even if Philip is bold, I don’t think he would dare to do anything to Elisa? Maybe her project is really that good?” 
“Don’t be silly. Ms. Benett made it clear that she wanted to make things difficult for Elisa. How could she make Elisa do something simple? Maybe the proposal was really bad. If that’s the case…” 
“Everything is pointing to a disaster.”
Kira was very worried about Elisa. She looked at Elisa with a complicated expression. “Liz, Philip agreed so easily and quickly. He… Did he…” 
Elisa smiled. “No.” 
Kira was a little surprised. “Really?” 
“Really.” 
There was a trace of a smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips. 
She could clearly see that the people in the company were looking at her differently, but it wasn’t the time to come clean yet. 
Actually, she personally didn’t care about how others viewed her, but she was in the company. This wouldn’t do. 
If there was any stain on her, Linda would make a mountain out of a molehill. When the time came, everyone would think that she got promoted by sleeping around. The higher management wouldn’t acknowledge her either. 
But now, Norman and his family ruled the company. If she wanted to take back Benett Corporation in a rightful manner and make Norman and his family suffer, she had to follow the rules. 
It was just that… 
Elisa never imagined that without waiting for evidence, there were already people who were rushing to prove that she had been disgraced by Philip. 
Three days later, Linda was pushed by Yara as she came to Elisa’s office. 
The chitchat about Elisa hadn’t lessened in the past two days. In fact, it had worsened.
Of course, only Linda knew how much she had fanned the flames. 
Seeing Linda’s arrival, everyone was particularly curious. 
Did she come to make Elisa clear the air? Or did she come to penalize Elisa? 
Everyone was focused on her. 
Elisa raised her head and narrowed her eyes a little. 
Linda smiled at looked at everyone else. “Is everyone free tonight? I’m hosting a celebration dinner on my cousin’s behalf. In just a few short days, she has closed two deals.” 
Everyone else was slightly astonished. 
“Two?” 
Elisa looked at Linda. She didn’t say anything. 
She wanted to see what tricks Linda had up her sleeve. 
Linda looked at everyone cheerfully. “That’s right. This includes Wickam Group.” 
Everyone else was surprised. Wickam Group? 
Everyone felt that the Wickam Group assignment was the most impossible for her to succeed at since Gareth was personally in charge of it. 
No one thought that… 
Could it be that Old Madam Wickam forced Gareth to agree?
“Yes. Two days ago, Liz closed the deal with Mr. Wickam. At the time, I told Mr. Wickam that he didn’t have to do it for anyone’s sake, but he said that Liz’s abilities are really quite good.” 
After Linda said it, everyone’s expression became more complicated. 
So, after all the hubbub, Gareth only signed the contract because of Linda? 
Everyone looked at Elisa differently again.
###chapter321
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 321
Chapter 321 Mr. Wickam Can Tell 
They still thought Elisa had it in her. After all, she was a top-rate lawyer. 
But from how they saw it now, she was better at being a lawyer. 
Linda saw the scorn in everyone’s eyes as they looked at Elisa. The corners of her mouth curved slightly as she smiled at everyone and said, “So I’ll be the host tonight and treat everyone to a meal. Are all of you free tonight? It’s alright if you’re busy.” 
Ms. Benett was the chairman’s daughter! Who had the right to say no? 
Even if they didn’t want to go, they had to. 
Of course, many wanted to watch the action. If they were lucky, there might even be juicy gossip for them! 
“Ms. Benett is being so kind. Of course we have to go! I don’t have anything to do tonight.” 
“Me neither.” 
… 
Amidst the commotion, Linda giggled. “If that’s the case, we’ll go ahead. Don’t go home when work ends. We’ll leave from here.” 
There was nothing but disdain in Elisa’s eyes. Linda never said a single word to her about this from the start until finish. 
If she had turned Linda down in front of everyone, Linda wouldn’t be humiliated. In fact, others would think that she was unappreciative of being acknowledged, and rumors about her would spread.
Rumors that she was incapable, lacking character, and ungrateful for familial affection. How would she be worthy to enter the higher level of the company? 
Linda did such a thing with great fanfare today only because she invited Philip as well. 
Elisa could counter Linda’s every move. She was looking for an opportunity to clear the air, and now, Linda served it up on a platter. She could clear things up as soon as possible, so why shouldn’t she do it? 
Amongst everyone’s anticipation, Elisa suddenly received a call from Thomas. 
“Mr. May.” 
“Ms. Benett, Mr. Wickam has reviewed the proposal in its entirety, and we’ve signed the contract. As the project is starting soon, Mr. Wickam wants to know when you’ll be able to come over.” 
Elisa raised her brows. She knew that Gareth meant for her to go there today. She had to arrive at whatever time he wanted her to. 
But Thomas made it sound good. 
He may have anticipated that she would go there at once, so she wouldn’t feel as uneasy when she heard it. 
Holding her cell phone, Elisa answered serenely. “I’m available at any time. It’s up to Mr. Wickam.” 
Thomas smiled. “Alright. Please come to Wickam Group now, Ms. Benett. This proposal has basically no similarities with the previous proposal, so Mr. Wickam means for you to come alone and not drag along any useless people.” 
Elisa furrowed her brows a little. “But I made improvements on the foundation of others, and…”
“You don’t have to worry about that. We will communicate it with Benett Corporation. Furthermore, Mr. Wickam can tell that you were the one who planned this proposal.” 
“Moreover, the person who had previously planned it doesn’t have the heart to do this, and they don’t want to be in charge of this project either. You don’t have to worry, Ms. Benett.” 
Seeing that Thomas had already said so much, Elisa couldn’t say anything else. She could only answer, “Alright. I’ll come over now.” 
She hung up and informed Kira before she left. 
After all, other than the manager and assistant manager, Kira was in charge of everything else in the office as the team leader. 
Soon, Elisa reached Gareth’s company with all the necessary materials. 
She saw Thomas sitting in the waiting area once she arrived. 
The receptionist was puzzled about why Elisa was there when Thomas suddenly spoke up, “Ms. Benett.”
###chapter322
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 322
Chapter 322 No Opinions Tolerated 
Elisa nodded and made her way over. 
“Let’s go,” Thomas said as he led Elisa to the elevators. 
It was the president’s personal elevator. 
The receptionist didn’t care about anything else. She took out her cell phone and started to discuss it in the group chat with other staff members. 
—Pearl Ward (Reception): ‘Elisa just came over! And Mr. May was the one who received her! They went up in the president’s private elevator!’ 
With just one message, the whole company was in an uproar! 
—Kai Harper (Administrative Department): ‘Oh my god! Really? The two of them are still in contact?’ 
— 
— 
Messages of astonishment, disbelief, as well as endless envy and jealousy filled the group chat. 
… 
—Frankie Rodgers (Sales Department): ‘I have a relative in the marketing department of Benett Corporation. It seems like Elisa has started working there recently, and they have a partnership project with Wickam Group. I heard that Mr. Wickam agreed to Elisa’s proposal for Linda’s sake.’
—Pearl (Reception): ‘I see. But Elisa is too lucky. She got a divorce from Mr. Wickam, but she can still be so connected to him. She has such a good life, doesn’t she?’ 
While everyone was discussing, Elisa and Thomas arrived at Gareth’s office. 
Thomas knocked on the door as usual. 
“Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett is here.” 
“Come in.” 
His voice was crisp as usual, unstained by anything. 
After Elisa made her way in, Thomas closed the door and continued on with his own work. 
They were the only two in the office. 
This time, Gareth didn’t give her the cold shoulder while he was busy with his work. Instead, he lifted his cold eyes and looked at her with a sharp glance. 
He scoffed coldly. “How do you feel after almost selling yourself out for a partnership?” 
It was as though Elisa was used to his mockery and ridicule. She curved her lips slightly. “That’s my business. You don’t have to worry about me, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth’s face darkened. 
Elisa didn’t know that if it wasn’t for Gareth, Philip wouldn’t have agreed to the contract so easily. 
Elisa… thought that it was because of Vincent. 
Maybe an outsider could see the whole picture.
But Elisa didn’t know. She thought that Gareth loathed her, and he would never do something like that to help her. 
So… she clearly felt like it had nothing to do with Gareth. 
Gareth sneered coldly and said in an indifferent manner, “As the person in charge of this project, you have to go with me to Southdale for an inspection of the project tomorrow.” 
Elisa’s expression changed slightly. Go on a business trip with him? 
She looked at Gareth. “How long will it take?” 
Back then, she had indeed promised this person that she would follow up with everything else. 
She never thought that Gareth really wanted her to come along. 
With Gareth’s intelligence, she basically didn’t need to do anything on this sort of project. 
Furthermore, she thought that Gareth would look for someone in his company to do these things. She never imagined that he would want her to come along. 
But this was her job and what she had promised. She was bound to her duty. 
However, if it surpassed the time to complete other partnership contracts… 
From what Linda said, even if she had official business, she wouldn’t be excused. 
“One week.” The icy voice wasn’t going to tolerate any opinions. 
Elisa secretly breathed a sigh of relief at once. She nodded her head. “Alright.”
Gareth looked at her coldly and rubbed the bridge of his nose restlessly. He didn’t want to look at Elisa anymore. He handed her a document and said, “You can go and prepare for it. You may leave.”
###chapter323
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 323
Chapter 323 This Woman Was Doing It on Purpose! 
Elisa took the documents he passed to her. She didn’t say anything as she walked out. 
She could wait for Thomas to inform her of the specifics. 
But when she reached Benett Corporation and was about to head to the office, she was stopped by Yara. 
Elisa recognized her. She was Linda’s assistant. 
Yara looked at Elisa with a complicated expression. She paused for a moment before saying in a soft voice, “Ms. Elisa, Ms. Linda is looking for you. Please follow me.” 
Elisa nodded and didn’t say anything. 
When she arrived at Linda’s office, she saw her sitting behind the office desk as usual. Scorn flickered across Elisa’s eyes. 
She had already started investigating what Linda did before and she hoped that Linda would hold on until the end. 
Yara left and closed the door. 
Linda looked at Elisa. “Did you go to Wickam Group?” 
Elisa’s expression darkened. The next moment, she said with a half-smile, “Yes. Thanks to you, I closed the deal. Now, Mr. Wickam wants me to be in charge of the project. I have to go on a business trip with him to Southdale tomorrow for a week.” 
Linda’s expression changed instantly. ‘You’re going on a business trip with him?”
Elisa nodded. “Yes.” 
Linda furrowed her brows at once. In a cold voice, she said, “You’re from the marketing department of Benett Corporation. Your job is to discuss partnerships, not to do anything else. By going with Gareth, it’s considered skipping work.” 
“So do you not want me to go, Linda?” 
Linda suppressed the rage within her. Seeing Elisa’s seemingly reluctant expression, she smiled. “There’s no other way. Every company has its own regulations. Liz, I can’t abuse my position for personal matters. Furthermore, with how smug you are, I’m sure you won’t agree.” 
Elisa nodded. “I’m okay.” 
“What do you mean by that?” Linda stared straight at Elisa. Does it mean that she is going or not? 
Elisa smiled. “After all, I’ve completed my task. Whether the contract continues is not my business. But there’s something I want to tell you, Linda. Otherwise, you’ll be oblivious when you’re the target of public criticism.” 
Linda wrinkled her brows tightly. “What in the world are you trying to say?” 
Previously, Linda used to be very aloof. She wouldn’t reveal any emotion in front of Elisa. But… after falling out with Elisa, she didn’t need to pretend any longer. 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “If I don’t go. Gareth might terminate the contract in a rage. It’s all thanks to you that so many people have their eyes on me. Don’t you feel that someone might think you’re being jealous by deliberately stopping me from going with him?” 
“You…!”
Elisa smiled. “Even if you have maintained a good reputation, others might not believe you. Since Mr. Wickam agreed to sign the contract, if he suddenly terminates it, won’t others feel like the head of Benett Corporation is incapable? In similar fashion, won’t the chairman of Benett Corporation seem very incompetent?” 
Linda clenched her fists instantly. She didn’t say anything. 
Elisa smiled. “You’re my superior, so you call the shots. If you don’t want me to go, let me know. I won’t even tell him, I’ll just come to the office to work instead.” 
Linda was dumbstruck! 
This woman is doing it on purpose! 
No! I have to succeed tonight. I have to make Gareth completely disappointed with Elisa. This way, Elisa won’t have to oversee the assignment! 
But she didn’t understand why Garry had to make Elisa do it. With the proposal, anyone under their company or Wickam Group could carry it out, but Garry… 
Before she could think any further, Elisa’s voice made its way into her ears again.
###chapter324
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 324
Chapter 324 So Greasy 
“So Linda, if you’re afraid that his feelings for me will be reignited, quickly think of a way. Otherwise, I’ll really leave with him tomorrow.” 
“If this happened last time and our places were switched, what would you tell me? I think you would say, Liz, many things are out of our hands. I don’t want to ruin your relationship, but… he wants me to go. For our company’s sake, I can only follow along. Don’t worry, Liz. I will keep my distance with him, so it won’t cause any misunderstandings between the both of you.” 
Elisa mimicked her well and sounded exactly like her. 
Linda was speechless. 
Bang. 
In her rage, Linda slammed the table. 
“You’re too much, Elisa!” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “Mm. Since you don’t like me, I’ll return to my station. I’ll be waiting for you to…” 
Her smile deepened. “Host my celebration dinner at night.” 
As soon as she said it, she walked out without waiting for a reply from Linda. 
In the past, Elisa would treat Linda the same way that Linda treated her. It was already too much for Linda to bear. But what about in the future? 
“Yara!”
When she reached the door, Elisa heard Linda’s slightly irritable voice. Linda was speaking at a higher pitch than usual. 
When Elisa got back to her office, Kira looked at Elisa with worry. “You’re back, Liz.” 
She wanted to say something, but she didn’t know how to express it. Elisa seemed as though she didn’t see it. She smiled and nodded. “Mm.” 
“What about the partnership with Mr. Wickam…?” 
“The process is as before. You don’t have to worry about me, Kira.” 
Seeing Elisa so at ease without a single worry, the worry in Kira’s heart lessened subconsciously. 
In the midst of everyone’s anticipation, it was time to get off work. 
Linda told Julie to inform everyone in the group chat, so no one went home. Everyone headed to dinner together. 
Everyone went into the venue gradually. Elisa was among them, and she had an indifferent expression. 
Because Linda was the daughter of the chairman and she was in a wheelchair, it was only natural that she would be at the very front. 
Everyone sat down, wanting to see what kind of show would play out next. 
Because… just now in the group chat, Julie had said that this wasn’t just Elisa’s celebration dinner. Philip would be coming by as well! 
So this meant that!
Philip would also be here! 
This was such juicy gossip. Anyone would be a fool not to tune in. 
Once everyone was in their places, Linda smiled and looked at everybody. “I’ve told Ms. Kent to inform everyone that today is Liz’s celebration dinner, and at the same time, it’s a symbol of thanks to Mr. Whitford for working with our company, which was why I specially invited him. He is on the way, so please wait for a while, everyone. Food will be served once he’s here.” 
Everyone played along agreeably without any hesitation. No one said anything. 
At the moment, some were already trying to curry favor. 
Elisa sat quietly in her seat. She seemed like she didn’t speak much. 
She had been like this as well at the office for the past few days. Her colleagues didn’t think anything was strange with her. It was evident that they were used to it. 
While everyone was waiting in anticipation, Philip arrived. 
In the moment, everyone’s gaze was on Philip. They were clearly sizing him up. 
Some couldn’t help but discuss it with their colleagues in whispers. 
“Mr. Whitford is such a greasy man. How did Elisa bear it…”
###chapter325
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 325
Chapter 325 Looked Down on Women the Most 
“Who knows? But there’s a saying that even the devil can pull the millstone for you if you have the money.” 
“Is Elisa in need of money? She’s Iris after all.” 
“It was just an example. Since she joined the company, she has to stand out from the rest and make a good name for herself.” 
… 
Scorn streaked across Linda’s eyes. Perhaps Elisa was expecting her to make a move, but she wouldn’t have expected Linda to make Philip come here. 
Maybe Elisa was incredibly charming. When Philip heard that there was a celebration dinner in Elisa’s honor and he was invited, he agreed with much eagerness. 
She would tell Elisa all this in the end. 
She wanted Elisa to understand the consequences of provoking her. 
The number of people was informed beforehand, so there weren’t any extra chairs. Coincidentally, the last seat available was next to Elisa. 
Scorn streaked across her eyes. She didn’t care about things like that. 
Since she had the nerve to take up the challenge, how could Linda not do anything? 
Linda didn’t know that Elisa had already expected her to look for Philip to strike a brutal punch.
So how could she not be prepared? 
It was just that… 
Why did Philip seem particularly agreeable? 
Elisa felt that something wasn’t right. 
As Philip walked in, Linda watched him, and her eyes flashed. “You’re here, Mr. Whitford. Have a seat. I’m very thankful that you agreed to attend Liz’s celebration dinner.” 
Philip suddenly laughed out loud. “It’s nothing. Of course I have to attend Ms. Elisa’s celebration dinner!” 
It was as if everyone understood. The way they looked at Philip was as though they were telling him that they knew. 
The pit of Philip’s stomach suddenly shivered. He immediately thought of someone’s cold and murderous voice. 
“If I find out that even one person thinks that you had those kinds of relations with Elisa, your family can wait to be buried next to you.” 
Philip broke out in cold sweat. He suddenly looked at Elisa and bowed respectfully. 
“Ms. Elisa, discussing the partnership with you has benefitted me greatly. Whitford Group will rise in ranks through this project. You’re my savior! If you have any difficulties in the future, feel free to let me know. I, Philip Whitford, will take on all of it for you. Anyone who disrespects you will be my enemy!” 
Linda and everyone else were dumbfounded. 
What in the world is going on?
This wasn’t what everyone had imagined… 
With Philip’s personality, he would have sat next to her and started to caress her thigh the moment he saw Elisa. 
But what was he doing now? 
In that moment, Elisa was speechless and in a daze. 
Although she was prepared and contacted Philip beforehand, she never imagined that Philip would act so humbly. 
Something wasn’t right. 
Philip definitely didn’t treat her with such respect because of her warning. 
He was a well-connected person. How could he bow to others so easily? 
From her research, he looked down on women the most. 
But now he…? 
Linda gritted her teeth and smiled. “What are you doing, Mr. Whitford? Liz is much younger than you in terms of both experience and age. You don’t have to be so polite.” 
What seemed like a casual remark was clearly reminding Philip to act properly! 
Coldness flickered across Philip’s eyes instantly. It was as though the rage in him multiplied.
###chapter326
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 326
Chapter 326 Puzzled 
Of course he knew full well that Elisa wasn’t worthy of such treatment! If it wasn’t for Gareth! 
He gritted his teeth. When everyone was just about to clearly see what he was really thinking, Philip suddenly laughed. “You’re too kind, Ms. Linda. Ms. Elisa is my savior. I won’t forget it for the rest of my life. Can I pour you a glass of wine, Ms. Elisa?” 
Everyone looked at Philip with some doubt. He was being too eager. It didn’t seem like he gave Elisa any sort of rules. 
This was completely a one-sided defeat. 
From the beginning until the end, Elisa didn’t say a word. Her expression was exceptionally at ease. It was Philip who kept trying to win her favor. 
But in such a situation, it should be time for her to make her stand. 
Everyone looked at Elisa. It was obvious that they wanted to see her reaction. 
Elisa didn’t disappoint. She looked at Philip with a calm expression and said, “You’re too kind, Mr. Whitford. Have a seat.” 
Philip secretly breathed a sigh of relief. Thankfully, Elisa wasn’t the type of person to be swollen headed after being praised. If it was another woman, she would have taken it out on him after being tormented by him previously. 
The rage in his heart dissipated a little at that moment. 
“Alright.”
Philip sat down and was overcautious from start until end. He even kept his distance from Elisa. In fact, he sat closer to a gay man on the other side. 
The gay man was dumbfounded. 
He felt some contempt toward Philip. 
It was as if Philip had his eye on him. 
Everyone else was astonished. 
Especially Linda. If she wasn’t restraining her expressions forcefully, she would have a nasty look on her face. 
D*mn it! Why did this happen? 
How did it happen? 
She was upset. 
Seeing that everyone else had a change in expression as it turned to respect and admiration for Elisa, Linda clenched her fists and looked at Elisa. 
There was nothing but rage in her eyes. 
The rumors that she had spread with much effort during the past few days and the banquet she had spent a bomb on. Was it all for Elisa’s benefit? 
Linda was trembling in anger. 
No matter what she did and how she provoked Elisa, there was no use. As for Gareth who she had enticed…
Not only was he useless, but he also made her regret it! 
Because. 
When Elisa went to the washroom, she bumped into Gareth. 
At the time, she had just returned from the washroom, and she saw the man not far away. He was leaning against the wall and there was a lit cigarette in his hands. 
Elisa’s brows furrowed a little. When did he start smoking? 
She saw Gareth with his head hung, as if pondering. She looked away and walked back. 
But… 
When she passed by, there was suddenly a restless voice. 
“What in the world are you thinking about, Gareth? If you like her, let go and pursue her, why do you have to…” 
The voice suddenly stopped. 
It was because the voice saw the person in question. 
Elisa was startled. Gareth wants to pursue someone because he likes her? 
Linda likes him so much. Did he still need to pursue her? 
Is it because Gareth cares for Linda so much that he wants to do things properly and romantically? 
Disdain flickered across Elisa’s eyes. That’s right, Gareth was only cold to her.
Seeing Vincent looking at her strangely, she didn’t think too much of it. 
Since he had helped her previously, she nodded at him politely. She didn’t want to disturb him and Gareth, so she continued walking on. 
Of course, she deliberately ignored the sharp gaze behind her. 
Vincent turned to look at Elisa before he coughed dryly at Gareth. Vincent said in an aloof tone, “Let’s go back.” 
But… 
Gareth completely ignored him and ran in Elisa’s direction.
###chapter327
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 327
Chapter 327 Something Wasn’t Right 
“Elisa.” 
Elisa’s footsteps stopped. She had a bewildered expression. 
At the time, Linda felt like something wasn’t right. She made Yara push her out. 
At the other corner, Elisa had already turned around, and she looked at Gareth. “Mr. Wickam.” 
Linda’s expression changed slightly. She signaled to Yara at once to stop. 
Elisa turned and saw Gareth’s cold gaze. She was slightly puzzled. 
“Grandma hasn’t slept in two days.” 
Elisa’s expression dulled and her eyes were filled with worry. “Why?” 
Gareth glanced at her coldly. “It’s all thanks to you.” 
Elisa’s face paled as she looked at Gareth, baffled. “What do you mean?” 
Gareth answered indifferently, “When the dinner ends, follow me back to Wickam Manor.” 
Elisa’s brows furrowed tightly, but she pursed her lips and didn’t say anything in the end. 
Linda, who was just around the corner, instantly had a nasty expression on her face. 
Why? Why did Garry ask Elisa to go back to Wickam Manor? Why! 
If Old Madam Wickam wasn’t feeling well and couldn’t sleep, they could just get a doctor. Why did Elisa have to go back with him?!
Even if Old Madam Wickam liked Elisa, Elisa and Garry were destined to be irreconcilable. 
Why couldn’t Garry let her go? 
Linda almost couldn’t control her expression, but when she suddenly saw Elisa walking over, she quickly got herself together and had a professional smile on her face as she looked at Elisa. 
But Elisa didn’t even glance at her. She picked up her cell phone and walked to a corner. 
The call went through very quickly. 
The other party’s gentle yet haggard voice rang out. “Liz.” 
Elisa’s brows furrowed slightly. “Have you been feeling unwell recently, Grandma? I thought you were feeling fine. Why haven’t you been able to sleep?” 
Julia suddenly chuckled. “I have! I’ve been sleeping soundly every day.” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows. She didn’t say anything. It was obvious she didn’t believe Julia. 
Julia said cheerfully, “Have you been busy recently, girlie? Do you miss Grandma?” 
“Of course. I’m coming to see you tonight.” 
“Tonight?” There was bewilderment in Julia’s voice. “Tonight won’t work.” 
“Huh?” Elisa thought that Grandma wasn’t feeling well. 
But before she could think about it anymore, Julia said, “Tonight definitely won’t work. With your personality, you won’t stay the night even if you came. How long would you stay with an old lady like me? Since you have the next two days off, come over earlier in the day and chat with Grandma!”
“But your health…” 
“I’m in great health! Who has been telling you nonsense?” 
“Grandma…” 
This time, before Elisa could finish, Julia interrupted her unhappily. “You don’t believe me, do you?” 
“That’s not it!” 
“If not, listen to me. Grandma is in great health. Furthermore, there are many people at home who are taking good care of me. If I was really feeling unwell, wouldn’t they call the doctor? Even if you come and see me, would I be able to recover?” 
Elisa furrowed her brows. She still felt that something wasn’t right. 
But Julia’s voice was exceptionally firm. Elisa wasn’t too sure at the time. 
Before she could ponder any further, Julia said, “Your Grandpa is asking me to go to sleep. Liz, if you want to come and visit Grandma, come tomorrow!” 
Elisa was speechless. 
She knew that she couldn’t get any answers from Grandma, so she could only sigh. She answered respectfully, “Alright, Grandma. Rest well. I’ll come and visit you tomorrow.”
###chapter328
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 328
Chapter 328 Two Men 
Julia sounded overjoyed. She immediately said, “Okay! Great! Grandma will be waiting for you!” 
“… Alright.” 
When Elisa hung up, she still felt like something wasn’t quite right. She made a call to the butler of Wickam Manor. 
“Ms. Elisa?” 
“Mr. Jones, how has Grandma been doing lately?” 
“Um…” There was hesitation in his voice. 
Elisa’s heart tightened. “Is there really something wrong with Grandma?” 
Mr. Jones sighed. “Old Madam Wickam hasn’t been sleeping well for the past two days. Old Mr. Wickam is deeply worried.” 
“Why is this happening?” Elisa unconsciously gripped her cell phone tight. 
Gareth said that it was because of her. Was it because she asked for a divorce? 
Mr. Jones sighed again. “Ah. Old Madam Wickam is getting on in years. It’s only natural that she will sleep less. She’s seen a doctor and taken medicine. She should be able to sleep tonight.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. Old Madam Wickam must have instructed them not to say certain things. 
But she could guess what it was. 
Elisa responded, “Alright.”
It wasn’t fitting for her to go there tonight. And she definitely wouldn’t go with Gareth. 
The two of them didn’t have any relationship. 
But when she kept her cell phone and was just about to return to the private room, she saw Yara pushing Linda in her direction. 
There wasn’t anyone else there. 
Linda looked at Elisa with an icy and sharp gaze. 
Elisa raised her brows slightly. Linda must have heard what she and Gareth were talking about just now. 
Before Elisa could think about it any further, Linda said in a cold voice, “Don’t you dare go to Wickam Manor tonight.” 
Elisa immediately chuckled. She looked at Linda, slightly puzzled. “Are you afraid that I will snatch your man? He’s so sickened by me. What are you worried about?” 
Linda looked at her indifferently. “I’m doing this for your sake. It’s not that I’m worried. Moreover, Garry is his own person. I won’t do anything, no matter if you snatch him away or not. It’s Garry’s decision after all. If he chooses another person in the end, I will wish for his happiness.” 
With a half-smile, Elisa said, “Alright, since you’re doing this for my own good, Linda, I don’t have to listen to your explanation. I’ll just obey you. After all, Gareth used to tell me many times. You’re my biological cousin. I’m so despicable that no matter what I do, you still treat me like how you always have. So, I will trust you this time.” 
Linda was dumbfounded.
She didn’t think it was strange that Gareth said such things, but… 
Why was this woman so obedient? There was something wrong with her! A huge problem! 
Linda furrowed her brows tightly. She looked at Elisa with suspicion as she sized Eliza up. 
“Liz…” 
Linda was smart. She was afraid that Elisa was recording the conversation and planning to use it against her. She was also afraid that Gareth would overhear. She had to put on an act at appropriate times. 
Elisa smiled. “Never mind. Isn’t it a celebration dinner on my behalf? How can the main star be absent? Let’s go back.” 
Linda’s brows wrinkled. She didn’t say anything. 
She glanced at Yara so that she would follow her. 
Up until the dinner ended, there wasn’t anything suspicious about Elisa. 
As for Linda… 
She was so furious that her gut was about to turn black. 
From the start until the end! 
The wench walked away without a single scratch. Furthermore, because she was hosting the dinner tonight, it completely cleared up the relationship between Elisa and Philip. 
While she was in a huff, the dinner ended.
As everyone walked out gradually, they could see that there were two men at the front leaning against the wall.
###chapter329
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 329
Chapter 329 They Really Had Such a Good Relationship? 
Elisa’s expression froze. She didn’t think that Gareth would intentionally wait for her here. 
When everyone else from the office saw Gareth and Vincent, many women were star struck. They wanted to throw themselves at those men. 
After all… 
No matter Gareth or Vincent, from the way they saw it, the two of them were so outstanding and out of reach. 
If either man wanted to be with them… it would be great! 
The women had heard that Mr. Shane was an exceptional man. What if he had his eye on them? 
Many women couldn’t control themselves as they giggled and played with their hair. They wanted Vincent to take a second look at them. 
But… 
Vincent and Gareth’s gaze were focused on Elisa. 
Philip was following behind Elisa, looking exceptionally attentive. When he saw that Gareth was also present, he felt that he had acted correctly today. 
This was the least he could do to protect Whitford Group! 
He truly regretted doing what he did to Elisa back then!
At that point, an employee couldn’t help but try to win Linda’s favor. She smiled as she said, “My god! Mr. Wickam is so nice to you, Ms. Benett. He even came to pick you up at such a time!” 
Linda’s expression changed slightly. 
What the staff member said was like a vicious slap on her face! 
Even if she was completely oblivious, she knew that Gareth was looking for Elisa so he could take her back to Wickam Manor. 
She lifted her eyes and glanced at the employee. With an indifferent expression, she said, “Don’t talk nonsense. It’s not what you think.” 
The employee suddenly chuckled, “Ms. Benett, you’re so…” 
When she said this, the person behind her suddenly pulled her sleeve. She immediately sensed that something was wrong. When she saw that Linda wasn’t looking at her, but had a cold side profile instead, she suddenly panicked. 
Did… did her sucking up go wrong? 
Even other employees who had wanted to win Linda’s favor were silent. They didn’t say a single word. 
Disdain flashed across Elisa’s eyes. She didn’t say anything as she walked forward. 
Philip was quick-witted. He immediately walked to Gareth and Vincent as he said respectfully, “Mr. Wickam. Mr. Shane. What a coincidence to see you here.” 
Vincent said with a half-smile, “We meet again, Mr. Whitford.” 
Philip’s body stiffened. He didn’t know what was up with Vincent’s strange tone.
Elisa furrowed her brows a little. She decided to go another way. She didn’t greet everyone else but only said calmly, “Go on. I have to go to the washroom. I’ll head back myself after that.” 
As soon as she said it, she strode away without waiting for a response. Linda looked at Elisa immediately and felt uneasy. “I’ll wait for you, Liz.” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows and didn’t turn around. “It’s fine.” 
Linda immediately looked at everyone else. “Alright, everyone can go home. That’s all for today. Let’s do this again when an opportunity arises.” 
Everyone else nodded agreeably. But those who felt that the pair of cousins who were only amiable on the surface noticed Linda sizing Elisa up in that moment. 
Did Linda arrange this for Elisa to clear the air today? 
Do the two cousins really have such a good relationship? 
Since everything was organized by Linda, everyone was a little puzzled. 
Gareth, Vincent, and Philip didn’t move a muscle. The employees walked out one by one, but some of the girls clearly couldn’t hold back their feelings.
###chapter330
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 330
Chapter 330 I Was Waiting for You Here. What About You? 
When one of the female employees passed by Vincent’s side, her foot suddenly slipped. “Ah!” 
She planted in Vincent’s direction. 
Many women looked over at once, and some saw red! 
How could she! How could she use such despicable methods! If they knew that she was going to do that, they would have done it earlier! 
Vincent didn’t think about it and immediately avoided her. 
Fortunately, or unfortunately, the female employee fell into the arms of Philip. 
Her eyes were closed, and her face was filled with panic. When she was suddenly embraced, she was instantly ecstatic! 
If Mr. Shane was willing to hug her, did it mean that he was willing to give her a chance? 
Onlookers saw that there was a smile in the corner of Philip’s lips. He deliberately copped a feel with the hand that held on to her waist. 
Everyone was speechless. 
It serves her right! 
The female employee who was embraced suddenly blushed. Mr. Shane was unconventional indeed! 
She opened her eyes in a hurry but when she realized that it was the greasy Philip instead, her face changed!
Philip said cheerfully, “Pretty girl, be careful when you’re walking.” 
The female employee was filled with fear, but she didn’t dare to offend Philip because of his status. She got up hurriedly and even forgot to speak. 
Vincent scoffed and didn’t say a word. 
The female employee was dumbstruck. 
She was too humiliated to look at Vincent and ran away quickly instead. After what happened today, she would definitely be the laughingstock of the office! 
It was all because of Philip! 
She would rather have fallen down instead! 
The other employees slowly left, but the department’s assistant manager, Lily, was still stupefied. 
How did… Elisa do it today? How did she free herself so successfully? 
Perhaps others were still suspecting if Elisa and Linda had a good relationship, but she could tell that Linda had been restraining her emotions today. There were even two times where Linda revealed her true colors. 
… 
Elisa didn’t go to the washroom as she said she would. In fact… she left through another path. 
Gareth rushed over. 
“Garry.” Linda called out to Gareth at once.
Elisa was just going to the washroom. Did he have to follow her? 
Gareth’s footsteps stopped as he turned to look at her. 
Linda pursed her lips and organized her emotions. She smiled and looked at him. “Liz went to the washroom. We can wait for her here.” 
Gareth looked at her indifferently. “I have other things to do. You can head back first.” 
Linda’s expression changed a little. “Garry…” 
Gareth’s footsteps stopped again. He looked at her and tried to speak in a gentler voice, “Take care of your body. Don’t get too tired.” 
As soon as he said it, he didn’t look at Linda anymore. Instead, he walked in the direction of where Elisa had just disappeared. 
Maybe Linda didn’t understand Elisa. But now, Gareth didn’t know why but he unexpectedly understood Elisa. He felt that she hadn’t gone to the washroom at all, but said it just to avoid him! 
The more he thought about it, the darker Gareth’s expression was. He quickened his footsteps and when he saw Elisa’s figure, he walked up to her at once and grabbed her wrist. 
Elisa was startled. She lifted her eyes and when she saw that it was Gareth, she struggled while furrowing her brows. “What are you doing?” 
Gareth’s expression was icy. “I was waiting for you here. What about you?” 
Elisa suddenly laughed. Without hesitating, she said sarcastically, “You weren’t waiting for me at all!”
Gareth’s sharp gaze swept in her direction, but Elisa wasn’t afraid at all. “You clearly didn’t want to ruin Linda’s dinner and you didn’t want to humiliate her in front of everyone. But if I had organized it, you wouldn’t care if you humiliated me or not. You would just take me away by force, wouldn’t you?”
###chapter331
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 331
Chapter 331 Eh? Why Are You Here, Ms. Benett? 
Gareth’s face darkened. Elisa somehow couldn’t break free from his grasp. With a slightly nasty expression, she said, “Let me go!” 
“Are you hard of hearing, Elisa? Didn’t you hear what I said to you before?” Gareth’s face was unbelievably black. 
But Elisa smiled. “Then listen to this recording.” 
She played the recording of Linda instructing her not to go. 
Gareth furrowed his brows at once. He didn’t want to talk about Linda. 
Elisa smiled. “Look, after we divorced, you have no relationship with me anymore. Linda is my cousin. Since she keeps saying that she is doing things for my own good, I have to help her accomplish that, don’t you think so?” 
Gareth looked at her with a cloudy expression. “Has your conscience been eaten by dogs? What Grandma needs most is for you to go and see her, but what are you doing?” 
Elisa looked at him coldly. “Who was the one who was eaten by dogs?” 
Seeing Gareth’s face darken, Elisa continued on sarcastically, “It’s you! Grandma is like this all thanks to you!” 
Feeling Gareth’s gaze that was as sharp as a blade, she continued, unconcerned. “For the past few years, Grandma has always felt bad. What she hopes for the most is for you to love me, but you couldn’t do it. You wanted a divorce from me, and you wanted to marry Linda. Grandma’s health has been deteriorating all thanks to you. It’s fine if you don’t love me, Gareth, but as a man, you have to
own up to your mistakes and accept the consequences. Don’t push all the responsibility onto me as a woman.” 
Seeing that Gareth’s face was getting cloudier, Elisa continued in a cold voice, “Even if I didn’t ask for a divorce in front of everybody, do you think Grandma wouldn’t feel unwell? She would have been unwell all her life for as long as you didn’t love me. It’s better to get the pain over with rather than prolong the agony. I did this so that Grandma would accept it earlier. Otherwise, she would have to rack her brains every night for you.” 
Once she said all that, she felt the air around her became colder. 
Gareth wasn’t angry. In fact, he smiled and said, “If it weren’t for your schemes back then, do you think I would have married you? Do you think Grandma would have liked you?” 
He pushed Elisa away after he said it. 
Elisa staggered a little and couldn’t refute him. 
Should I retort that I didn’t plot against him? He won’t believe a single word, and I don’t have proof. 
Then again, am I really the root of the problem? 
I liked him from the beginning. If I didn’t like him at all, would it have played out differently? 
Elisa took a breath in and controlled her emotions. With an indifferent expression, she said, “I won’t go back with you tonight. I just called Grandma. She said that she wanted to rest and that she doesn’t want me to go there.” 
“You won’t go just because she doesn’t want you to? Why am I just finding out that you’re so obedient, Elisa?”
Elisa suddenly laughed scornfully. “In the three years that I was married to you, when did I ever disobey you?” 
Gareth was immediately at a loss for words. He couldn’t refute what she said. 
It seemed to be the case. She was like a puppet that was being controlled. She would do what he told her to, and she would never know how to fight back. 
It was because of this that he would feel particularly impatient whenever he saw her. 
He had felt like she was a ball of wool. She couldn’t be flattened, worn-out, or destroyed. 
Linda had just walked over and heard what Elisa said. Her brows furrowed immediately. 
But she was just around the corner. They couldn’t see her. 
Just as Gareth was about to say something, there came Vincent’s voice. “Eh? Why are you here, Ms. Benett?”
###chapter332
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 332
Chapter 332 It’s Your Debt to Pay 
Linda’s expression changed slightly. D*mn it! Garry must have heard Vincent’s voice. Why does this man have such a big mouth? And such a loud voice too! 
She immediately looked at Vincent and maintained a worried appearance. “I… I was worried about Garry and Liz, so I came to take a look.” 
Vincent suddenly laughed. “They are like an old couple. Even if they are divorced, nothing would happen even if they slept in the same bed. No one would be at a loss. You don’t have to worry about a single thing, Ms. Benett.” 
Linda’s expression changed abruptly. She looked at Vincent solemnly. “Don’t say that, Mr. Shane. Garry and Liz aren’t that kind of people!” 
Vincent laughed. “Really?” 
Jeremy had previously told him that Linda was a little strange. Jeremy had even analyzed Gareth’s thoughts. 
Regarding Linda, to be honest, even if she had saved Gareth in the past, he didn’t have much affection for her. 
Linda looked at him, puzzled. “Mr. Shane, what do you…?” 
Vincent smiled. He didn’t say anything and turned the corner instead, walking to Elisa and Gareth. 
Linda had been found out. She could only get Yara to push her over.
Elisa looked at Linda with a half-smile. “So you want me to visit Grandma and you want Linda to come along? What would Grandma think when she sees us? Are we having a love triangle?” 
“Elisa.” There was a warning tone in Gareth’s voice. 
Elisa laughed scornfully. She knew that he would always protect Linda. 
But she didn’t mind, she said indifferently, “Do what you have to. I will visit Grandma in my own time. If you really cared about Grandma, don’t let her see us together. Otherwise, it would stress her out even more.” 
Gareth gritted his teeth. Before he could say anything, Elisa had already left. 
Just as he was about to say something, Linda suddenly spoke up, “Garry…” 
Gareth’s footsteps stopped, and he looked at her coldly. “Why did you tell Elisa not to visit Grandma?” 
Vincent suddenly laughed. “Such a thing happened? What were you thinking, Ms. Benett?” 
Linda’s expression changed slightly. D*mn it! Elisa actually told Gareth about it? 
Elisa was a lawyer. She had the habit of recording conversations. 
She was afraid that Gareth had already listened to the recording, so she explained herself at once. “I did it for Liz’s sake. If she goes there, Garry, it will only make Grandma think of the time she spent at Wickam Manor. If she continues to long for it, it will only make Grandma feel worse. I…” 
Gareth said in a calm manner, “Don’t make any more decisions regarding Grandma.” 
He left after saying that. 
The cold, hard figure made Linda’s expression change. “Garry…”
That d*mn Elisa! 
Ah! Is Garry angry with me? 
“Wait for me, Garry!” 
She had been too uptight today! That was the reason why she kept making mistakes. 
What was up with her? In the past, victory was in her hands at all times. She could logically analyze anything that happened, but now, she would be unbelievably nervous when met even with small matters. Elisa even had the chance to fight back. 
Gareth was walking too quickly. Linda was being pushed by Yara in a wheelchair and she couldn’t catch up to him at all. 
Vincent chased Gareth cheerfully to the entrance, but Elisa’s figure was nowhere to be seen. 
He looked at Gareth. “Are you still taking Elisa to Wickam Manor?” 
Gareth pursed his lips and didn’t say anything. He made his way to the underground parking lot. 
Vincent kept following from behind. He clicked his tongue and said, “I saw that Linda was very sad just now. It’s your debt to pay. Why don’t you go and coax her?”
###chapter333
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 333
Chapter 333 Why Are You Looking for Me? 
Gareth suddenly frowned. He didn’t know why but he felt like Linda had changed. 
She was different from before. 
But he couldn’t pinpoint exactly what had changed. 
But when he thought of how she was his savior and she had been through so much trouble, he couldn’t bear to criticize her in the end. 
Vincent followed Gareth to his car. He said brightly, “So what in the world are you thinking about right now? You’re unable to completely cut things off with Elisa, so what about Linda?” 
Gareth’s brows wrinkled tightly. “Can you shut up?” 
Vincent was amused. “Are you being impatient with me? This is your hurdle to pass, bro. You have to think about it properly. If you don’t want to be with Linda and you can’t fulfill your promise, you have to let her know. Don’t keep her on her toes when she can’t get it. Do you know what the consequences will be once time passes?” 
Gareth looked at Vincent, baffled. 
The corners of Vincent’s mouth twitched. “D*mn! It can’t be! You’re the cream of the crop. But you don’t understand what you’ll face if you keep going on like this?” 
Gareth furrowed his brows. “Spit it out.” 
Vincent said with some disdain, “Women are jealous creatures. Don’t you understand this? If you don’t marry Linda, her resentment will only pile up. And you keep getting tangled with Elisa. Who do you
think her rage will be directed at in the end?” 
“She won’t.” Gareth’s reply was as firm as nails. 
Vincent laughed in anger. “Is Linda a pure and flawless woman in your heart? Do you think that she’s incredibly kind? Bro, can you wake up? I won’t rule out that she instinctively saved you back then, but you have to know that she loves you! If Benett Corporation didn’t have any problems, why would she seize Elisa and her father’s company? As a businessman, didn’t you think about this?” 
Gareth’s face darkened, but Vincent couldn’t be bothered to ask about what he was thinking of. He sat in the car with his eyes shut. “D*mn, how did I get stuck with such an idiotic brother?” 
As soon as he said it, he was suddenly swept with a sharp gaze. 
“Get out!” 
… 
When Elisa arrived home, it was very late. She was about to go to sleep after she took a shower. 
But her cell phone suddenly rang. It made her wrinkle her brows slightly. Although she had never contacted this phone number, she had chanced upon this number when Linda had an incoming call. 
This number belonged to Linda’s assistant, Yara. 
Elisa hesitated for a moment before she picked up. 
“Hello, Ms. Elisa. I’m Yara, your cousin’s assistant.” 
“Mm. What orders does Linda have for me?”
“It’s not that. I’m the one who’s looking for you.” Yara’s voice was a little panicked. 
Elisa was slightly astonished. “You’re looking for me?” 
“Yes. I… I have something to talk to you about.” 
Elisa was quite surprised. “What do you want to talk about?” 
“I… I’m downstairs right now. Can I come up?” Yara’s voice was polite and respectful. 
Elisa was baffled, but she wanted to see if Linda was coming up with new tricks. She answered, “Sure.” 
“Alright, thank you!” 
Elisa could hear the joy in her voice. 
Shortly, Yara came up. Elisa let her in and gave her a drink before asking her to sit. 
“It’s so late. Why are you looking for me?”
###chapter334
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 334
Chapter 334 I’m Willing to Be Your Pawn 
Yara breathed in slightly and paused for a moment before replying softly, “Ms. Benett, are you happy with your retaliation today?” 
Elisa looked at Yara but did not say anything. She was assessing what Yara was up to. 
Yara was implying something, but it did not seem like Linda put her up to it. Linda would never send Yara to pass a message if she was up to something. 
“What are you trying to say?” 
Yara breathed in and pushed aside her nervousness. She looked at Elisa calmly and said, “In regard to today’s incident, if I didn’t stir it up in secret, I believe you wouldn’t have been able to retaliate against Linda as easily and successfully as you did.” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. She could not deny that her plan went smoothly this time. 
At the same time, she sensed Linda was more foolish than usual today. If Yara had done something, that would explain it. 
Yara was someone Linda trusted the most. Naturally, she would not expect Yara to lie to her. 
Elisa did not rush to ask Yara what she did. Instead, she looked at her calmly. “So, do you wish to say that you plan to help me?” 
Yara shook her head. “I’m not helping you but myself.” 
Elisa continued to look at her and did not say anything.
Yara sighed and continued, “I’ve stayed by Linda’s side for a long time, and I’m sick of it. She has never treated me as a human being but forced me to do all sorts of things for her. She even took out her anger on me.” 
Yara pulled up her shirt sleeve as she spoke. Elisa saw scars of various sizes on Yara’s arm and was shocked. But she immediately calmed down and asked in a solemn tone, “Since she treated you this way, have you never thought of fighting back?” 
“How could I fight back? She had my life in her hand and threatened me with my family. She said if she notices anything strange about me, she would have my family blacklisted. My family and I need money to fill our stomachs. If everyone ostracized us, how are we to survive?” 
Yara sounded miserable, but Elisa looked at her coolly. “Since you fear this, why do you approach me? If she finds out, she will still blacklist your family.” 
Yara shook her head firmly. “No, she won’t.” 
Elisa did not say anything but looked at Yara. 
She could see that Yara had thought everything through before coming here. Thus, she only had to listen to what Yara wanted to say. 
Then, Yara signed and said, “I know everything that happened between you and Linda in these few years. I also know everything Linda has done. Unfortunately, she was devious, and I was timid. Thus, I failed to keep any evidence. However, from now on, I promise I will retain evidence and reveal to you all that I know. Similarly… I wish you would save me this time and help me to escape this torture.” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes slightly.
Yara is someone Linda trusted the most all these years. She is intelligent and capable. Would Linda take out her anger on her? 
It does not matter whether what Yara said was the truth. I won’t believe her straight away because there is a good chance that she and Linda have joined hands to trick me. 
Yara could be pretending to approach me and later tell Linda all my plans. Then, Linda can protect herself and make it seem like my plan worked. However, she will later strike back and ruin everything. 
Meanwhile, Yara was not surprised that Elisa did not respond. She continued sincerely, “Although you and Linda are cousins, you are not alike at all. She pretends to be kind, but you are truly a kind person. I can see this throughout the years. Unfortunately, I was under her control, so I couldn’t do anything. However, it is different now. Ms. Benett, you are amazing. I am willing to be your pawn.”
###chapter335
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 335
Chapter 335 Committing Crimes 
Elisa narrowed her eyes but did not say anything. 
Yara understood that Elisa was suspicious of her. Thus, she remained calm and said, “Ms. Benett, I know you don’t trust me, but I will prove my sincerity from now on. I ask that you give me a chance. I can’t guarantee for other people. But if you are willing to accept me, I shall be your greatest ally on Linda’s side.” 
Elisa smiled. “Is there anything else?” 
Yara shook her head. “There’s nothing else.” 
She saw that Elisa was not going to speak, so she stood up and said politely, “In that case, I shall stop bothering you. I hope you will consider my request. If there is any lie in what I said just now, calamity shall befall my family.” 
Although most people in modern society are not religious, people would still not dare to swear something bad on their family. Furthermore, Yara was someone who cared about her family. Thus, she would wish for something bad to happen to her family. 
Elisa observed Yara carefully. It seemed Yara was waiting for her response, so Elisa considered for a moment before saying, “Tell me the things Linda did.” 
Yara’s expression brightened, and her eyes shone with delight. Since Elisa said that, it meant she was giving Yara a chance. 
Thus, Yara nodded eagerly. “Yes, I will tell you everything.”
Yara wanted to stop working for Linda a long time ago. However, she knew too much about Linda’s secrets, so Linda would never let her go. Instead, Yara would even resort to various means to threaten her. 
Even if Elisa was unwilling to collaborate with Yara, Yara still wanted to reveal everything. She needed Linda to be brought down so that her family would be safe. 
Thus, Yara slowly began to speak. 
“I have been working by Linda’s side for six years. It was in the third year that I became her trusted assistant. She made me do many things. I believe you know the things I’ve done to you, so I won’t mention them. I want to talk about that car accident.” 
Elisa’s expression immediately turned cold. She had been thinking about the accident for some time and felt there was something strange about it. Linda only cared about her own life. It seemed impossible that she would sacrifice her life to save someone. 
However, that accident happened too long ago. Thus, the evidence was long scattered and untraceable. The whole matter was like a jigsaw puzzle where one could only find fragments of the corner pieces. 
But now, it seemed Elisa’s guess was correct. 
Yara did not notice Elisa’s surprised expression. She chuckled and said, “It seems you have suspected this for a long time.” 
Elisa did not wait for Yara to continue but asked coldly, “What did she make you do?” 
Yara sighed and appeared remorseful. “I committed a lot of crimes, but at the time, I was under that woman’s control, and she threatened my whole family. I had no choice but to do as she said.”
“Get to the point.” Elisa was not in the mood to listen to Yara’s sad story. 
Yara may be forced to prove her loyalty to Linda, but it does not mean she would be willing to commit crimes for her family. 
Therefore, Elisa would neither judge nor pity her. Since Yara made the choice herself, she had no right to regret it. 
Yara’s eyes glimmered. She nodded awkwardly, took a deep breath, and said slowly, “In actuality, someone tried to kill Mr. Wickam in a car accident. Not everything was planned by Linda.”
###chapter336
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 336
Chapter 336 Are You Willing to Believe Me 
Yara slowly sank into her memories. 
Ten days before Linda got into an accident, Yara had already finished researching and given all the findings to Linda. She waited nervously for Linda’s response. 
Linda soon finished reading the documents and smirked. 
Yara said nervously, “Ms. Benett, are you sure you want to do this? If the matter is exposed, the consequences are severe.” 
Linda sneered. “How can one hope to achieve anything if one doesn’t take risks?” 
Yara opened her mouth to persuade Linda not to proceed with it, but she knew it was useless. Furthermore, Yara was unwilling to do this but had no choice. She faced all kinds of pressure and threat to proceed with it. 
Then, Linda said, “I need you to observe Ryan Meek for these two days. He is a ruthless man. Since he planned something against Gareth, he will carry it out in secret. Also, contact him and tell him I would like to have dinner with him.” 
Ryan was Gareth’s enemy, but he was also a distant relative of Linda’s mother. Their degree of consanguinity was so distant that they did not usually interact. 
Linda did not know the details of the animosity between Ryan and Gareth. However, she had a plan and was determined to make it succeed. 
“But if you do this…”
“No buts! Just do as I say!” 
… 
Yara clenched her fists and took a deep breath before continuing, “Later, I did as she ordered. I investigated Ryan’s aim and invited him to dinner, where Linda seduced him with her body. Naturally, Ryan wanted to enjoy a beautiful woman. Since they are outside the prohibited degrees of consanguinity, they could be together.” 
Elisa frowned but did not say anything. 
Yara sighed. “On the day Ryan sought to harm Gareth, Linda carried out a series of plans and succeeded.” 
Elisa furrowed her brow. “What happened after that? She was comatose previously. Was that fake?” 
Yara was stunned. “You…” 
She knew! 
Elisa did not reveal anything. Instead, she looked at Yara serenely and said, “Please continue.” 
Yara took a breath and nodded. “That’s right. She planned everything. All she suffered was a minor injury, but she pretended to be comatose. After all, the hospital she stayed in belonged to Benett Corporation…” 
Elisa sneered. 
It is as I thought. I have to say I’m quite impressed with Linda. She was willing to put herself at such a risk. If anything went wrong that day, she might lose her life.
Yara breathed in softly. “As for other things, I don’t think you need to hear them from me because you have already guessed them.” 
Elisa still appeared calm. “What about her injuries from two days ago?” 
Yara’s expression changed. “They are all fake.” 
Elisa smiled. “I understand.” 
That was Elisa’s only response. It was clear that she did not wish to talk about the matter anymore. 
Yara looked at Elisa and said softly, “Are… Are you willing to believe me…” 
Elisa looked at her. “I now understand your thoughts, but I can’t trust you now. However, once Linda has been brought down, I will take care of you.” 
If what Yara said was the truth, Elisa would fulfill her promise. However, if Yara lied, Elisa was not obligated to fulfill her promise. 
Yara was glad and said excitedly, “Your words are good enough for me! Please let me know if you need me to do anything!” 
Elisa glanced at Yara and nodded with a smile. 
Then, Yara decided not to disturb Elisa anymore and said, “I will take my leave, Ms. Benett. You call me anytime if you need anything. This is my personal phone number.” 
She handed a piece of paper to Elisa and was ready to leave. But Elisa suddenly called out, “Wait a minute.”
###chapter337
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 337
Chapter 337 Your Father Can Help You! 
Yara turned to Elisa. “How may I help you?” 
“It’s concerning Linda’s discharge from the hospital two days ago. There must be something strange about it. I hope you can help me obtain evidence.” 
Yara nodded. “Sure.” 
Seeing Elisa did not have anything else to say, Yara left straightaway. 
Then, Elisa stood by the window as if to look out for Yara. But she also seemed to be in deep thought. 
What Linda wanted the most was to marry Gareth. Previously, Elisa would not care about it. Who Linda wanted to marry was none of her business. 
But… 
Linda kept trying to cause her trouble and even harmed Elisa’s family. Thus, she would not let Linda have her way. 
Therefore, the first step was to make Gareth detest Linda. 
In actuality, she had been searching for evidence by herself. 
Moreover, she found out that a good-looking young man had brought Linda to the hospital. 
She believed that man had a key role in this matter, and Linda depended on him to put everything into motion. 
Elisa stood by the window for a long time before slowly returning to the master bedroom.
The following day, Elisa went to Wickam Manor as agreed yesterday. 
Julia knew Elisa was coming to visit and was excited. She instructed the maids with various preparations since early morning. 
It was only when Elisa arrived that Julia finally stopped fussing with the preparations. 
“Liz, you’re here. Come and sit beside me.” 
Julia’s voice was gentle. Elisa came in with a smile and noticed the shadow under Julia’s eyes. She frowned promptly and said, “Grandma, did you not sleep again last night?” 
“Nonsense! Why would I miss sleep?” 
Elisa held Julia’s hand and placed her fingertips on her pulse. 
Julia did not understand what was going on and said with a smile, “Sweetie, you haven’t come by for some time. Can you stay for lunch today? Don’t worry. I didn’t tell Gareth that you were coming. Also, your grandfather and aunt are not around. We are the only ones here this noon.” 
Elisa slowly removed her hand and looked at Julia with a surprised expression. “Grandma, did you get them all to leave” 
“No, I didn’t.” Although Julia denied it, Elisa was sure Julia had chased them out. 
She was touched by Julia’s gesture and said softly, “Grandma, you didn’t have to do this. I…” 
“It’s okay. Don’t talk about it anymore.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and did not say anything. Julia looked at her lovingly and said gently, “You returned to Benett Corporation recently. How was it? Did they cause you trouble?”
“All the work they gave me is within my job scope. They didn’t cause me trouble.” Elisa smiled naturally. 
In actuality, Julia heard some of the things that happened to Elisa in the company. She furrowed her brow. “You shouldn’t shoulder everything by yourself. You must remember you are the rightful owner of Benett Corporation and not your uncle. Your father can help you!” 
Father. 
Elisa widened her eyes. She knew Julia meant Jerry, her father-in-law. 
If Jerry helps Elisa, it would be easy for her to get her shares back. However, Elisa did not plan to do that. 
Thus, she smiled and shook her head. “Grandma, I know. But I wish to take it one step at a time in the company. I will ask for dad’s help when I really need it. However, I’m doing alright for now and am able to deal with the matter by myself. Furthermore, I would like to challenge myself. Previously, I always lived a sheltered life. But now, I wish to train myself.”
###chapter338
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 338
Chapter 338 Why Are You Still Here? 
“But you…” Julia did not know what to say. 
She pitied Elisa for all that she had to go through. 
Elisa’s biological father had passed away too soon. After she got married, he husband did not love her, and her mother-in-law treated her badly. That was why Julia kept trying to make it up to her. 
Elisa smiled. “Grandma, don’t worry about it.” 
Julia sighed. “Okay…” 
After that, Elisa and Julia chatted amicably. While spending time with Julia, Elisa was able to experience the loving warmth of a family member. That was why she maintained a good relationship with Julia all these years. 
At the same time, Julia always treated Elisa as if she was her biological granddaughter. Elisa also treated Julia as her biological grandmother. 
Elisa stayed and chatted with Julia for the whole afternoon. No one came to disturb them. 
Initially, she planned to leave before dinner but Julia held onto her and refused to let her leave. She insisted that Elisa stay for dinner, so Elisa had no choice but to stay. 
Unexpectedly, they heard a car coming into the yard. 
Elisa thought to herself. Could Grandpa have returned? 
Elisa and Julia looked toward the door.
The figure that appeared was tall and dignified, prompting Elisa’s gaze to turn cold. 
Why is he here? 
Even Julia was stunned. “Why is he here?” 
In the past, Julia would announce happily that her beloved grandson had returned. 
But today… 
Julia did not want him here because her beloved granddaughter would most likely leave. 
Gareth walked in slowly and saw Elisa and Julia on the couch. He greeted flatly, “Grandma.” 
Julia looked at him suspiciously and said in an unwelcoming tone, “What are you doing here?” 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
He could not help but feel a little heartbroken by those words. 
Elisa smiled slightly but did not say anything. 
Gareth swept Elisa a cold glance before saying indifferently, “I’m here to bring you your medication.” 
He waved a packet in his hand. 
Julia frowned. “I’ve been taking my medicine for the past few days. I’m completely fine.” 
Elisa held Julia’s hand. “Grandma, you need to take your medicine regularly to cure your illness. You have been unable to sleep for a long time. It is bad for your health.” 
Gareth’s sullen expression finally softened slightly.
Julia sighed. “Alright, you can place the medicine here and leave.” 
Elisa was stunned. 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
Is Grandma afraid that Elisa would run away? 
Elisa got up and went to Gareth. Gareth looked at her coldly but did not say anything. Then, Elisa took the medicine from his hand without sparing him a glance. 
The atmosphere in the house turned tense. 
Elisa opened the bag and looked at the medicine closely as she walked back to Julia. 
Once she finished checking the few boxes of medicine, she sat beside Julia and said with a smile, “Grandma, there’s still time before dinner. You should take the medicine first. It will likely come into effect at night.” 
“Alright, I will do as you say and take them.” Julia had a helpless expression. “You keep making me take medicine. I can’t stand how bitter they are.” 
Julia hated taking medicine. All these years, Elisa frequently had to coax her to take them. 
Julia could never say no to Elisa. Thus, she would do anything Elisa said. 
As Julia was about to take the medicine Elisa prepared for her, she suddenly noticed someone standing at the door. “Why are you still here?”
###chapter339
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 339
Chapter 339 Would You Like to Join Us? 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
He looked at Julia and said, “Do you dislike seeing me that much?” 
Julia looked at Gareth in confusion. Can’t he see that Elisa doesn’t want to see him? 
Does he not have any common sense? 
Thus, Julia frowned and said, “Aren’t you busy?” 
Gareth did not know how to respond to that question. 
Meanwhile, Elisa was stunned. 
It was not her place to say anything. However, if she was being honest, she was tremendously pleased with this moment. 
She enjoyed watching Julia putting Gareth in his place. 
It’s good to see him being taken down a notch! 
Gareth said helplessly, “I’ll leave after you take your medication.” 
“Fine, I’ll take it now.” 
In less than a minute, Julia swallowed all her medication. 
Seeing that, Gareth could only say, “You can call me any time if there is anything.” 
“Alright, you should leave.”
Gareth closed his eyes and replied calmly, “I can’t leave. I’m here to pick her up. We will leave right after dinner.” 
Elisa glanced at Gareth in surprise. He’s here to pick me up? 
Perhaps Gareth knows that Grandma is not well, so he can’t speak harshly. If he says anything hurtful, it will make Grandma sad. 
On further thought, it seems other than myself, he is quite considerate of the people around him. 
They were supposed to go on a business trip today. When Gareth informed Elisa, she thought she would be leaving in the morning, but it turned out they would leave at night. 
That was why she agreed to meet with Julia. 
Julia was confused at this moment. She looked at Elisa doubtfully. Since Elisa remained silent, Julia turned to Gareth. “What do you mean? Why are you here to pick up Liz?” 
Julia’s voice contained uncontrollable excitement. 
What is going on? 
He’s here to pick up Liz? 
Are they getting back together? 
In the next second, Julia’s heart wanted to burst with uncontrollable joy. 
Elisa feared Julia would misunderstand, so she explained immediately. “The truth is, Benett Corporation and Wickam Group are collaborating on a project. I am going on a business trip with him tomorrow. It is only about work.”
Gareth’s frown deepened considerably. 
Furthermore, his gaze turned sterner than before. 
Julia’s joy instantly disappeared. However, in the next moment, Gareth came over and said gently, “She’s being shy. I can bring anyone with me on this trip, but I’ll only be bringing her.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She looked at Gareth in confusion. Is he out of his mind? 
On the other hand, Julia had a shocked expression. “Have… Have you finally decided to turn over a new leaf?” 
Gareth was aghast. 
Elisa is a greedy and conceited person. I only treated her a little nicer, and Grandma said that I’ve turned over a new leave. 
What kind of spell has she cast on Grandma? 
Elisa’s eyes flashed with realization. It turned out Gareth said those words because Julia was unwell. He wished to help her calm down so that she could sleep at night. 
Thus, Elisa kept quiet and did not speak. 
Gareth noticed Elisa finally understood what he was doing and nodded at Julia. Then, he took a seat opposite Julia and Elisa before focusing his gaze on Julia. 
“We will be away for seven days this time. Grandma, would you like to go with us? Elisa can bring you sightseeing.”
Elisa’s eyes flashed. If Grandma goes with us, Gareth will have to maintain good behavior. It seems he cares a lot more about Grandma than I thought 
Then, Elisa became conflicted. But if Grandma joins us, I will have to interact with Gareth. 
Thus, she turned to see Julia’s reaction.
###chapter340
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 340
Chapter 340 How Can You Be So Incompetent? 
Julia shook her head languidly. “I’m not going. Anyway, what is your grandfather to do if I leave? But still, I’m quite surprised to see how you have changed into a better person.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed with mockery. Still, it is good this way because it will help Grandma with her recovery. She can’t withstand any emotional blows and triggers in her current condition. 
Gareth remained silent. 
Elisa ignored him completely. For the rest of the time, Elisa and Julia chatted happily. Once they finished dinner, Elisa and Gareth got ready to leave. 
Julia seemed glad to see Elisa and Gareth standing side by side. She had a gentle smile on her face. 
Then, she chuckled and said, “Both of you should take care during the business trip. If there is enough time, you should go sightseeing and not miss out on the local scenery. Also, even when you are busy with work, remember to take some time to rest, okay?” 
Elisa nodded. “Okay, Grandma. You should go to bed early tonight and remember to take your medication on time, okay?” 
For the last part, Elisa deliberately imitated Julia’s tone. 
Gareth could not help but smile a little, but no one noticed. 
Julia instantly broke into a soft laugh. “I know. I know. I’ll do as you say.” 
Elisa also could not help but chuckle. “Alright. Grandma, you should get an early rest.” 
“I’ll walk you out.”
Julia got up and walked ahead immediately. 
Elisa and Gareth followed her. 
The driver drove the car this time. Gareth went ahead to the car and opened the backseat door. 
Elisa stood behind him and waited for him to get in. However, Gareth did not do so and looked at her instead. 
Julia understood what was going on and pushed Elisa’s arm. “Elisa, you should get into the car.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed with awkwardness. She was planning to sit in the front passenger seat. That way, she would not be too close to him. 
However, seeing that Gareth refused to budge, she had no choice but to get into the car. 
Then, Gareth entered the car and sat beside her. 
Julia’s mood improved considerably. She smiled and watched their car travel away. 
Once the car was out of sight, she returned to the house. She had a happy day today. 
It seemed she would have a good sleep that night. 
… 
Meanwhile, in the car, Elisa and Gareth shed their gentle demeanor and became cold again. 
When the driver started the car, he felt a strong desire to turn on the heater as it was cold. 
It was so cold that his hands were nearly frozen. 
Elisa and Gareth were completely silent throughout the journey to the airport.
They were the only ones going on this business trip, so Elisa’s expression was tense. 
The journey to the airport went smoothly, and they boarded the plane without issue. However, their seats on the plane were also next to each other. 
Although Elisa did not wish to sit beside him, she did not say anything. Since Gareth waited at the side like a gentleman for her to get in first, she went in and took a seat. 
Gareth then sat next to her and pulled the curtain beside him. 
Their space instantly became small. 
It felt as if the two of them were the only ones on the plane. The strange feeling in Elisa’s heart grew even more unbearable. 
… 
Meanwhile, somewhere else, Linda found out Gareth and Elisa had left and burst into fury. 
She slammed her hand on the table and looked at Yara fiercely. “Why are you so incompetent?” 
Yara panicked and shook her head urgently. “Ms. Linda, I didn’t expect Philip and Elisa to have this kind of resource. When I investigated previously, Philip only wanted…” 
Linda was so furious that she wanted to strangle Yara. “What did you think? When they had a meal together that day, did you not notice that Gareth and Vincent were there?”
###chapter341
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 341
Chapter 341 A Brief Response 
Yara answered urgently, “I did notice and told you about it. However, based on the situation at the time, I really did not expect Mr. Wickam and Mr. Shane to help Elisa. Furthermore, I did not think they would meet…” 
Linda looked at Yara coldly. “Yara, if you dare to be this careless again, consider what would happen to your family!” 
Linda said those words through gritted teeth. 
But Yara secretly breathed a sigh of relief. She knew she narrowly escaped trouble this time. 
In actuality, she had informed Linda previously that Gareth and Vincent were there. 
However, Linda did not think there would be any problem. Thus, it was not Yara, but Linda who neglected the matter. 
Furthermore, Linda even wanted Gareth to see Elisa and Philip together. 
Therefore, Yara proceeded as Linda wanted. It was Linda who misjudged the situation. 
Yara could only hope that Elisa would bring Linda down soon. 
… 
Elisa and Gareth did not speak on the plane. She put on her eye mask straight away and slept. 
After all, it was nighttime.
Gareth’s expression turned cold. When he sensed Elisa’s breathing had calmed down, he turned and looked at her beautiful face. 
Since Elisa had covered her eyes with a mask, she had dropped her defense, allowing Gareth to observe her calm expression. 
Although they had been married for three years, Gareth never took the time to look at her. 
He had also never taken the same flight with her. 
Elisa seemed to find her sleeping position uncomfortable and frowned slightly, prompting Gareth to look away. 
However, a moment later, she continued to sleep soundly. Thus, he turned to her and observed her again. 
He even called out her name in his mind. 
Elisa. 
… 
Elisa gradually woke up when the pilot announced that the plane would be landing soon. 
She took off the eye mask and looked out the window. 
The plane had started descending rapidly. She blinked and wondered why she slept so well. 
Usually, she had difficulty falling asleep whenever she traveled. 
Unexpectedly, the presence of the figure beside her allowed her to have a good sleep.
Soon, the flight landed. Elisa and Gareth disembarked together. 
Elisa walked slightly behind Gareth and did not say a word. 
Gareth seemed quite peaceful on the plane, but now, he appeared cold. He gave off an intimidating aura that made people too scared to come close. It made Elisa wonder if she was more courageous than the average person. 
The person assigned to pick them up from the airport came forward and bowed to Gareth respectfully. 
“Mr. Wickam, welcome.” 
Gareth nodded slightly but did not say anything. 
Elisa stood quietly behind Gareth. 
“Please enter the car. I have booked the accommodation and will be sending you there.” 
Gareth and Elisa still did not speak but followed the man into the car. 
They sat in the backseat, but Elisa was careful to maintain distance from Gareth. 
It was now late at night, so they would rest once they reached their accommodation. Any other matter would have to be put off until morning. 
However, Elisa did not expect the man to book only a presidential suite. 
The man never looked at Elisa through it all. He turned to Gareth and said respectfully, “Mr. Wickam, is this place to your satisfaction? If not, I will immediately arrange for another room.” 
“It’s fine.” Gareth did not say anything else.
Elisa frowned and wanted to ask where her room was. 
However, the man beat her to it.
###chapter342
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 342
Chapter 342 He Is Mean! 
“Please have a good rest. I’ll take my leave now.” 
Gareth did not say anything, but Elisa frowned and said, “Wait a minute.” 
The man looked at Elisa with confusion. 
Although he could not understand why Elisa stopped him, he said politely, “Madam, how may I help you?” 
Elisa hesitated for a moment. In the end, she replied softly, “Never mind, you can leave.” 
The man glanced at her curiously. Since Gareth did not say anything, the man nodded quietly and left. 
Then, Elisa and Gareth were the only ones in the suite. 
Elisa said calmly, “I’m going out to reserve another room.” 
She had wanted to ask that man where her room was. However, she guessed he did not know the nature of her relationship with Gareth. Thus, she changed her mind and decided to get a room on her own. 
Gareth frowned immediately and said with disdain, “You can stay here. It’s late, and I’m not in the mood to argue with you. We have to leave early tomorrow morning.” 
After saying that, Gareth headed straight into his room. 
Elisa frowned but seeing that Gareth did not care about sharing the suite with her, she hesitated before finally entering the other bedroom.
Then, she took a bath and slept for a few hours until early morning. 
Elisa woke up and washed up before leaving the bedroom. Gareth was already seating on the living room couch. She hesitated for a moment, but someone suddenly knocked on the door. 
Elisa immediately went to open the door. It was the man who picked them up at the airport yesterday. He was holding two sets of breakfast. He glanced at Elisa before turning to Gareth on the couch and said with a smile, “I brought breakfast. We can leave right after breakfast.” 
This man was part of the top management of Gareth’s branch company in this city. His name was Henry Landon. 
Henry was around forty years old but looked in his thirties. He was neither handsome nor ugly and had a moderate figure. 
Elisa accepted the breakfast. “Thank you.” 
Henry smiled but did not say anything else. He closed the door for her. 
Elisa placed one of the breakfast sets before Gareth. Then, she finished her breakfast. 
Neither of them said anything. 
Gareth did not even look at the breakfast before him. 
Elisa ignored him. Once she finished her breakfast, Gareth got up and headed outside. 
Elisa gathered her things and followed after him. 
Henry had been waiting downstairs all this while and smiled upon seeing them. “Mr. Wickam, we are ready to head out now.”
Gareth glanced at Henry and said flatly, “I’m planning to hide my identity this time. You are not to follow us.” 
Henry was astounded but did not dare to disobey. Thus, he nodded and replied, “Sure. I’ll arrange for a driver…” 
“Give me the key.” 
Elisa looked at him with a surprised expression. Is he going to drive? 
She did not say anything. He is the boss. He can do whatever he wants. 
However, as she was thinking this, Gareth suddenly tossed the key to her and said indifferently, “You drive.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
He is mean! 
Elisa sighed. She was planning to have a peaceful week. But since all he wanted was for her to drive, she was willing to bear with it. 
Thus, she did not say anything and walked out with the key. 
Henry glanced at the two of them and felt there was something strange between them. 
He cleared his throat. Then, he noticed Gareth walking ahead and rushed to keep up with him. 
Once they found the car, Elisa went to the driver’s seat straight away. Gareth sat in the front passenger seat without hesitation.
However, he remained silent for a long time. Thus, Elisa turned to him and asked, “Mr. Wickam, where would you like to go?”
###chapter343
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 343
Chapter 343 How High Are Their Standard? 
Gareth looked at her coldly. “Shouldn’t you know where to go?” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She glared at Gareth and could not hold back her anger. “Is this what Thomas has to experience, working for you all these years?” 
Gareth’s gaze turned fierce, but Elisa did not wish to speak to him anymore and started the car. 
Elisa considered for a moment and thought of a place. She did not tell Gareth about it and drove there. 
As usual, neither of them spoke. It was completely silent in the car, and they did not even turn on the radio. 
They preferred it this way. Each felt more comfortable like this. 
Elisa for one did not wish to say another word to Gareth. 
They reached the place around an hour later. 
Elisa parked the car and turned to Gareth. 
“This bridal boutique is famous and has various choices. It would be good to check this place out.” 
Gareth got out of the car without a word. 
“Wait a minute.” 
Once Gareth turned back to look at her, Elisa took out a mask and sunglasses and gave them to him.
He furrowed his brow. 
Elisa said evenly, “Didn’t you wish to hide your identity? Are you going to head in showing your face? Who wouldn’t know you are Gareth Wickam?” 
In the end, Gareth put on the mask and sunglasses without protest. He did not even utter a word. 
Elisa was already used to his dour expression. She also concealed her appearance and followed him. 
They entered the bridal boutique together. 
Elisa’s wedding project covered every part of a wedding, including wedding dresses. Thus, to complete the project well, she needed to select the right resources. 
Since this bridal boutique had a good variety, Elisa wanted to check it out. 
As they had disguised themselves well, no one recognized who they were. 
But the staff noticed their sophisticated demeanor and expensive clothes. Thus, she hurried over and greeted them warmly. 
“Good morning. I’m Laila, a bridal consultant for this boutique. It’s an honor to have you here. May I know if you have any style of wedding dress or suit in mind?” 
Elisa and Gareth considered for a moment. Then, Elisa smiled at Laila. “Nothing yet. I would like to have a look around.” 
Laila smiled politely. “Sure.” 
Elisa looked around and even went all the way to the fifth floor. However, Elisa’s disappointment grew apparent.
Even Gareth frowned and looked at Elisa coldly. “Why did you choose this place?” 
Laila was following behind them. Her smile stiffened upon hearing Gareth. Even an idiot would know that Gareth was unhappy with the bridal boutique. 
This bridal boutique is the best in the city. How high is the standard they are looking for? 
Elisa pursed her lips. “Let’s leave.” 
Laila said in confusion, “Sir, Miss, this bridal boutique is the best in the city. If you feel our inventory is not to your standard, I’m afraid you will have to go to another city.” 
Elisa glanced at Laila and nodded with a polite smile. She did not say anything and headed toward the door. 
However, the lobby manager somehow found out about Elisa and Gareth and knew they were there to survey the place. She rushed out and found them walking in her direction. 
She smiled and said courteously, “Sir, Miss, I know you’re not here to purchase a wedding gown. I wonder if you have the time to… have a chat.”
###chapter344
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 344
Chapter 344 We Have No Reason to Collaborate 
Gareth stopped walking. Elisa paused and turned to the lobby manager in confusion. “Who told you about us?” 
Gareth looked at the lobby manager intimidatingly. Although he did not say anything, the lobby manager was beginning to panic. She had never faced anyone like him. 
She felt as if his gaze could kill her. If she was any weaker, she believed she would have died on the spot. 
The lobby manager took a deep breath and began to recite the script she had prepared. 
“The truth is our company has been searching for a business partner. We also know about the collaboration between Wickam Group and Benett Corporation. Moreover, I heard you will be conducting market research, so I guess it would be around this time. Your presence stood out from the rest, and I’ve seen you on the screen before. Thus, I was able to immediately recognize both of you. I work here every day. It’s an honor to meet both of you here.” 
Laila, the bridal consultant, immediately turned pale upon hearing the lobby manager. 
It turns out they are both VIPs! How could I have said those bold words… 
Laila feared she would lose her job because the lobby manager seemed furious with her just now. 
She began to pray unceasingly. 
She did not know how to explain herself, but judging from the present situation, she had lost her chance to interrupt.
Elisa glanced at Gareth. Seeing that he would not speak, she said flatly, “What are you trying to say?” 
“Why don’t we have a discussion in my office?” The lobby manager smiled courteously. Elisa considered that this bridal boutique was rather unique. She wondered if they were going through some kind of difficulty. 
After a moment of consideration, she turned to Gareth. “Is it okay to have a discussion?” 
In the end, she still required Gareth’s approval. Otherwise, even if Elisa agreed, it would amount to nothing if Gareth refused. 
Gareth ignored Elisa. He looked at the lobby manager indifferently and said in his deep voice, “Lead the way. 
The lobby manager seemed relieved. “Sure, please follow me.” 
Then, the three of them soon arrived at an office. 
The lobby manager said, “Please have a seat. What… What drinks would you like?” 
“Let’s get straight to the matter.” Elisa looked at her calmly. “I’m more curious about the reason.” 
The lobby manager did not seem to mind Elisa saying that. All she did was sigh helplessly and said, “The recent wedding gown designs are indeed unremarkable. But we will receive a large number of wedding gowns today. They have already sent us the design drawings. Would both of you like to have a look?” 
Elisa nodded. “Sure.” 
The lobby manager rushed to display the design drawings on the computer screen. Then, she stepped aside and said, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, please come here to have a look.”
Gareth and Elisa headed to the computer. He chose to sit in an adjacent chair, but Elisa sat right in front of the computer. 
She held the mouse and checked each wedding dress design carefully. 
However, her frown deepened as she checked through thirty design drawings. 
She looked at the lobby manager and said, “Have you stopped working with your previous designers?” 
The lobby manager’s expression stiffened. A moment later, she smiled awkwardly. “The previous designers, they…” 
Before she could finish speaking, Gareth stood up. “Since the designers have left, we have no reason to collaborate.”
###chapter345
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 345
Chapter 345 Unquenchable Fury 
The lobby manager panicked and rushed to block Elisa and Gareth’s way. She said anxiously, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, you haven’t seen all the designs. Our current designers are brilliant too. It’s not as terrible as you think. Otherwise, wouldn’t our brand have gone under?” 
Elisa did not get up from her seat but looked at her. “In that case, bring to me the designs you think are brilliant. I’m afraid we don’t have time to check the designs one by one.” 
The lobby manager hurried over and chose a series of wedding dress designs to show them. 
However, disappointment grew in Elisa’s eyes as she looked through them. 
The lobby manager was breaking out in cold sweat. She said urgently, “We will receive another batch of new designs today. Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, please have a look at them later.” 
Wickam Group and Benett Corporation were major companies. If she missed out on this opportunity, she feared she would be scolded severely by her employers. 
Thus, she added, “Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, if you find anything unsatisfactory with the design, we can alter them as many times as you wish until they are to your satisfaction.” 
The lobby manager behaved humbly. One could see the panic in her eyes. 
Elisa furrowed her brow and said, “If it was only an issue of color, style, trend, or the designs lacking something unique, it would still be salvageable. However, these designs are a mess. Everything here has to be rejected. Miss, I advise that you bring back your original designers. Otherwise, your brand will crumble.”
Gareth looked at Elisa with a surprised expression. Although her words were brief, she managed to expose all the key problems. 
How much does she know? How much is she hiding from me? 
Gareth appeared furious and unwilling to say anything. 
The lobby manager panicked. She did not know what to do. “Ms. Benett…” 
However, Elisa smiled cordially. “We can collaborate if there is another opportunity in the future.” 
After saying that, Elisa and Gareth walked out of the bridal boutique. 
Upon returning to the car, Elisa frowned and said, “It seems we might as well find the previous designers and collaborate with them directly.” 
Gareth sneered and said, “External relations department.” 
Elisa frowned and looked at Gareth. “Are you saying I should discuss it with them?” 
Gareth glanced at her and said mockingly, “Do you think I brought you here for free?” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She had a strong urge to slap him. 
However, she calmed her expression and replied, “That is not within the scope of my responsibilities. If you refuse to instruct your own employees, there is nothing I can do.” 
Gareth looked at her coldly, “You could have chosen not to go.”
Elisa could feel his strong threat. She laughed mockingly and replied, “I’m only responsible for negotiating a joint venture. However, I have nothing to do with the specific implementation of the joint venture plan. You can choose to terminate the contract. If you do, the failure of the project will be attributed to Benett Corporation and Wickam Group’s incompetence. It has nothing to do with me.” 
Gareth’s expression darkened considerably. 
However, Elisa could not be bothered by him. She started the car and asked, “Where would you like to go next?” 
She planned to wait in the hotel and decide again once Gareth finished contacting the designer. 
However, Gareth had no plans to let Elisa go but wished to find out more about her secrets. He said flatly, “You can choose not to go, but are you sure you can remain in Benett Corporation?” 
“You!” Elisa burst into fury.
###chapter346
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 346
Chapter 346 Scoundrel! 
She did not expect Gareth to behave so obnoxiously. 
If Gareth wished to, it would be easy for him to exclude her and force her to leave Benett Corporation. 
She knew she could not let him keep threatening her with her weakness. 
Gareth looked at her mockingly. “You acted against me many times, but I was kind enough not to expose you on the account of my grandmother. If you still don’t know your place, don’t blame me for retaliating!” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She clenched her teeth and said, “Fine, I’ll go then! But don’t you still need to contact them first?” 
Gareth did not say anything, but Elisa knew he acknowledged what she said. Since he did not , Elisa drove the car back to the hotel. 
The most important thing now was to find that team of designers. 
If they could convince the designers to work with them, they would not need to go through other bridal boutiques. 
However, it seemed Gareth was deliberately messing with her. As soon as she parked the car in the hotel’s ground floor, Gareth sent her the phone numbers of the designers. 
“Call them yourself.” 
After saying that, Gareth got out of the car and entered the hotel.
Elisa was fuming. 
She gritted her teeth and could not even be bothered to shout at him. 
She needed to get hold of Gareth’s weakness soon so that he would stop threatening her this way. She had enough of his constant threats. 
However, she decided to give in this time. 
She took out her phone and began to call the numbers. 
… 
Time flew by that afternoon. 
Elisa did all she could and managed to secure a few designers. 
She did not insist they go to the company, but they needed to complete the collaboration first. Later, someone will discuss their employment benefits. 
Elisa gulped down a whole bottle of water to clear her parched throat. Then, she gave Gareth a call. 
He picked it up quickly. 
Elisa explained everything to him. 
However, Gareth asked flatly, “Where are you?” 
“I’m in the hotel.” 
She noticed Gareth was not around when she returned to the hotel. 
“Thomas will pick you up.”
Elisa frowned. “What for?” 
“He will tell you.” 
Gareth hung up right after that. 
Elisa felt it would be much better to communicate with Thomas than Gareth. As she was about to put her phone down, Thomas called. 
Elisa answered it straight away. 
“Ms. Benett.” 
“Hi, Mr. May. Where will you be sending me?” 
“I’ll take you to a stylist. Gareth has already chosen an evening gown for you.” 
“Evening gown? Stylist? What is he up to?” 
Thomas cleared his throat and answered, “There’s a banquet…” 
Elisa furrowed her brow immediately. “Am I to attend as his date?” 
“Erm…” 
“Is he insane? Does he not know that our situation makes it inappropriate for us to attend together?” 
How can he expect me to accept this? 
He’s crazy! 
Elisa continued to curse Gareth in her mind.
Thomas cleared his throat again before saying, “This time… Gareth wants to bring Old Madam Wickam out to help with her recovery. If you attend tonight’s banquet with him, she would believe that Gareth has changed for the better about you.” 
Elisa’s expression darkened. “Does he take her for a fool? Tell him he should find his own way to cheer Grandma up. Don’t drag me into this. I’m not going.” 
Thomas did not know what to say. 
He had told her everything he needed to. But if Elisa refused to go, he had no other choice. 
Thus, Thomas sighed helplessly and said, “Ms. Benett, if you refused to go, Mr. Wickam will…” 
Thomas could not bring himself to finish his sentence. 
Elisa’s expression turned vicious. 
That scoundrel!
###chapter347
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 347
Chapter 347 My Limit 
She was determined to make him pay one day. 
However, she had not figured out how to subdue Gareth. 
She could not harm his family because she cared about a few of his family members. 
Other than that, she could not find any weakness in him. 
It frustrated her tremendously. 
Elisa took a deep breath. I have to interact with Gareth again. What is the meaning of this? 
After considering for a moment, Elisa said, “Can you wait for a moment? I’ll call him again.” 
The matter was giving Thomas a headache. Why did Mr. Wickam insist that I deal with this matter for him? They are husband and wife. No, ex-husband and wife. Why must I be the one to pass his message? 
“Ms. Benett, please don’t delay anymore. Mr. Wickam is stubborn and is currently busy. He probably won’t accept any calls now.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
In other words, he doesn’t want to answer my call! 
Elisa took a deep breath. Meanwhile, Thomas said, “Ms. Benett, you must attend tonight’s banquet. Later, there will be a business negotiation that requires your presence.” 
Elisa had nothing to say.
Judging from what Thomas said, it was most likely something related to the joint venture between Wickam Group and Benett Corporation. 
Elisa closed her eyes and said, “When will you be arriving.” 
“I’m already downstairs.” 
“Noted.” 
After that, Elisa hung up and tidied up her appearance before heading out. 
Then, Thomas brought her to get her hair styled and changed into the evening gown before leaving again. 
Thomas sat in the driver’s seat and glanced at Elisa seated at the back. He cleared his throat awkwardly. “Ms. Benett, I’ll take you to Mr. Wickam now.” 
“Sure.” 
Elisa answered in a dull tone. She was clearly unhappy. 
Thomas did not wish to incur her wrath, so he started the car and drove. 
Around half an hour later, they arrived at Gareth’s place. Thomas stopped the car and gave Gareth a call. Soon, Gareth appeared. 
He had changed into a formal suit. Elisa saw his cold expression when he came to open the backseat door. She felt a strong urge to kick him. 
Gareth had chosen Elisa’s dress. 
To put it nicely, Gareth did not wish Elisa to dress in something unsightly.
As he looked at her flaming red evening gown that accentuated her fair skin and her exquisite figure, he did not wish to think how many men would be desperate for her embrace. Furthermore, she had light makeup on her already beautiful face. It seemed she would dazzle the whole banquet tonight. 
Gareth’s eyes darkened instantly. 
He regretted his choice at this moment. 
Elisa turned away and did not wish to look at him. 
Gareth’s expression darkened. He got into the car and sat next to her. 
Once they arrived, Thomas did not enter the banquet. 
Gareth also did not head in straight away after getting out of the car. Instead, he looked at Elisa indifferently. “Get out from my side.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
But at this point, she had no plans to fight him. Thus, she got out of the car as he instructed. However, she frowned when she saw Gareth offer her his arm. 
“What tricks are you up to?” 
Gareth looked at her coldly. He did not say anything, but his gaze was thick with threat. 
But Elisa continued to look at him sternly. “Gareth, even a rabbit will bite in desperation. What I’ve done so far is already at my limits.” 
After saying that, Elisa ignored Gareth’s sullen expression and walked ahead.
###chapter348
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 348
Chapter 348 Ms. Iris 
However, before she could take a step, Gareth suddenly grabbed her arm. By the time she realized what was happening, he had already placed her hand on his arm. 
Furthermore, no one noticed anything strange. 
Everyone thought Gareth and Elisa were close as usual. They assumed Gareth was the one who offered his arm, and Elisa placed her hand on it of her own volition. 
Elisa wanted to pull her hand away, but Gareth held on tightly, refusing her any chance to struggle. 
She turned to Gareth. Although she was smiling, Gareth could almost hear her teeth grinding. “Gareth, what do you want?” 
Gareth smirked slightly. It seemed he was mocking her. 
At the same time, it also seemed like he was in a good mood. 
He looked at Elisa and gave a rare calm response. “We are attending a banquet.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Scoundrel! 
She took a deep breath and tried her best to control her emotions. 
Since it had come to this, it was pointless for her to pull away. Furthermore, Gareth was constantly on guard against her. 
Meanwhile, Thomas remained in the driver’s seat and did not get out of the car
As usual, he did not open the car door for Gareth. 
There were a couple of reasons why he remained in the car. 
Firstly, although Gareth was Thomas’s employer, they had a brotherly relationship. Thus, Thomas did not have to keep acting courteously like others. Gareth also disliked him behaving that way. 
Secondly, Thomas did not know whether Gareth would like to sit in front or at the back. Thus, he did not move and let Gareth open the door on his own. 
There was actually another reason why he did not get out of the car. 
Since Elisa and Gareth had paired up, why would he need to get out to open the door for them? 
Thus, Gareth and Elisa entered the banquet together. 
Their expressions were calm, and they seemed to ‘get along’. It was just like how they were in their three years of marriage. They always appeared comfortable with each other whenever they attended a banquet. 
The sarcasm in Elisa’s eyes grew the longer they continued with the pretense. 
Never did she expect to be so entangled with him after their divorce. It was unfortunate that Gareth was holding onto her weakness. 
She wanted to get Benett Corporation back, so she could not afford any mistakes. If Gareth acted against her, it would endanger her plans. 
Thus, Elisa breathed in softly and controlled her emotions. 
As they were about to enter the banquet hall, the other guests glanced toward them.
Ms. Tabor of Tabor Group was laughing with a few guests a moment ago. Her smile immediately disappeared. 
Elisa’s evening gown was bright as flame and mesmerized everyone in the banquet hall. 
Previously, many people were focusing on Ms. Tabor. But now, they all turned Elisa. They could not look away from her. Their eyes were full of desire. 
Gareth’s expression darkened instantly. 
He had already started to regret his choice in the car. 
Now, he regretted it even more. 
Someone noticed Gareth and came over with a wine glass. 
This man had been active in the business circle for more than twenty years. Although he was quite influential, he still paled in comparison to Gareth. Furthermore, his company needed more projects recently so he needed to get on Wickam Group’s good side. 
He was in his early forties and had a mature charm about him that mesmerized many young ladies. 
At this moment, he came to Gareth with a courteous smile. 
“Mr. Wickam, I didn’t expect to see you here.” After saying that, he turned to Elisa and said politely, “Good evening, Ms. Iris.”
###chapter349
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 349
Chapter 349 Why Does He Reject Them? 
In the past, he would call her Mrs. Wickam, but now, he could not. The two of them had divorced, so he did not dare to take that risk. 
However, he also wished to get on Elisa’s good side, so he called her ‘Iris’. 
Gareth furrowed his brow. 
That name made him annoyed and angry. It also filled him with frustration. 
Elisa gave a nod and smiled. “Good evening, Mr. Lowell.” 
Mr. Lowell’s expression stiffened a little. It seems I have addressed her wrongly… I should have called her by her surname. But… I could only remember that Elisa was called Iris at the time. I couldn’t remember her surname. 
He felt a sense of panic upon seeing Gareth’s expression. But he calmed himself and turned to Gareth with a laugh. “Mr. Wickam, what brings you to this banquet? It’s rare for you to come to Southdale, so I must show you my hospitality. Will you be free tomorrow? Please let me bring you around.” 
“If it is to discuss a business venture, next time.” 
After saying that, Gareth did not want to continue chatting with him and left straight away. 
All Elisa could do was smile and nod at Mr. Lowell before Gareth dragged her away. 
Elisa took a deep breath. I must not lose my temper. I can’t stoop as low as this uncivilized brute! 
One day, I will trample him under my feet and force him to apologize!
Elisa continued to focus ahead and pretended that Gareth was not beside her. 
She noticed something unusual. 
Before their divorce, she always looked forward to banquets even though they were only pretending to be a loving couple. Her anticipation was not due to the chance to dress up beautifully. In actuality, it was because she could finally attend something with him. 
She could finally stay close by his side and hold his arm… 
Furthermore, Gareth would always behave lovingly with her at the banquet. Although she knew it was fake, she could not help but feel delighted and excited. 
But now, even though Gareth stood beside her as before, enveloping her with his powerful aura, all she wanted was to leave. She wished she could kick him away. 
Elisa could not resist smiling. 
Does this mean I have completely let go of him? Does this mean I no longer feel sad as before? 
She used to have trouble sleeping, had no appetite, and was depressed. She was sick of living that way. 
Gareth glanced sideways and was surprised to see a genuine smile on her face. 
His expression froze. 
What… What is she thinking? 
Does it mean she is happy to stay by my side?
Gareth smirked mockingly and continued to lead her through the crowd. 
Due to his special status, many people were eager to approach and greet him. They feared missing out. 
Elisa felt there was something wrong with Gareth today. 
Why doesn’t he send those people away? 
Elisa remembered how selective Gareth was about the person he talked to. If he was not interested, he would not even give the person a chance to speak. 
What is he doing now? Why does it seem like he is willing to humor everyone? 
It doesn’t matter what they say. He stays and chats with them. 
What the heck? 
Is something wrong with him? 
Elisa looked at Gareth as if he had gone crazy, causing his expression to darken instantly. 
The moment they were alone again, Elisa looked at him with annoyance. “Mr. Wickam, I know you’re tough, but I’m wearing a pair of twelve centimeters high heels! Can I rest for a while?”
###chapter350
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 350
Chapter 350 Pointless Argument 
I have had enough of this! 
But Gareth looked at her mockingly. “We haven’t negotiated business. What right do you have to rest?” 
“You chat with every single person who approaches you. What sh*t are you getting at?” Elisa gritted her teeth. 
“Elisa! I never permitted you to speak foully!” Gareth’s expression darkened further. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She suddenly understood why it was better not to argue with a contentious person. 
What she meant was they should begin the business negotiation soon so that they could leave sooner. 
Yet, he scolded her for using foul words. 
Elisa cursed him in her mind. He is truly insane! 
Then, she breathed in and closed her eyes. She was determined to control her temper. 
On the other hand, Gareth was determined to annoy her and continued talking to other people. 
It seemed he had spoken today more than he did in a year. 
While he was still talking to someone, Elisa suddenly noticed an opportunity. 
She smiled at them and said, “I’m sorry for interrupting.”
Once Gareth looked at her, she smiled and said in a gentle tone, “Gary, I’m going to the washroom. I’ll return in a while.” 
Gareth was stunned. He could not remember when was the last time she spoke so gently and called him that name. 
The man he was talking to smiled and nodded. “Alright, you go ahead.” 
As there was another person with them, Gareth had no choice but to let her go. He nodded slightly. 
Elisa felt like bursting into a song when Gareth released her. 
She walked quickly to the washroom. In actuality, she did not need to go, so she only went in to wash her hands. 
She had to keep holding Gareth’s arm just now. It made her hand feel dirty. 
After washing her hands, she left the washroom and glanced at the crowd. She was surprised to find Gareth talking to Thomas. However, she did not plan to eavesdrop but went to sit on a couch in the corner. 
The instant she sat down, she finally found relief from her sore feet. 
She no longer had to put her whole weight on the twelve centimeters tall stilettos. Her sole felt numb and painful. 
Then, she pulled out her phone. 
Rachel messaged her an hour ago, but she did not notice it then. 
Now, she finally checked them.
—Rachel: Babe, congratulate me! I won a lawsuit for Carle! What about treating me to a meal to celebrate? I’ll buy the ingredients. You only have to cook them for me! 
Elisa smiled. 
—Elisa: I’m away on a business trip. But once I’m back, I’ll cook a feast for you. You can let me know what you want to have first. 
—Rachel: You’re on a business trip? Where are you at? When will you be returning? 
—Elisa: I just arrived today in Southdale and will be here for about a week. 
A moment later, Elisa’s phone rang. 
Since she was sitting in the corner and no one was nearby, she answered the call. 
Before she had a chance to speak, Rachel’s whined, “Liz! I haven’t had your cooking for a long time! I’m so sad that you are in Southdale. You must remember me, okay?” 
Elisa could not help but laugh. “Why do you make it seem like I’m leaving for years? Are you looking for me only because you want me to cook for you?” 
“Of course, not… Argh, my annoying father is looking for me again. I’m sick of this.” 
Elisa frowned slightly. “What happened?” 
Rachel sighed and hesitated on whether to tell Elisa. 
Meanwhile, a figure suddenly appeared before Elisa. As Elisa was looking down, she saw a woman’s feet adorned in a pair of crystal-encrusted high heels. The woman stopped before her.
###chapter351
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 351
Chapter 351 You Think I Care About Your Cousin? 
Elisa looked up slowly and saw a woman in a white evening dress. She looked dignified and had curly brown hair flowing down her back. The woman was looking down at Elisa. 
She seemed polite and extended her hand, indicating that Elisa should continue with her call. The woman was willing to wait for Elisa to end her call before chatting with her. 
Elisa did not hesitate and continued to talk to Rachel, “Darling, I’m now at a banquet. I’ll talk to you again once I’m back.” 
Rachel was surprised but did not ask any questions. “Sure. Let’s chat again once you’re done.” 
Elisa hung up and looked at the dignified woman. “Are you Ms. Tabor?” 
Nicole Tabor was the favorite daughter of the chairman of Southdale’s largest company. 
Nicole was not surprised that Elisa knew her. She smiled and sat opposite Elisa before saying calmly, “I didn’t expect to bump into you at this banquet, Ms. Benett.” 
Furthermore, we even met this way. 
Elisa observed the person before her. “What’s the matter, Ms. Tabor?” 
Nicole smiled. Since they were the only ones there, she spoke freely. “Mr. Wickam and you have divorced.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed slightly. She looked at Nicole’s smile and could not find anything strange. Thus, she said calmly, “Everyone already knew this.”
Nicole laughed. “Forgive me for asking. Since you have divorced, why do you still attend such an important banquet with Mr. Wickam? Won’t it seem like you’re unwilling to let him go?” 
Elisa gritted her teeth. 
In actuality, she was not angry with Nicole but with Gareth. 
It’s him. It’s all because of him that I have to come to this place! 
Do you think I want to come here? 
That scoundrel! 
Still, Elisa smiled and replied helplessly, “Thank you for your kind reminder, Ms. Tabor. I’ll remember it.” 
Elisa was not an idiot. She could see that Nicole had a strong sense of animosity toward her. 
Elisa recalled Tabor Group had many collaborations with the Wickam Group. Furthermore, Nicole and Gareth personally communicated with each other on many matters. 
Mr. Tabor did not have a son, so he valued Nicole the most. He let her take over many matters in the company. 
Nicole did not speak but observed Elisa closely. Seeing how Elisa remained calm and unaffected by the things around her, Nicole smiled and said, “Ms. Benett, you seem different from two years ago.” 
Nicole had been to Bayswe two years ago to attend a banquet. She saw Gareth and Elisa there. 
At the time, Elisa seemed meek beside Gareth.
However, she now appeared confident and natural. There was even a hint of coolness about her demeanor. 
Elisa smiled and watched Nicole observing her. “One experiences a lot in the span of two years. Naturally, a person changes as they grow in years.” 
Nicole fluttered her lashes and smiled. “I’m quite amazed by your presence today. However, are you sure this is enough to make him return to you?” 
Elisa looked at Nicole and could not resist laughing. “Ms. Tabor, it seems you are interested in being Mrs. Wickam.” 
Nicole smiled but did not say anything. It amounted to a silent admission. 
Elisa pursed her lips. “In that case, you have mistaken your rival. You should ask around again and determine who is your real rival. If you target the wrong person, you might miss your chance. Then, you will regret it for the rest of your life.” 
Nicole’s expression froze slightly, but she suddenly chuckled. “What makes you think I care about your cousin?” 
Elisa smirked slightly. No wonder. Nicole lives in Southdale and doesn’t know many things, so, unsurprisingly, she mistook me for her rival. 
However, before Elisa could continue to consider the matter, Nicole spoke again.
###chapter352
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 352
Chapter 352 Tell Me Something I Don’t Know 
“I apologize for being direct, but I was more surprised to find out that you divorced because of your cousin.” 
Elisa pursed her lips. 
It was likely difficult for bystanders to understand how important Linda was to Gareth. 
Elisa would not let herself be bothered by what Nicole said. After all, she did not care about Gareth. Thus, Nicole’s words could not hurt her. 
Then, Elisa smiled and did not say anything. 
Nicole looked at Elisa with a hint of surprise. Elisa was completely different from what she imagined. 
After pausing briefly, Nicole said with a smile, “I hope you’re not my rival.” 
Elisa nodded nonchalantly. “Don’t worry. I’ve had enough of hitting against the wall. Thus, I have no desire to humiliate myself again. If you think a little more, you’ll understand why he brought me to this banquet and appeared before everyone.” 
Nicole has power and various means at her disposal. Thus, it was likely that she knew Gareth’s reason for coming here. She probably even knew about the Wickam family’s present situation. 
Therefore, Elisa believed she did not need to reveal anything. Nicole should already know. 
As expected, Nicole nodded. “I hope you keep to your words.” 
Everyone thought Elisa and Nicole would be enemies. Yet, they appeared to get along fine. No one could find any trace of animosity between them.
Many people were looking at them, hoping to catch something to gossip about. 
But they were disappointed. 
… 
As Elisa only found out about the banquet at the last minute, she had no idea that this banquet was broadcasted live. 
Although the audience could not hear the banquet guests’ conversation, they could still see who the guests interacted with and what they were doing. 
Everyone anticipated Gareth to appear. When they saw him arriving with the equally anticipated Elisa, the news spread through various forums. Numerous people talked about it frenziedly. Some people were so happy that they were on the verge of tears. 
—Little Bird: Boohoo… I knew they would reconcile. Previously, they were so loving together. It must have been due to some misunderstanding that they split. But true love always prevails. I’m waiting for them to get back together, and I want more of their loving moments! There haven’t been any loving moments between them for so long that I’m nearly starved to death! 
—Carousel: No! I don’t want to see them reconcile! Something must be wrong with Elisa! Mr. Wickam is so good to her and loyal too. Yet, she did not appreciate him and cheated on him during their marriage. Now, she has the audacity to return to his side! She should scram! Mr. Wickam is mine! 
—Slippy: No one knows the whole truth of the matter. Things are not always black and white. 
—My Husband Is Will Darcey: Boohoo… No way. I was rooting for Mr. Darcey and Elisa. How could she get back with Gareth again? I don’t like this!
—Mimi Ziegler: Elisa is double-faced and a cheater! Why do you still side with her? 
Will was reading the comments while watching the live broadcast. When he saw Elisa holding Gareth’s arm, his usually cheery self disappeared, and his gaze turned cold. 
At the same time, his assistant, Cole, reported more matters to Will. 
Will responded flatly, “I already know those things. Tell me something I don’t know.” 
Cole nodded and began again. “Ms. Benett has a mother who disappeared. At the time, her mother wanted a son and not a daughter, but Elisa’s father was impotent. Thus, she abandoned Elisa and her father and left by herself. No one knows where she is now.” 
Will continued to scroll on his phone screen. 
“Ms. Benett now believes there is something strange about her father’s death. She had already instructed Charli from her law firm to investigate. They managed to gather some evidence, but the evidence is incomplete.” 
“Norman, his wife, and daughter had moved out of the house and left it for Ms. Elisa.” 
Will was not interested in these things, but what Cole said next prompted him to look up immediately.
###chapter353
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 353
Chapter 353 A Little Blind 
“Ms. Benett is Wisteria.” 
Will stopped what he was doing and looked at Cole coldly. 
Cole stiffened slightly, but he continued his report, “That day, Ms. Benett was not at home or the law firm. Through the surveillance record, I saw her coming out of her unit door in disguise. Later, it was Carle who sent her back.” 
Will remained silent, so Cole forced himself to continue presenting his report. “After Carle left, Ms. Benett returned to her unit. Then, I saw Mr. Wickam… He entered through the unit door. When they were in the same elevator, Mr. Wickam kept trying to subdue Ms. Benett until they stepped out of the elevator on Ms. Benett’s floor. Less than thirty minutes later, Mr. Wickam re-entered the elevator in a bad mood.” 
Will gripped his phone tightly. 
“It really was her.” 
No wonder she seemed familiar that day. 
No wonder I sensed Gareth was wrong. 
I should have guessed it sooner! 
After pausing for a moment, Will looked at Cole and said in a deep voice. “Why did it take so long to provide me with the answer?”
Cole’s expression changed, and he said in a panic, “I… I did not expect this matter to be related to Ms. Benett. Therefore, we investigated from the wrong angle from the beginning. Mr. Darcey, I know my mistake and am willing to accept any punishment. I will not repeat the same mistake!” 
Will gave a chilling gaze and said sternly, “What else?” 
He was not asking whether Cole had any more guarantee. In actuality, he wanted to know if there were any other matters concerning Elise. 
Cole shook his head. “We haven’t found anything else for now. Should I continue to investigate her mother’s identity?” 
“Yes. I also need you to investigate the cause of her father’s death.” 
Cole nodded respectfully. 
Then, Will looked at Cole emotionlessly. “I’ll only forgive your carelessness this time. I have no room for incompetent people.” 
Cole stiffened nervously but was quick to respond courteously, “Yes, sir.” 
Seeing that Will had no other instructions, Cole retreated from the room. 
Will was now alone in his office, watching a video of Elisa and Nicole. They seemed to be talking about something. The thought turned Will’s gaze even more intimidating. 
Then, he sent Elisa a message. 
—Will: It seems wild cats are all disobedient. 
Elisa sensed her phone vibrating. She read Will’s message and could not understand it.
—Elisa:? 
… 
At the same time, Julia was watching the live broadcast. 
Her eyes beamed with joy. She said excitedly, “They really got back together!” 
Jerry sat beside Old Madam Wickam. Helplessness flashed across his eyes. 
Julia looked at Elisa and Gareth on the screen happily. She could not resist laughing. “If this goes on, do you think they have a chance of reconciliation?” 
Jerry did not know what to say. 
However, Julia sensed something was wrong as soon as she finished speaking. She looked at Elisa and Gareth closely on the live broadcast and hesitated before saying, “The two of them suddenly turned this way. To be precise, Gareth’s mood changed more drastically between them. This brat… Did he notice that I’m not well and decide to put on a show for me?” 
Jerry seemed conflicted, while Julia continued, “After all, in these few years, didn’t they put on an act whenever they attended a banquet?” 
Then, Julia signed and gradually put down her phone. “Gareth is good in every aspect. However, he is blind when it comes to emotions.”
###chapter354
Chapter 354
Chapter 354 Hard of Hearing 
Jerry did not know what to say. 
But Julia looked at her son and frowned. “Can’t you smile more obviously?” 
Jerry was rendered speechless. 
He frowned helplessly. “Mom, you have seen what happened. We can’t force something like this to go our way.” 
In the end, he did not wish to lie to his mother. 
“Your grandson has his own way of life. Sometimes, it is pointless to worry about him. You know what Gareth is like. No one can control him.” 
Still, Julia could not help but worry for Gareth. “By the time he knows how good Elisa is to him, I fear it will be too late to get her back.” 
Jerry sighed but did not say anything. 
Then, Julia said softly, “There’s no need to worry about my health. You also don’t have to travel all the way here to see me. I have resolved my emotional conflict, so don’t worry. I will also take my medicine on time. Moreover, I’m much healthier now than before.” 
Jerry nodded and looked at Julia. “Gareth will regret his actions one day. You must wait patiently to see the day Gareth finally feels regret and pursues Liz again.” 
Julia nodded. She seemed both angry and in anticipation. “That’s right. I must wait for that day. I think this brat is too full of himself. I can’t wait to see him cry one day!”
Jerry cleared his throat and was rendered speechless by his mother’s words. At the same time, he understood she was worried about Gareth. 
… 
Meanwhile, at the banquet, Gareth finished talking to Thomas and began searching around for Elisa. When he found her sitting opposite Nichole, he frowned and rushed there. 
Elisa and Nicole seemed to be getting along. Nicole looked up and saw Gareth coming over. Her eyes flashed, and she smiled at him, “Mr. Gareth, it’s been a long time.” 
Gareth nodded slightly but did not say anything to Nicole, causing her gaze to dull slightly. 
Elisa looked up at Gareth and frowned. Why did he come here? 
I’m resting now. He can remain in other places and stay away from me. There’s no need to act like a couple now. 
Gareth looked at Elisa. “How much longer are you going to rest?” 
“My feet are sore. The stilettos are too high.” 
It meant she did not wish to move. If he wanted to negotiate collaboration with other companies, he should meet them on his own as they did not concern her. 
Gareth had chosen her shoes. 
His eyes widened slightly, and he looked toward her feet. However, he could not see anything because her evening gown hid them.
Then, his eyes flashed coldly, but he put on a calm demeanor. “Bear with it for now. We will leave after we finish negotiating a few projects.” 
Elisa’s frown deepened. This scoundrel is taking his chance while my feet are sore. He is still trying to drag me around. 
But Nicole was here, so he had to behave like a gentleman. Seeing that, Elisa smiled and said, “Mr. Wickam, I believe with your capabilities, you don’t need me to negotiate anything. My presence will only cause you trouble, and my feet hurt a lot. Can you go by yourself?” 
Elisa gradually turned to Nicole as she spoke. “You seem close with Ms. Tabor. Perhaps you two should walk around together.” 
Nicole was stunned and looked at Elisa with a surprised expression. 
Gareth furrowed his brow quietly. Nicole noticed this and replied with a laugh. “I’ll skip this out as I still have other matters to deal with. Anyway, I came here to rest my feet for a while. It’s quite tiring to walk around in high heel shoes.” 
Elisa saw Gareth’s cold expression and smiled at him. Her gaze seemed to be saying: Did you hear that? Ms. Tabor fears you are hard of hearing and reminded you that high heel shoes are tiring.
###chapter355
Chapter 355
Chapter 355 A Longing Gaze 
Gareth was unaware that he had been scolded by two women at almost the same time. 
One scolded him for his blindness to his surroundings, while the other scolded his hard of hearing. 
It seemed strange if one were to think about it. How could such an obtuse man be so successful in the business circles, such that people secretly wondered if he made a deal with the devil? 
Gareth narrowed his eyes and seemed more intimidating than before. 
But Elisa parted her skirt slightly. Although the shoes Gareth had chosen for her were beautiful, they were extremely uncomfortable. 
She seriously wondered if Gareth deliberately bought her such terrible shoes. 
The instant Elisa parted her skirt, Gareth could clearly see that her feet were red. 
His frown deepened. 
Elisa chuckled. “See, my feet have become like this. Are you sure you still want to bring me around?” 
Gareth pursed his lips and did not reply. He turned and left straight away. 
Nicole saw him pull out his phone to give someone a call. 
A moment later, she looked away from him and turned to Elisa with a vague smile. “Ms. Benett, have you truly let him go?” 
Elisa arched her eyebrows but did not reply. 
Her expression indicated that Nicole might not believe her even if she had answered her question.
Seeing that, Nicole decided not to linger and said with a smile, “I have to deal with other matters. Ms. Benett, I shall take my leave.” 
Elisa smiled and nodded. “Sure.” 
Then, her surrounding became quiet again. 
However, her phone suddenly vibrated frenziedly. 
Elisa could not understand why she suddenly received so many messages. 
She had only sent a question mark to Will, but he did not reply to her. Why would he suddenly send one message after another? 
It did not seem like Gareth’s style. 
Then, she found out the messages were from Rachel and thought it was normal. 
—Rachel: !!! 
—Rachel: My goodness! 
—Rachel: Why are you with Gareth? Why are you attending a banquet with him? 
—Rachel: Liz, what are you up to? Why did you choose to appear at the same banquet as him? You even appeared before the public. Doesn’t this make it even harder to break off from him? 
Elisa was stunned. 
—Elisa: How did you find out? 
She recalled she never told Rachel or her other friends that she had come here with Gareth.
—Rachel: I can see you sitting on a couch in the corner now. I even watched you chat with Nicole just now. 
—Elisa: What the heck? 
—Rachel: It’s a live broadcast! Your banquet has been broadcasted live all this while! 
—Elisa: Sh*t! 
—Rachel: It’s rare to see you curse. Liz, what were you thinking? Have you gone mad? 
Elisa’s expression darkened. 
It’s a live broadcast! 
Doesn’t that mean everyone can see me walking in with Gareth? 
It would seem like we have gotten together again! 
Gareth, that scoundrel! He must have known this! 
Is he willing to make this much effort to make grandma happy? 
She turned around and immediately found Gareth standing among the crowd. 
He had a dignified appearance which made others around him seem lackluster and pale in comparison to him. 
It seemed as if Gareth could sense Elisa’s murderous gaze. He glanced over with his cold eyes and met her gaze. 
Elisa could vaguely sense mockery in his gaze.
Suddenly, her phone rang. She glanced at her WhatsApp again. 
—Rachel: Pfft, you are gazing at each other longingly through the crowd.
###chapter356
Chapter 356
Chapter 356 We Can’t Do Anything, But Someone Can 
—Elisa: What the heck? 
However, it was now too late for her to escape. Furthermore, everyone saw her holding his arm for two hours. Thus, it was now pointless to hide. 
—Rachel: You’re trending again. I think movie stars would be envious of you. Who knows how many directors want you in their movies or entertainment shows? 
Elisa pursed her lips and did not speak. 
But she was anxious. 
—Rachel: Babe, can you tell me why you got involved with him again? 
Elisa sighed helplessly. 
—Elisa: It’s because of work, so I have no choice. Furthermore, grandma is not feeling well and wishes to see us reconcile. I know he is acting, but I did not expect him to do it on such a grand scale. 
—Rachel: What are you going to do? You can’t even clarify at this point. 
Numerous people were scolding Elisa on Twitter, and Rachel did not dare to inform Elisa about this. However, it did not mean Elisa would not check Twitter on her own. 
She logged into her Twitter account and saw that it was full of comments scolding her, prompting her to rub her temple. 
Then, she remembered she was on camera all this while and was unable to relax. Thus, she headed to the washroom straight away. It had become her safe haven.
Her thoughts were a mess. She could not figure out what to do. 
Still, she was not the only one. 
Linda was also on the verge of losing her mind at this moment. 
She threw her phone to the floor and said through gritted teeth. “How could this happen? Why did Gareth bring her to the banquet?” 
Rose was pale from shock, but she still comforted Linda, “I heard Old Madam Wickam is unwell and could not sleep for a few days. Gareth must have been anxious about her well-being and used this method to help her recover.” 
Linda’s gaze turned cruel. “She might as well die.” 
Norman said solemnly, “We can’t let it go on like this. Gareth and you must get married so that he can settle down. Otherwise, who knows what tricks Elisa would be up to? Now, we constantly fear her recording us, so we can’t expose her true nature. I’m sick of having to pretend to be nice to her!” 
Linda clenched her fist and punched the bed. “But he keeps making me wait and refuses to marry me soon. I’ve done all that I could think of, and I suspect he is hesitating.” 
Linda was so furious that she felt her blood boil and became dizzy. It seemed she really needed to stay in the hospital. 
Previously, she underestimated Elisa and thought she and her father were easy to mess with. Never did she expect a seemingly insignificant person like Elisa to flip everything to her advantage. 
Linda was on the verge of despair.
Rose noticed Linda trembling and saw how pale her face was. She quickly held Linda’s hand and said worriedly, “Linda, you must calm down.” 
Linda bit her lower lip. “I can’t afford to calm down now. If I don’t do something, I might lose everything. I even risked my life to save him. Everyone in the city knows I’m his savior. But look at what he’s doing!” 
Rose said firmly, “You must calm down! Previously, you were able to act calmly even when he wouldn’t spare you a glance. Now, he is concerned enough to ask about you. It shows you have made progress.” 
Linda pursed her lips and remained silent. 
Meanwhile, Norman looked at Rose coldly. “What should we do then?” 
Rose sighed and closed her eyes. “We can’t do anything, but someone can.”
###chapter357
Chapter 357
Chapter 357 Someone Pushed Her! 
Linda and Norman immediately turned to Rose. 
Linda urged eagerly, “What is your plan? Please tell me!” 
Her urgency prompted Rose to frown. “Linda, no matter what happens, and no matter the time, you must keep calm! Even if there is no one else around, you mustn’t behave this way!” 
Norman’s expression darkened. “Now is not the time to lecture her about this. Tell us the plan now!” 
Rose knew Linda and Norman were anxious, so she sighed and said, “We aren’t the only ones who hate Elisa. Others hate Elisa being with Gareth even more than us. Don’t you think Monica watched this live broadcast?” 
Norman’s eyes brightened. “Yes, not just Monica. Even Old Mr. Wickam dislikes Elisa.” 
Linda furrowed her brow. “This is the most useless plan I’ve heard. Previously, we also thought to use their disdain for Elisa to get rid of her, but…” 
“Was it useless? Didn’t it get them to divorce? Moreover, Old Mr. Wickam issued an announcement saying terrible things about Elisa. Did you see Gareth do anything about it?” Rose chuckled before continuing, “From this, we can see that Gareth obeys his elders. Therefore, you only have to avoid offending them. As long as they are on your side, you will always have a good life.” 
Linda frowned again. “No, this won’t do. We need to be more proactive.” 
Norman nodded in agreement. “She’s right! The Wickam family will only think of themselves in all they do. Why would they care about us?”
Rose sneered and said, “If we keep acting against her, we will only increase the chances of exposing ourselves. Elisa is now a completely different person. Aren’t you scared that she would find out something detrimental to us? Even though she lost Benett Corporation, she was still able to rise as she did.” 
Linda and Norman suddenly became silent. 
Then, Rose turned to Linda and reminded, “About this matter, Gareth probably only wanted to help Old Madam Wickam recover. Once the banquet ends, you should give him a call but don’t question him. Instead, you must speak to him in an understanding manner, okay?” 
Linda pursed her lips and nodded obediently despite still feeling indignant. 
On the other hand, Norman headed toward the door and said unhappily, “You have better come up with a plan soon. If this goes on, we will be doomed.” 
Linda clenched her fists and fumed. “I underestimated that b*tch!” 
“Haven’t I told you to calm down?” Rose looked at her daughter with a frown. “You weren’t like this before, and you didn’t let anything affect you then. Yet, look at you now. Is this a behavior worthy of an heiress of the Benett family?” 
Linda took a deep breath and stopped grumbling. She tried her best to suppress her anger. 
… 
Meanwhile, at the banquet, Elisa hid in the corridor before the bathroom. As there was no camera here, she could finally relax a little. 
Then, she opened a door in the corner and headed outside.
She glanced around and found there was no camera there either. Thus, she finally stood comfortably before the waist-height railing. 
The banquet was held on an island. She listened to the sound of sea waves and felt her worries slip away. 
Then, she replied to Rachel’s message and put her phone back in her purse. 
However, someone suddenly pushed her. 
Splash!
###chapter358
Chapter 358
Chapter 358 Is Something Wrong With Her Head? 
Elisa was startled. 
She did not react even as ice-cold water seeped through her clothes. 
Who pushed me? Was it Nicole? 
Although I heard Nicole can be ruthless, she is still a dignified person and does not seem like someone who would resort to this. 
Since the banquet is a live broadcast, could Linda and her family be behind this? 
They don’t know that I can swim very well. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. Should I pretend that I can’t swim and wait for the rescue? 
She splashed about in the waters and made it seem like she could not swim. 
Suddenly, a person screamed, “Someone fell into the waters! Please come and save her!” 
It was hard to determine if the person who shouted was a staff or a guest at the banquet. 
But her scream alerted everyone in the banquet. 
Others called out for help too, and many more people rushed outside to have a look. 
Gareth also heard the call for help. 
His heart thumped urgently for an unknown reason. He immediately glanced at the couch in the corner and furrowed his brow when he realized Elisa had gone to the washroom and did not return.
Then, he realized the scream was coming from the direction of the washroom. His face turned pale, and he immediately ran in that direction. 
“It’s Ms. Benett! Is there anyone who can swim? Please save her!” 
Someone suddenly shouted, making Gareth even more anxious. 
He did not stop to think but glanced toward the waters and confirmed Elisa was in it before jumping straight in. 
Elisa was stunned. 
Are my eyes playing tricks on me? 
The person who jumped in looks like… Gareth! 
As she was still splashing about, a strong arm suddenly wrapped around her waist. 
Her lashes trembled slightly. She did not say anything but let the man grab her. 
She considered this place had many staff, guests, and other people who could have saved her. Even Nicole likely would not stand there and do nothing. 
Never did she expect Gareth was the one who would come to save her. 
Seeing that Gareth had jumped in, no one else planned to enter the waters. Everyone remained on the shore and watched Gareth carefully hold her in his arms and bring her to the shore. 
Thomas was waiting on the shore and quickly helped them onto it. 
However, Elisa’s gown was soaked through and clung tightly to her body, making her curves even more apparent.
One could see her exquisite figure from the way her gown stuck to her. Gareth’s expression darkened. His clothes were wet, so he turned to Thomas. 
Thomas immediately took off his jacket. Then, Gareth covered Elisa with the jacket to hide her curves. 
He did not care what anyone would think and carried her in his arms, letting the jacket cover her body. 
Elisa was startled. “You…” 
Gareth had a solemn expression and did not say anything but headed away from this place. 
He passed by the banquet hall and showed up in the live broadcast. 
The audience could not hear anything and did not know what had happened. When they saw Elisa was drenched, the audience became even more confused. 
—Spring Dawn: My goodness! Mr. Wickam is carrying her in his arms! 
—Have A Look: What’s going on? Why is Elisa drenched all over? 
—Gareth Wickam Is My Hubby: I think the banquet is held on an island. Could she have fallen into the waters? 
—Spring Dawn: Could it be another of Elisa’s tricks to get Mr. Wickam to hold her? How can she be so devious? She is the one who wanted a divorce, and now she’s playing this. Is something wrong with her head?
###chapter359
Chapter 359
Chapter 359 Crossed 
In no time, Gareth carried Elisa into the car carefully while the latter didn’t think anything was wrong. After all, many eyes were watching them, so Gareth wouldn’t possibly drag her into the car violently. 
Moreover, Julia could be watching the live stream too. If she knew Elisa fell into the water and Gareth just sat aside and did nothing, he would’ve wasted this chance. 
In fact, she could had swum back on her own just now. However, she decided to continue hiding the fact that she could swim because the opponent might harm her in the same way again. It was a way of protecting herself. 
After closing the car door, Gareth shot a cold glance at her. “Don’t act stupidly in front of me next time.” 
Elisa’s eyes fluttered. She opened her handbag and realized that her phone was spoiled as a result of having been soaked in water. 
She squeezed a smile at Gareth. “May I borrow your phone?” 
Gareth wore a sarcastic smile and replied, “Remember to compensate me with a phone.” 
Then, he took out his phone from his pants pocket – water was still dripping down the phone. 
Elisa was tongue-tied. 
Actually, Gareth could have changed in the resting lounge, but he didn’t do so and left directly as he wanted to get back to the hotel as soon as possible. The hotel was nearby. 
Elisa frowned and looked at Thomas. “Mr. May, may I borrow your phone?” 
“Sure.”
Upon receiving the phone from Thomas, Elisa immediately sent a message and deleted the message history before returning the phone to him. 
Thereafter, there was a pin-drop silence in the car. 
This time, Gareth didn’t carry Elisa. Wearing Thomas’ jacket, Elisa strode into the lift. The moment she got back to the room, she went straight into the bathroom to change. 
When she came out of the bathroom, Gareth was already sitting on the couch in the living room. She could tell that he had just taken a shower too. 
Gareth gazed at Elisa aloofly, “Did someone push you into the water?” 
Elisa’s eyes were crystal-clear. She smiled and asked, “Do you think someone is coming after me?” 
“You should know if someone pushed you.” 
Elisa smirked and did not respond. Nonetheless, Gareth could tell that indeed, someone was coming after Elisa. He recalled the scene and thought Elisa wouldn’t be so careless to fall into the water herself. 
Moreover, Elisa was a shrewd woman. But who would choose to attack her here? Why didn’t Elisa say anything just now? 
Gareth’s eyes were filled with coldness. 
Elisa probably thought it was unnecessary to tell Gareth anything. After all, their relationship was not genuine, so it would be useless to talk to Gareth about the incident. As such, she would rather remain silent and investigate the matter on her own instead of troubling Gareth.
Perceiving Elisa’s calm and nonchalant look, Gareth’s countenance became more frigid. He didn’t intend to meddle with her affair, so he went to Thomas’ room. 
He looked at Thomas indifferently and asked, “What did Elisa do with your phone just now?” 
Thomas let out a soft cough. After all, he had to respect Elisa’s privacy. 
Gareth ordered coldly, “Find it out.” 
She must have sent a message to someone to tell that person about the incident. Was it Will? 
At that moment, Gareth was crossed. Thomas had no choice but to take out his phone. 
Before this, Gareth used to communicate with him via text messages. He was worried that he would accidentally delete some messages, so he installed an application that would allow him to restore deleted messages. 
So…
###chapter360
Chapter 360
Chapter 360 Since When Did He Care About Me? 
After restoring the message, Thomas passed the phone to Gareth. 
‘Charli, someone pushed me into the water today. The major suspect is Linda. Do investigate her but don’t miss out on anyone else suspicious too. Don’t reply to this message. I’ll find a chance to call you.’ 
When Thomas read the message, his expression changed. “Ms. Bennett…” 
One couldn’t tell whether he was referring to Elisa or Linda. 
On the other hand, Gareth wore a ghastly expression and remained silent. 
Standing aside, Thomas racked his brain trying to understand the situation. Mr. Wickam knew my phone was able to restore deleted messages. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have come to ask me about it. Elisa deleted the message, yet Mr. Wickam restored it. And… what’s going on between Elisa and Linda. Is there really something wrong with Linda? 
Thomas was confused, but he didn’t dare to tell Gareth his thoughts. 
Currently, Gareth’s relationships with both Elisa and Linda were complicated. Thomas could only try to figure out the situation and choose who to trust on his own. 
Moments later, Gareth ordered in a deep voice, “Go and investigate the matter.” 
Slightly stunned, Thomas subconsciously looked at Gareth. Is he suspecting Linda? 
“Okay.” 
Nevertheless, Thomas wasn’t aware that what made Gareth more irritated was that Elisa refused to tell him she was pushed into the water. She would rather keep everything to herself!
Back when they were married, Gareth might have found Elisa a nuisance if she complained to him about things like this. However, now that Elisa remained silent, even Gareth couldn’t understand why he was so frustrated. 
After Gareth returned the phone to Thomas, the latter went out. Suddenly, Gareth thought of something and blurted, “Wait a minute.” 
Thomas glanced at Gareth in perplexity. The latter paused a while before saying distantly, “Go and buy some medicine.” 
Thomas was caught off guard. “Sir, are you feeling unwell?” 
Gareth pressed his lips and said something, hearing which, Thomas was startled. With that, he left the room. 
Elisa planned to head out and buy a new phone because her phone broke. Although it was already night, the cellphone shops were still open. 
Just as she opened the room door, she saw Gareth standing outside the room with his hand reached out. Obviously, he was about to open the door too. 
She stood aside to give way to Gareth. After Gareth walked into the room with a cold face, Elisa said nothing and directly walked out of the room. 
Gareth’s expression darkened even more. “Where are you going?” 
“To buy you a phone.” 
Gareth was at a loss for words. Elisa continued walking away, but Gareth suddenly strode up to her, grasped her wrist, and pulled her onto the couch.
Everything happened in a split second, and Elisa was taken aback by his action. Her eyes were filled with shock. What is he doing? 
She lifted her head to look at him in silence. Gareth gazed at her coldly and blurted, “You’re not going anywhere tonight.” 
Elisa stared at Gareth ridiculously. “Why?” 
“Someone is coming after you, yet you still plan to go out?” 
Surprised, Elisa glanced at Gareth. However, she soon figured it out the next second. He probably didn’t want Grandma to worry. If something happened to me, Grandma might not be able to take the hit. Otherwise, since when did he care about me? He never even bothered to spare a glance at me in the past. 
At that thought, Elisa said, “Then I’ll have to trouble you to help me get a new phone and phone card, for the sake of Grandma.” 
Gareth’s eyes darkened as he lifted his head to gaze at her.
###chapter361
Chapter 361
Chapter 361 Like A Hedgehog 
“You can beg me.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless as she gazed at Gareth. “Gareth Wickam, is there something wrong with your brain?” 
Gareth’s expression turned gloomy. “If it wasn’t for me, you would have drowned in the water. My phone was even spoiled because of you. Shouldn’t you beg for my forgiveness?” 
Elisa smiled. “Given the situation, you shouldn’t accuse me of being ungrateful. I know you didn’t rescue me for my sake, but because you didn’t want Grandma to worry. Even if you didn’t rescue me today, some other kind soul would.” 
To think about it, she would have appreciated anyone else who saved her, even if that person had his or her own motive. After all, that person would have been her life-saver. 
However, she just couldn’t bring herself to thank Gareth. Whatever. Indeed, I’m a petty person. 
Sure enough, Gareth’s face turned sullener, but Elisa continued staring at him fearlessly. “Would you only buy me a phone if I beg you?” 
She knew Gareth wouldn’t allow her to head out today, and she thought it was unnecessary to provoke him at this moment. 
It could be dangerous out there. Linda was a maniac – she would even stage a car accident with herself being the victim. There was nothing she wouldn’t do. So, it was indeed risky for Elisa to go out at night. 
Truth be told, Gareth was still unhappy about Elisa.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” 
Elisa was startled for a moment before she realized what he was talking about. She put on a faint smile and asked, “Would you believe me if I told you?” 
Gareth didn’t know how to respond. Elisa smirked when she perceived his response. He clearly remembers that he never believed what I said in the past. 
Gareth closed his eyes and mumbled, “I’ll get someone to buy a new phone for you. Call Grandma and tell her you’re safe. She has been looking for you.” 
Elisa said nothing and immediately walked to the home phone to call Julia. 
Soon, Julia picked up the call. “Hello.” 
“Hey Grandma, it’s me, Elisa.” 
There was a slight pause at the other end of the line before Julia asked anxiously, “Hey Elisa, is everything okay? I saw you were drenched just now. What happened?” 
It was very quiet in the room. Gareth was standing not far away from the phone. Even though Elisa did not put the call on speaker, he could still hear Julia’s voice. 
Elisa sat down in front of the phone. The expression on her fair face softened into a gentle grin. “I stood too close to the water and accidentally fell into it. I’m fine now, Grandma.” 
“I don’t believe that you’re fine! Please be more careful next time and don’t linger around those dangerous places, okay?” 
“Okay. Don’t worry, Grandma. I promise it won’t happen again.” Elisa spoke gently while Gareth became more frustrated.
It is as if this woman can easily switch between personalities. She’s extremely gentle to Grandma, but she’s like a hedgehog when facing me, defensive and invasive. 
Elisa continued talking with Julia for some time before she hung up the phone. 
Just then, someone knocked on the door. 
“Mr. Wickam.” Thomas’ voice came forth, which surprised Elisa. 
Gareth regained his composure and went to answer the door. Thomas passed a white, high-quality bag to Gareth. “The one on top is for Ms. Elisa.” 
Gareth said nothing and closed the door after receiving the bag. 
Elisa was perplexed. It doesn’t look like dinner. Could it be… 
Gareth cast an aloof glance at her and opened the bag to take out his stuff. Thereafter, he ignored her.
###chapter362
Chapter 362
Chapter 362 How Guilty Should the Ex-wife Be? 
After Gareth went back to his bedroom, Elisa walked up to the couch and opened the bag to see a phone box and medicine below it. 
Elisa was surprised. She took out the medicine and was stunned to realize that it was an ointment to treat bruises. She recalled that she had lifted her gown during the banquet, so Gareth had seen her leg. I can’t believe he’s so attentive. 
Elisa didn’t bother with the ointment and went back to her bedroom after setting up the new phone to contact Charli. 
Charli soon picked up the call. 
“Elisa?” 
Elisa’s eyes glistened. “Charli, my phone was spoiled after being soaked in water. I just replaced my phone card.” 
Charli asked worriedly, “What exactly happened?” 
Elisa pressed her lips. “I’m not sure about the exact situation. I stepped outside alone, and someone pushed me into the water.” 
Charli snorted and grumbled crabbily, “I have to find out who the culprit is! I’ve already sent someone to look into the matter. I believe it won’t take long to catch that person. Luckily you informed me earlier.” 
Elisa mumbled, “The culprit most probably got a scapegoat, but there’s still a chance of finding some clues. I’m leaving this matter to you, Charli. Thank you.”
“Don’t mention it. You don’t have to thank me.” Charli seemed to be displeased. 
Elisa smiled. “How are you now? Is everything okay?” Charli’s worried voice emerged again. 
“I’m all well. Don’t worry about me, Charli.” 
“Okay. Be more careful from now on and try not to go out on your own.” 
“Alright.” Elisa still wanted to say something to Charli, but a frosty voice came forth from outside the door. “Come out for dinner.” 
Elisa thought that what she wanted to say wasn’t too important, so she said, “Charli, I have some other matters to attend to. Goodbye.” 
“Alright, go ahead. Take care.” 
“Thanks.” Elisa was touched. 
After hanging up the call, she walked out of the room. Gareth had already arranged the meal boxes on the dining table. Elisa washed her hands and sat down across from Gareth. At that moment, Gareth had already started eating. Elisa thought the scene was rather surreal. 
Although there was no deadly feud between Gareth and her, they had divorced after all, yet they were under the same roof now and their interaction was even more intimate than when they were married… 
Truth was, Gareth had never eaten with her at home during their three years of marriage. He would only appear at the dining table when Julia threatened him. But now… 
Ha. I guess it’s because of Grandma. Otherwise, he wouldn’t have brought me along for this business trip.
At that thought, Elisa picked up the cutleries. 
Suddenly, Gareth’s phone rang. He frowned upon seeing the incoming caller ID. Elisa instinctively thought he hated being interrupted while having a meal. 
Gareth was reluctant to answer the call, but remembering that Elisa was sitting across from him, he involuntarily picked up the call and put it on speaker. 
Before Gareth could say anything, an anxious voice came forth. “Hey Garry, is everything okay? I saw you walk out with Elisa in your arms. Did you rescue her? Are both of you okay?” 
Sarcasm flashed through Elisa’s eyes. So, it’s her. She definitely sounds gentle and thoughtful. Her fiancé is involved with her cousin, who is also her fiancé’s ex-wife. Not only isn’t she displeased, but she’s actually worried sick. How guilty should the ex-wife be? 
Elisa lifted her eyes and noticed the complicated emotions in Gareth’s eyes.
###chapter363
Chapter 363
Chapter 363 Are You with Elisa Now? 
“I’m fine.” Gareth’s tone was much gentler when speaking to Linda. 
Elisa lifted her brows and continued eating. At that moment, her heart did not ache the slightest bit. Instead, she found it ridiculous. 
How lucky am I to be able to hear the conversation between my ex-husband and my slutty cousin? Both of them are on a call. I can’t believe I’m sitting here listening to two of them being lovey-dovey. Should I call myself a shameless home-wrecker? 
Linda was relieved. “Thank god! I was so worried that you guys were injured. How did Elisa fall into the water?” 
Gareth paused for a while and lifted his eyes to see Elisa eating her food with her head lowered. Elisa quickly dismissed her sarcastic look. 
Gareth’s expression became more solemn as he answered calmly, “She was being stupid.” 
Elisa’s hand, which was holding a spoon, froze. He doesn’t want Linda to worry about me, huh? 
“But… Elisa is not a careless person. It might not be an accident. Thank god you were there, Garry. Elisa can’t swim. If you weren’t there, I’m afraid she would…” 
Linda sounded as if she didn’t dare to imagine the outcome. 
Elisa’s face darkened. She thinks I can’t swim. 
Perceiving Elisa’s calm and indifferent look, Gareth’s expression turned colder, but his voice remained gentle. “Don’t overthink. She’s just a troublemaker.”
Elisa lifted her head immediately and stared at Gareth speechlessly. Are there any hurtful things that he wouldn’t say? 
Linda sighed in exasperation. “Garry, I know you might appear hostile on the surface, but you’re kind deep down. Although you and Elisa have divorced, you’re a dignified man, so of course, you would save her. Don’t worry, I won’t overthink. In contrast, I’m so thankful that you saved Elisa today. Thank you, Garry.” 
Linda put it in such a way that it was as if Gareth had saved Elisa because of her. 
Elisa smirked. Linda has changed her approach. Before this, she pretended to be an innocent girl who insisted on not ruining their relationship. Now that she has become Gareth’s partner, she’s pretending not to care about Gareth being involved with other women. 
Elisa laughed in spite of herself. My cousin is too generous! 
Gareth’s face darkened. On the other hand, Linda, who was waiting for Gareth’s reply, was stunned to hear the laughter. Despite the soft volume, she could tell that it was Elisa’s laughter! 
Rationally, Linda knew she should have pretended to not hear it, but she couldn’t help asking, “Garry, are you with Elisa now?” 
Gareth answered steadily, “No.” 
“Huh?” 
Linda was doubtful of his answer. Did I hear it wrongly? I clearly heard Elisa’s laughter which was filled with sarcasm!
Gareth darted a warning glare at Elisa and continued, “I’m eating. Take care of yourself and don’t worry about those unrelated people.” 
Elisa nearly rolled her eyes at Gareth. However, Linda’s doubt was not dismissed. Something is fishy! I have to send someone to look into it! 
She inhaled deeply and pretended to buy Gareth’s words. “Alright. Take care of yourself too, Garry. I won’t disturb you since you’re eating.” She hummed with a smile. 
“Sure.” Gareth’s voice was even gentler than just now. However, his eyes turned sulkier when he observed Elisa’s unaffected look.
###chapter364
Chapter 364
Chapter 364 Elisa, I Don’t Think That’s Appropriate 
After the call ended, Elisa could finally eat peacefully as silence was restored in the room. In fact, she thought the food tasted pretty good. 
On the other hand, Gareth had lost his appetite as he was annoyed, but he couldn’t figure out why he was experiencing such emotions. 
Suddenly, he put down his cutleries. The atmosphere in the room became more intense as his face darkened, but Elisa wasn’t affected at all. After all, she was used to his aura. 
Gareth stared at her frostily and had the urge to reprimand her, but he couldn’t bring himself to lecture her when he saw her calm look. 
Elisa squeezed a smile and mumbled in resignation, “Sorry, I didn’t mean to sow discord between the both of you. I just couldn’t control myself just now…” 
She was indeed amused by Linda’s performance. In the past, Linda had portrayed an elegant and noble persona, but now, Elisa thought Linda was becoming more hypocritical and was going astray from her original innocent facade. 
Elisa was dying to see Linda’s pretense break down. She wondered what Gareth’s response would be when he saw her true color. Would he think that he was blind? 
Gareth snorted and said nothing. Nonetheless, Elisa could tell from the sarcasm in his eyes that he didn’t believe what she said. So, she arched her brows and said, “Since you don’t believe it, I will not explain further.” 
Gareth’s eyes darkened. Elisa finished her food in no time and said to Gareth with a wide grin, “Enjoy your meal, Mr. Wickam. I’m going to wash up first.”
Gareth was tongue-tied. He had lost interest in the food because he was being driven mad by the woman sitting across from him. He had never realized that Elisa had the ability to drive him up the wall. 
Just as Elisa was about to leave the dining table, her phone screen lit up. She was surprised to see the incoming caller ID, but she picked up the call after hesitating for a while. 
“Hi, Mr. Darcey.” While saying that, she stood up and walked to her bedroom. 
At once, the atmosphere in the dining room froze! Even after closing the door, Elisa could sense the frigidity that gushed into her room. 
“How are you?” Will’s calm voice was slightly tinged with concern. 
Elisa’s eyes glistened as she answered normally, “I’m fine. Thanks for your concern.” 
Will sighed in exasperation. “Why do you still sound like I’m a stranger to you?” 
Elisa smiled and switched the topic naturally. “Is there something you would like to talk to me about?” 
“Yeah.” 
“What is it?” Elisa thought Will had a favor to ask her. 
However, she was caught off guard by what Will said thereafter. 
“I miss you.” 
Elisa was at a loss for words. The corner of her lips twitched as she answered in a sarcastic manner, “Mr. Darcey, your sweet words caught me off guard.” 
“When can I win your heart?”
At that moment, Gareth was standing right outside the room which was poorly soundproofed! 
So, he could hear Elisa’s voice. Even though he couldn’t hear what Will said, he could roughly guess the content. Instantly, he had an impulse to tear the room down! 
“Stop being so cheesy.” Elisa became speechless. “So, what is it that you wanted to talk to me about?” 
“Can’t I call you just to check in on you? I remember you asked me to consider partaking in a project. Why are you pushing me away now?” Will sighed and continued, “Elisa, I don’t think that’s appropriate.” 
Before Elisa could say something, the room door was flung open with a loud bang.
###chapter365
Chapter 365
Chapter 365 Gareth Wickam, Have You Lost Your Mind?! 
Elisa turned around in shock to see Gareth standing at the door, looking furious. 
Holding her phone, Elisa stared at Gareth in confusion and did not reply to Will. 
“What happened?” Will’s voice emerged from the phone. 
Gareth approached Elisa with a darkened face and snatched away her phone while the latter was still in a daze. 
“Gareth Wickam, have you lost your mind?!” Elisa scowled. 
Immediately, Will’s eyes turned as cold as ice. 
“I don’t want to see you dating during the business trip.” With that, Gareth hung up the call. 
Will’s face became gloomy, and he immediately called his assistant, Cole. 
“Hi, Mr. Darcey.” 
“Book me a ticket to Southdale right away.” 
Cole was stunned. “Mr. Darcey?” 
There was no current agenda that required them to be at Southdale. Besides, as Will’s assistant, he was familiar with his schedule. Usually, he was the one reminding Will of his schedules, but now… 
“Book it now.” Will blurted the three words solemnly. 
Cole snapped out of his daze and responded. “Sure. Shall I book the earliest flight?”
“Yes.” 
“As you wish.” 
Thereafter, Will hung up. His expression remained sullen. 
Elisa is with Gareth? Why are they still together at this hour? 
… 
Meanwhile, Gareth threw Elisa’s phone on the bed after hanging up the call. Elisa gazed at him in perplexity and yelled, “What the hell is wrong with you? It’s not working hours now!” 
Gareth shot a threatening glare at her. “You didn’t manage to talk business during the banquet today. Don’t you need to work extra hours to make up for it?” 
Elisa was at a loss for words. She even thought that Gareth should consult a psychiatrist! 
“I refuse to work overtime. We don’t have any schedules planned for tomorrow. I can continue my work tomorrow. Get out now!” 
Elisa pointed at the door, signaling that she wanted to rest. 
Gareth followed the direction she was pointing in and looked outside the room to catch sight of the ointment on the couch. 
Pressing his lips tight, he grasped Elisa’s hand and dragged her out of the room forcefully. He was exerting so much force that Elisa knocked into his back when he halted all of a sudden. 
Gareth’s body stiffened when Elisa’s ample bosom came into contact with his back.
Elisa shoved his hand away and scoffed at the ridiculous man, “What the hell do you want?” 
Gareth had been acting abnormally today, which made her exasperated. 
Gareth forced her to sit on the couch before sitting down next to her. At once, Elisa was enveloped by his gloomy aura and remained motionless as if Gareth had cast a spell on her. 
The next second, Gareth held her smooth calves. When their skin came into contact, it was as if an electric shock was sent forth to their bodies. 
Before Elisa could push him away, Gareth placed her legs on his knees. Elisa struggled madly as if she had seen a ghost, but Gareth constricted her legs and ordered, “Stay still.” 
“Oh my goodness, you must have lost your mind! Do you know what you’re doing, Gareth Wickam?!” 
While Elisa was gasping, Gareth took off her shoes all of a sudden. 
Flustered, Elisa struggled even harder. However, she was totally dumbfounded when she saw Gareth open the cap of the ointment.
###chapter366
Chapter 366
Chapter 366 Ridiculous 
Is he… going to personally apply ointment on me? 
Elisa gazed at Gareth as if she was looking at a madman. 
Since she couldn’t break away from him, she gave up on struggling. She looked at him in disbelief and asked, “What exactly is wrong with you?” 
She had had injuries during their marriage too. Gareth had seen the injuries, but all he did was turn and walk away callously. 
This time, her feet merely had bruises due to her high heels, yet Gareth was helping her apply ointment. Elisa was utterly bewildered. This man is nothing but a weirdo… 
Ignoring Elisa’s question, Gareth opened the ointment and carefully applied it on her bruises while Elisa was bereft of speech as she was astounded. 
Feeling the cold sensation of the ointment and Gareth’s soft finger, Elisa had goosebumps all over. 
It was only after Gareth finished applying ointment on one foot did Elisa regain her composure. She reached out her hand, intending to take the ointment from Gareth. “I can do it on my own. I’m overwhelmed by your actions.” 
Gareth darted a cold glance at her and did not respond. Instead, he forcefully lifted her other foot and applied ointment on it while Elisa remained shell-shocked. 
Even after Gareth finished applying ointment on both her feet, she still felt as if it was a dream.
I can’t believe this jerk could be this kind. If it’s for the sake of Grandma, he has already done enough on the surface. We’re in a private room without a surveillance camera. My feet are just slightly swollen – it’s nothing serious. What exactly is on his mind? 
Elisa quickly pulled her legs back. Gareth sat on the couch and had no intention of leaving. Elisa could tell from his sullen expression that he was in a terrible mood. 
She let out a soft cough and put on her shoes. Then, she wore a professional smile and said, “Thank you, Mr. Wickam. I’m going back to my room first. Have a good night.” 
Gareth glared at Elisa hostilely. “Elisa Benett, are you heartless?” 
Elisa was shocked as she stared at the man in front of her. “What did you say?” 
Gareth stood up with a straight face and strode back into his room without answering Elisa. Elisa was left staggered. I sacrificed so much for him during those few years, yet he’s asking if I’m heartless? What a ridiculous man. 
Elisa was still nonplussed when she lay down on her bed. She wasn’t moved or emotionally stirred by Gareth’s actions; she was merely confused. 
Given Gareth’s personality, why would he possibly apply ointment for me? What the hell is wrong with him? 
Perhaps it was because of the ointment, Elisa had a deep and sound sleep that night. The next morning, she washed up as usual and was about to head out to work with Gareth. However, she walked out of her room and found the common space bizarrely quiet, which made her perplexed. Is Gareth still sleeping or did he head out already? 
Moments later, someone knocked on the door. “Ms. Elisa, it’s me.”
Elisa stood up and went to answer the door. Thomas handed her breakfast and said with a smile. “Mr. Wickam has some matters to attend to this morning, so he asked me to send you breakfast. Please take some time off this morning. You don’t have to work.” 
Elisa squeezed a smile and hummed, “Thanks.” 
Thomas looked at Elisa in surprise. Did she believe it? 
Nonetheless, he didn’t say anything and left after nodding at Elisa. Little did he know that Elisa didn’t buy his words at all – she knew he had merely made up a statement. 
After having breakfast, Elisa turned on her laptop. Since Gareth didn’t assign any tasks to her, she decided to handle her own work tasks. 
Just then, her phone rang again.
###chapter367
Chapter 367
Chapter 367 He Would Not Give In Anymore 
She was surprised to see Will’s incoming caller ID. 
“Hi, Mr. Darcey.” 
“Hey. Have you had breakfast?” 
“Yeah. What’s up?” 
“Where are you now? I’ll come to find you to talk about our partnership.” 
Elisa was shocked. “Are you in Southdale?” 
Will smiled. “Yeah.” 
Elisa paused for a while before answering, “I’m only free in the morning today. My schedule for the rest of the day is not confirmed yet.” 
“Sure. Let’s meet for lunch then.” 
“Okay. Go ahead and book a restaurant. I’ll see you there.” 
“Alright.” 
Elisa dressed up and headed out after receiving the location from Will. 
It was a clubhouse where wealthy people gathered. Elisa entered a private room as instructed by Will. By the time she arrived, Will was already there. He lifted his eyes and smiled when he saw Elisa’s slender figure. “Hey, take a seat.” 
Elisa nodded and walked up to him. “Sorry for making you wait.”
A familiar gentle smile tugged at Will’s lips. “I just arrived too.” 
Then, he poured Elisa a glass of red wine and said gently, “This is a famous red wine produced locally. The color and taste are top-tier. Give it a taste.” 
Elisa went to sit across from him and received the red wine. She didn’t taste it immediately but stared at Will insouciantly. “Did you come here because you have some matters to attend to?” 
Placing his arms on the armrest, Will tapped his skeletal finger softly on the armrest. 
The uneven tapping rhythm made one nervous for some reason. At the same time, the atmosphere seemed to have frozen because of that. 
His deep-set eyes were dark and complicated. Moments later, he smiled and uttered in a slow, clear voice, “Would you believe it if I say I came here just to look for you?” 
Elisa’s long eyelashes fluttered. The next second, she replied with a smile, “You must be kidding me, Mr. Darcey.” 
“That never exists between you and me.” Will arched his brows. Elisa was at a loss for words while he continued gently, “I wouldn’t bother kidding with outsiders.” 
Elisa’s eyes glistened. She knew pulling a joke was not Will’s thing, but lying was. 
Squeezing a smile, she didn’t intend to continue the topic. So, she said naturally, “How’s your consideration going regarding the partnership?” 
Will sighed and answered, “I agree to take part in the collaboration, but I have a condition.” 
Elisa looked at him in curiosity. Wearing a faint smile, Will explained, “Since this partnership is proposed by you, I want you to be the person in charge, together with me, throughout the entire project.
After all, it is an investment worth hundreds of billions, not tens of millions. I hope you can understand, Elisa.” 
Elisa remained silent. He must have requested so because I personally followed Gareth here to be in charge of the project too. 
Perceiving Elisa’s silence, Will said with a smile, “Your proposal is amazing. Any outstanding employees might be able to produce a satisfying outcome. However, the inspiration and creativity came from you, so you’re able to produce the best presentation. I’m raising such a request merely from the point of view of a businessman. Whether it works out or not depends on your view on the matter.” 
In other words, he would not give in anymore. 
Elisa hesitated for a while and finally responded. “This is not a short project that lasts only one or two months. If I were to follow up on it personally, I might be occupied for quite a long period, which goes against my original intention.” 
“Indeed, but it’s a project that can be completed within three or four months. It would take longer than that if you want to recover Benett Corporation. You should be well aware of how much the contribution to Benett Corporation would be if this project is successfully completed. By that time, you would be the major contributor. I’ll announce to the public your contribution. This is a beneficial deal to you.”
###chapter368
Chapter 368
Chapter 368 Do You Plan to Rekindle the Relationship? 
Elisa pressed her lips. Will was right – it was indeed an advantageous deal for her, but she was still grappling with the matter and could not decide. 
Will struck while the iron was still hot. “Once this project succeeds, you might even be able to enter the executive board. I can assign all collaborations of Benett Corporation to you, and you’ll be the only person in charge.” 
Elisa slowly shifted her gaze to him. Looking at his gentle smile, she answered calmly, “You’re willing to go this far to help me, even to the extent of making such a huge sacrifice and bet. What exactly do you wish to obtain from me?” 
Elisa stared fixedly at Will?s face as she didn’t want to miss any of his subtle expressions. 
Will smiled. Despite the urge to answer, ‘You’re the reason’, he uttered naturally, “Putting aside the fact that I’m fond of you, in all honesty, I find the proposal promising. I believe no one else in the company could devise such a holistic proposal. Besides, Benett Corporation is actually experienced in project development. Unfortunately, I had doubts about the management of the company before this. Now that you’re in the company, I believe our collaboration would bring both companies to new heights. So, it’s only natural for me to say yes to the proposal. I’m a businessman, aren’t you too, Ms. Elisa?” 
Elisa remained silent with her eyes filled with complicated emotions. 
Will’s offer was highly tempting, and she was dying to accept the offer. After pausing for a while, she replied indifferently, “We’ll talk about the rest in the future. I can accept your condition for the partnership this time, but it’s up to the company to make the final decision.” 
Will smiled and hummed, “I trust your abilities.”
In other words, he deemed that the collaboration was set as long as she agreed. 
Elisa’s eyes glistened. Just as she stood up and was about to leave, Will uttered with a half-smile, “It’s probably not the best timing to leave now. Gareth is next door; you might bump into him.” 
There was a sudden change in Elisa’s expression as she shot a glance at Will and asked, “Did you choose this venue on purpose?” 
“No.” 
Elisa averted her gaze – she didn’t believe him. 
Will sighed in resignation. “It’s really a coincidence this time. I only saw him just now when I was walking in.” 
Elisa wouldn’t know that Will was actually telling the truth. 
Nonetheless, she did not retort to him. The last thing she wanted was for Gareth to see her meeting Will. Although they had already divorced, and Gareth had no right to control her, Gareth and Will had a strained relationship. If Gareth saw her with Will, she would probably suffer the next few days. So, Elisa intended to settle the matter with Will properly. 
After thinking about it, Elisa turned to face Will and said, “I’m going to stay here with Mr. Wickam for the next few days for work. I’ll only have time to proceed with our collaboration after returning. I believe you’re very occupied too, so I reckon you won’t have time to find me.” 
In fact, she was reminding him not to disturb her these few days. 
Will took the wine glass and took a sip of the wine before asking with a faint smile, “Elisa, do you plan to rekindle your relationship with him?”
“Rekindle our relationship?” Elisa sneered in sarcasm. “Love never existed between him and I. There’s nothing to be rekindled.” 
Gareth had always been temperamental, and Elisa had no idea what was wrong with the guy lately. Anyway, she didn’t plan to be associated with him in any way. 
Will smiled. “I trust you, and I promise I won’t disturb you these few days.” 
Will and Gareth were opponents, so it was natural that Will didn’t want to see Elisa with Gareth. 
Suddenly, someone knocked on the door.
###chapter369
Chapter 369
Chapter 369 You’re Even Thinking of Collaborating with Him?! 
Elisa and Will glanced toward the door at the same time. “Come in.” Will muttered. 
A server opened the room door and walked in with a few bottles of red wine. 
Will said with a smile, “I ordered these wines for you. They taste superb, but unfortunately, you didn’t even take a sip. Were you worried that I would spike the wine?” 
Elisa retracted her gaze and answered with an indifferent look. “I just think that drinking is harmful.” 
Will was amused. “Even red wine?” 
Just then, he sensed a piercing gaze on him. He lifted his eyes to see a tall figure standing at the door. At that moment, Elisa’s back was facing the door. She, too, sensed something was off – the piercing glare felt familiar. 
Elisa’s body stiffened, but she pretended to not have noticed anything and lifted her wine glass. But alas, the back of the couch that she was sitting on was not high enough to hide her. So, Gareth was able to see her shoulders and above clearly. 
Soon, she heard the sound of footsteps approaching. Elisa remained silent while Will looked at the comer with a half-smile and uttered, “Hi Mr. Wickam, has your appointment ended?” 
Ignoring Will, Gareth walked up to Elisa, stopped beside her, and shot a cold glare at her. 
Elisa had no choice but to slowly lift her head. A chill ran down her spine when she met Gareth’s gloomy eyes.
Ugh… If I had left just now, maybe I wouldn’t have bumped into him! The waiter just came to serve the wine; who knew this nuisance would discover us. 
Looking hostile and frigid, Gareth blurted, “I gave you half a day off from work, and you’re here dating?” The sarcasm in his words hit Elisa’s heart ruthlessly. 
She looked at the man in a composed manner and asked, “Do you have any instructions for me regarding work? Since I was given half a day off, shouldn’t I have the freedom to decide how I want to spend it?” 
Gareth pressed his lips as the veins on the back of his hand jolted. 
“Great.” 
Will smirked. Seeing the two staring daggers at each other, he cast a probing glance at Gareth and uttered, “Mr. Wickam, why did you barge into my room out of the blue – to have a drink with me?” 
“To pick up a person.” Gareth spat frigidly through gritted teeth. 
The atmosphere in the room was as cold as if they were in a freezer. 
Before Elisa could say something, Gareth grasped her wrist all of a sudden and dragged her away forcefully. 
“Gareth Wickam, let go of me!” However, Elisa simply couldn’t break away from Gareth. 
On the other hand, Will sat to the side and watched the scene — the deal had already been closed, so he didn’t intend to snatch Elisa away from Gareth. 
With that, Elisa was ruthlessly dragged away by Gareth.
“Let go of me, Gareth Wickam!” 
Elisa’s face was extremely sullen as she was frustrated with the man who seemed to have lost his mind. 
In no time, Gareth threw her into the car while she remained silent and glared at him with a frown. 
Gareth sneered, “Elisa Benett, you’re getting bolder these days. Don’t you know that he’s my enemy?!” 
“I don’t care what the feud is between you guys. Both of you are my collaboration partners.” 
“You’re even thinking of collaborating with him?!” Gareth scowled. His glare was so threatening that Elisa shuddered involuntarily. 
She had never experienced such a strong aura from Gareth. Inhaling, she then said gently, “Calm down, Gareth. We can talk things out.”
###chapter370
Chapter 370
Chapter 370 A Nuisance with Evil Intentions 
Elisa’s words jolted Gareth back to his senses. What the hell am I doing?! 
At once, he furrowed his brows as his face darkened. God knew how upset and frustrated he was! 
He closed his eyes and remained silent while leaning against the car seat. 
Only then did Elisa heave a sigh of relief. Given how furious Gareth was just now, she didn’t know what horrible actions he might take. 
Just then, Elisa’s phone started vibrating. Upon glancing at the incoming caller ID, she picked up the call without bothering with Gareth. 
Before she could say anything, a loud voice emerged from the other end of the line. 
“Hey Elisa, are you okay? My dad freaking summoned me yesterday, and I just regained my freedom and was made aware that you fell into the water. Oh my goodness! What exactly happened?!” 
Gareth frowned. He was able to keep his cool upon discovering that the caller was a female, so he didn’t interrupt Elisa, and the atmosphere in the car finally eased up. 
Elisa asked worriedly, “What did your dad do to you?” 
“It’s nothing; just the same old thing. No matter what, he’s my father. He can’t possibly kill me. What about you? Did you get any injuries or catch a cold?” 
Since Rachel had no intention of elaborating on her matter, Elisa didn’t probe further. “I’m fine. All is good.” She answered in a normal tone.
Rachel was relieved to hear it. “Glad to know. By the way, I saw Gareth carry you out in his arms. What’s going on between the two of you?” 
Gareth suddenly opened his deep-set eyes, awaiting Elisa’s answer. 
“Nothing is going on.” 
“What do you mean by that?! He even carried you! Oh my gosh! Aren’t you guys divorced already? Didn’t you recently say that he’s a nuisance? Why are you still meeting him?” 
At once, the atmosphere in the car became intense. Thomas was so shocked that he almost stepped on the brake pad. 
There was a slight change in Elisa’s expression as she subconsciously cast a glance at Gareth to see his eyes filled with murderous intent. 
She quickly averted her gaze and blurted, “I still have some stuff to attend to. See you.” 
However, Rachel didn’t buy Elisa’s words – she knew Elisa was trying to avoid her questions, so she immediately squealed, “Hey, don’t you hang up the call! Come on, we’re sisters!” 
Elisa could sense that Rachel was indeed upset, so she couldn’t hang up the call. 
She subtly pressed the volume key to decrease the volume, but Rachel raised her voice even more! 
“Elisa! What on earth is wrong with you today? Not only did you go on a business trip with him, but you also kept appearing with him in public. This is going to damage your reputation! I’m worried that Gareth’s fans will sabotage you later.” 
“Okay, I’ll be more mindful next time.”
The moment she said that Elisa could sense a fierce glare on her face. 
“When are you coming back?” 
“When work is done.” 
“Alright, be careful then. I somehow feel that he’s approaching you with evil intentions. Besides…” 
Elisa’s eyelids twitched as she could clearly perceive the deadly glare from Gareth. She inhaled and quickly interrupted Rachel. “Hey Rach, I’m out with Gareth for some work now. I’ll call you back.” 
Before Rachel could respond, Elisa instantly ended the call and put her phone back into her bag, pretending as if nothing had happened. 
Gareth stared daggers at her and spat through gritted teeth, “A nuisance with evil intentions?”
###chapter371
Chapter 371
Chapter 371 Innovation 
Gareth was burning in rage– Elisa was wise enough to know that she shouldn’t argue with him recklessly, so she remained silent. In fact, it was a rare occasion that she didn’t retort to Gareth. 
Having nowhere to vent his frustration, Gareth scoffed, “Elisa Benett, you better pray that I don’t hear things like that again. Otherwise, you will suffer the consequences.” 
Elisa didn’t bother to bicker with him, so she closed her eyes and refused to respond. 
On the other hand, Thomas felt as if the car engine was failing today because no matter how hard he stepped on the accelerator, the journey seemed to be endless. 
However, the display panel clearly showed that he was driving at a fast speed. If he continued accelerating, he would exceed the speed limit. 
Elisa thought they were heading back to the hotel, but she realized Thomas was going a different way, so she asked, “Where are we going?” 
“To meet the designers.” 
Her eyes darkened, Elisa pressed her lips and remained quiet. Didn’t he say that I was given half a day off from work? It’s not even noon yet! 
Soon, they arrived at their destination. The meeting this time was also held in a private room, but the venue was different from the previous clubhouse. 
When Elisa and Gareth walked into the room, the designers had already arrived. There were three men and two women, all of which seemed to be in their thirties. Upon seeing Elisa and Gareth’s arrival, they stood up and greeted the two.
“Hi Mr. Wickam, Ms. Elisa.” 
Gareth nodded at them and dismissed his sullen look. “Please take a seat.” He hummed indifferently. 
Then, he went to sit on the main couch while Elisa sat on the couch next to him. 
The room seemed to be a proper meeting room because there was only one long couch that could accommodate four people while the rest were single-seat couches. In the middle of the couches was a tea table, and there were no other entertainment facilities. 
The designers were nervous as they sized Gareth and Elisa up. How could they possibly not be nervous with Gareth around? 
Gareth leaned against the couch and crossed his long legs while tapping his bony fingers on the armrests from time to time. The aura that he emanated was so imposing that one could hardly breathe. 
He remained silent while Thomas walked forward and passed a contract and some materials to Elisa. 
Elisa knew this was a job assigned to her, so she looked at the designers and asked, “Hi, all of you agreed with the direction of our collaboration this time over the call yesterday. Is there anything else that you would like to add?” 
The designers shook their head. Elisa nodded with a smile and took out the contract from its envelope. “Great, then we can sign the contract first.” 
The designers received the contract and perused it. After ensuring that nothing was wrong, they signed it. 
When the procedure was completed, Elisa gazed at them and said, “We shall start discussing the theme of the wedding gown next.”
The woman who was older than the others asked, “Ms. Benett, do you have any requests for the design of the gown?” 
Elisa smiled and answered, “Innovation.” 
The designers were startled by the ambiguous answer. Even Gareth, too, cast a displeased glance at Elisa although he refrained from commenting. 
Elisa ignored their response and continued, “I observed all the themes that you guys studied in the past. You incorporated minor innovations each time, but this time, I would like to request comprehensive innovation.” 
Everyone wore a confused look. Another man spoke up, “Ms. Benett, can you be more specific? We can explore the direction and try to design one according to your request.”
###chapter372
Chapter 372
Chapter 372 You Know This Designer 
Elisa observed the designers and perceived the judgment and repulsion in their eyes. “What I want this time is not your individual designs, but I want you guys to work with one another to produce the designs.” She explained. 
The designers were dumbfounded. 
“In fact, I’ve studied your designs thoroughly. Each of you has your forte, so I hope you can combine your strengths and produce the most outstanding designs.” 
Rina, the eldest designer, replied with a surprised look. “All our strengths are different. If we were to combine all our strengths, the style might not be…” 
“Every gown only needs one style. There are seventeen styles that I would like you guys to work on. For example, Ms. Rina, your strength is designing collars and chest areas; Mr. Howard is good at handling the waist and sleeves while Ms. Lowry is experienced in designing the skirt.” 
Elisa narrated the strengths of each designer. Only then were they shocked to realize that their strengths could actually be combined to form a wedding gown. It was a brand new challenge for them! 
Even Gareth was impressed. Elisa’s proposal is indeed awesome, but every part has to be done perfectly and strengthened. The setting of the wedding venue is conventional with a tinge of creativity. As for the wedding gowns, the direction is for them to be completely innovative and uncommon. It’s indeed a brilliant idea. At the same time, these few designers are experts in the industry, so they have the ability to achieve Elisa’s requirements. But… the original plan was to have eighteen wedding gowns, why did she mention only seventeen?
Rina was amazed by Elisa’s suggestion. She thought the idea was not bad, so she nodded and said, “I thought what you meant was the style that each of us is good at. Since you’re referring to different parts of the gown, I think we can take up the challenge to create more perfect designs.” 
“That’s right.” A smile tugged at Elisa’s lips. “I heard that you guys are close with each other, hence I raised such a request. If you think that’s okay, we’ll set the direction as such.” 
“No problem.” 
None of the designers had any ions, and all of them seemed excited about the project. The discussion this time was thorough. After all the details were decided, the meeting ended. 
Gareth went back into the car and sat in the original seat beside Elisa. He turned to look at Elisa and asked, “Why did you only ask them to design seventeen gowns?” 
“Because I already have one design.” Elisa answered. 
Currently, Gareth allowed Elisa to make all decisions and liaise with respective parties. After all, this was a collaboration between two companies. Elisa didn’t discuss every detail with Gareth because they would eventually have to report their progress to the companies’ management. So, they still had time to talk about the details during the approval period. 
Gareth furrowed his brows as he stared at Elisa. 
Elisa found a picture in her phone and sent it to Gareth together with a document. When Gareth clicked on the picture and saw the design, his eyes were glued to the screen as he was totally attracted to the design. 
Gareth didn’t give a comment immediately but opened the attached document. When he read the introduction of the design and its meaning, he turned to look at Elisa and blurted, “You know this
designer.” 
His tone was calm – it was a narrative sentence. 
Elisa’s eyelashes fluttered with sarcasm flashing through her eyes. I know this designer?
###chapter373
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 373
Chapter 373 Why Can’t I Go Back? 
Gareth averted his gaze to the draft again. The gown had a creative design, and he had never seen such an outstanding quality of design. Every detail of the gown was dazzling not because it was embellished with many pearls, but because it was a very special gown itself, especially the design at its chest and waist. Truth be told, Gareth even had the urge to make Elisa wear the gown to see the actual appearance. 
“Answer me.” 
Elisa nodded. “Yeah.” 
Before Gareth could say anything, Elisa quickly added. “She’s busy and could only make one design.” While saying that, she dismissed the sarcasm in her eyes. This wedding gown… 
Her eyes were filled with complicated emotions as she had yet to reconcile herself to her grievance. 
Gareth pressed his lips and did not utter a word. However, his eyes continued staring at the design. For some reason, he found the simple yet elegant style rather familiar… 
A moment later, he suddenly examined Elisa with his sharp eyes while Elisa closed her eyes to rest, pretending to not have noticed his gaze. 
Once again, silence was restored in the car. As much as the two might seem to be enemies to each other, no one could stand in between them. In fact, Thomas thought Linda seemed to be out of place when she was with them. 
They didn’t head back to the hotel directly because it was lunchtime. After arriving at the restaurant, Gareth had no intention of moving after sitting down on his chair. Thomas passed the menu to Elisa and said with a smile, “Ms. Elisa, why don’t you order the food?”
Elisa darted a glance at Gareth before receiving the menu. After thinking about it, she named a few dishes and passed the menu back to Thomas. “I’ll leave the rest to you.” Thomas nodded. 
Originally, Gareth’s expression was still gloomy, but Thomas could clearly observe that his expression softened after Elisa made the order. Truth was, most of the dishes Elisa ordered were Gareth’s favorite dishes. Nonetheless, his mood lightened up not because of the food that was ordered, but because… 
Thomas let out a soft cough and continued browsing the menu. 
Soon, the dishes were served. The three people ate in silence, and the atmosphere was rather peaceful. After lunch, they returned to the hotel. 
After getting out of the lift, Elisa turned to look at Gareth and asked, “Are there any schedules this afternoon? Did you go to meet the venue designer this morning?” 
“Yeah.” 
Elisa nodded. “Then… Can we go back already? Our local suppliers are the better option for the remaining parts.” 
Gareth shot an indifferent glance at her and mumbled, “I have some other matters to attend to.” 
“I see. Alright then, I’ll go back first.” Elisa answered in an understanding manner. 
Gareth, who was originally relaxed, pulled a long face at once. “No way.” 
Elisa was confused as she gazed at the man. “I’ve completed my tasks. Why can’t I go back first?” 
Thomas sped up his pace – all he wanted was to be an invisible man and return to his room.
“We still need to work on the venue’s design. You’ll be in charge of that from now on.” Gareth replied coldly. 
Elisa was at a loss for words. If I hadn’t mentioned leaving just now, he wouldn’t have asked me to be in charge of the venue. That is an ad-hoc task! 
Thomas, who silently slipped back to his room, came back to Elisa with a pile of documents in his hand. “Ms. Elisa, these are the proposals for the venue’s design.” 
After saying that, he scurried back to his room as if he had never appeared, leaving Elisa speechless.
###chapter374
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 374
Chapter 374 Her Ploy 
Gareth had a video conference next. Elisa went back to her room with the plans. 
Thomas sent a message to Elisa about the events of the morning. 
She spent the entire afternoon pouring over the plan, wondering how to get things straight with the design team. 
At night, Gareth ate dinner with her as usual. 
Elisa noticed that he was restless but continued eating without any concern. 
Unexpectedly, Gareth’s phone rang again. 
It was Linda. 
She smiled as he furrowed his brows. “Isn’t she your savior as well as your girlfriend? Isn’t it bad to not pick up the call?” 
He shot daggers at her mocking smile and snorted. “Who said I wasn’t going to pick it up?” 
The smile on her face turned even more cynical. “I was just saying.” 
It sounded like she was provoking him. 
He sneered and picked up the call. 
Linda’s gentle and caring voice came through before he could say a word. “Garry, have you eaten?” 
“I’m eating now.”
Linda was surprised. “What a coincidence. How’s work today?” 
He gave Elisa a cold look and was about to reply when Elisa spoke up with a smile. “Mr. Wickam, you shouldn’t be using your phone during mealtimes, let alone making a phone call. How can my dear cousin forget her principles?” 
Linda was stunned. 
Elisa! It’s Elisa! 
She knew she wasn’t wrong. There was a taunting laugh yesterday. It must have been Elisa’s laugh! She must be having dinner with Gareth. 
She immediately forgot the explanation with Gareth earlier and couldn’t help but ask. “Elisa? Are you there too?” 
“Yeah, I have to work with Mr. Wickam every single day. It’s exhausting.” 
She was implying that they were joined at the hip the entire time. 
Wench! This wench! 
Linda was at a loss for words. 
Gareth narrowed his eyes. He wasn’t angry at Elisa but was curious about her schemes. 
He looked at her icily and scoffed. “You, who do you think you are?” 
Those words were directed at Elisa. 
Linda felt like she was redeemed. She was about to defend Elisa when Elisa laughed. “That wasn’t what you said when you forcibly spread my legs yesterday, Mr. Wickam.”
He did that to treat her injury. 
Gareth’s expression became frostier. 
Linda widened her eyes. Her breath quickened. 
She gripped the phone tighter as her voice became shrill. “Elisa, what are you saying?” 
Elisa chuckled. “I think you understand what I’m saying, Linda. But Mr. Wickam doesn’t like talking during mealtimes. Shouldn’t you, as a girlfriend, be more mindful?” 
“Elisa, you…” 
Linda couldn’t hold her temper back any longer. “Garry, is it true?” 
He kept silent. 
Elisa watched him curiously. He didn’t look like he was furious, not even the tiniest bit. 
Shouldn’t he be outraged by my taunts? Or is this just the calm before the storm? 
She broke out in a smile. It didn’t matter to her. She wasn’t just trying to vent her anger when she interrupted them. It was all part of her ploy.
###chapter375
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 375
Chapter 375 Do You Think I’ll Remarry You in This Way? 
“Garry?” 
The situation was driving Linda up the wall. 
She couldn’t understand. 
Gareth doesn’t like Elisa. He thinks that she’s pretentious. But why are they still entangled with each other? They even… on a bed! 
She seemed to be crying as Gareth heard soft sniffing noises on his end of the line. 
He furrowed his brows and looked at Elisa grimly. “Elisa, enough!” 
Is she finally revealing her true colors? 
Elisa smiled. “Enough? How is it enough? Look how sad Linda is. Why don’t you comfort her the way you were treating me yesterday?” 
After all, she was almost touched when the supercilious Mr. Wickam affectionately treated her injury. 
His harsh gaze fell on her face. 
Elisa couldn’t help but smirk. Gareth hated explaining himself. He wouldn’t have told Linda that all he did was treat her injury on the sofa. 
But Linda, who didn’t know the truth, was hyperventilating. 
Rage burned in her eyes.
She held back her anger and whined in a sad voice. “Garry, I won’t stand in your way if you like Elisa. You don’t need to feel guilty because I saved you. I… I think that…” 
“What will you do then?” Amused, Elisa cut in. “You can just give me Mr. Wickam if you’re willing to. But you’ll have to keep your word. Don’t just pay lip service to the idea and yet end up in the hospital. Mr. Wickam will have to be there to take care of you out of guilt.” 
Gareth’s expression froze as Elisa’s words seemed to remind him of something. 
Linda was seething. 
She never expected Elisa to say such things with Gareth around. 
“Elisa! How could you say that to me?!” She said disbelievingly. 
Elisa laughed lightly, unruffled by the situation. “What else should I say then? Everything was fine until you woke up. We divorced because of you. Don’t you think it’s strange?” 
“Garry, that’s not true. Elisa misunderstood me. You won’t do the same, right? I, I never imagined I would wake up too. I’m sorry, Garry. I shouldn’t have woken up…” 
He frowned. “Linda, it’s not what you think. I’ll meet you when I get back.” 
Elisa couldn’t hold back her laugh. Gareth ended the call before she could say another word. 
She raised an eyebrow. “Are you worried that she’ll be upset by my words? How caring.” 
He raised his head and gave her a frigid smile. “Do you think I’ll remarry you in this way?” 
A laugh escaped from her mouth. “Don’t, Mr. Wickam. I never had any intention of remarrying you. But I’ll give you a word of advice. Linda is not as simple as you think. The great Mr. Wickam is being played
by a woman again and again. You really should take some time and investigate the reason behind her hospitalizations.” 
Gareth only stared at her icily. “Don’t think of stirring things up with just some words. You don’t mean anything to me, Elisa.” 
He put down his cutleries and left for the master bedroom. 
Elisa quirked an eyebrow as she continued her meal, unaffected by his actions. 
The food was delectable. Driving Linda up the wall was a delightful appetizer to the meal. 
On the other hand, Linda called Gareth’s number again. He didn’t answer the call. 
“Aargh!”
###chapter376
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 376
Chapter 376 Breaking the Ties of Father and Child 
“B*tch! You’re a b*tch!” 
Lina Benett was going crazy! 
Why would Gareth and Elisa meet up for a meal?! I can’t believe that b*tch is so indifferent toward Gareth and dares to speak her mind to him! Doesn’t she fear that he would hate her? Or does she not mind losing a little to get back at him?! 
Because of what Elisa had done, she couldn’t trick Gareth with using the same tricks of being admitted to the hospital. If she did, he would definitely start to harbor suspicions toward her. And, from what she saw just now when Elisa spoke, she felt that Gareth would not take any actions against her. 
How could this be! 
“Elisa Benett!!” Linda let out a furious roar. 
This b*tch! 
Linda huffed in anger. Her face was pale as she gripped her phone tightly. 
No! I can’t let Elisa continue doing what she is doing! 
… 
Elisa was done with her meal and was going back to her room to shower when her phone rang. She picked it up. 
“Iris, the situation is a bit tricky. We weren’t able to get any deep intel.” Charli’s serious voice rang out from the other end of the call.
Elisa’s irises quivered slightly, but she answered resolutely, “That’s okay. She has always been meticulous with her work.” 
“Give me some more time; I’ll continue to investigate the matter. Let’s see if we can bring them into the story. But this matter might…” Charli said with a frown. 
“Yeah, don’t worry. She’ll still move against me.” 
“You… I can’t believe this woman is taking me for a ride!” Charli said as her face grew darker. 
Elisa let out a chuckle, “No, you shouldn’t blame her this time. It was my fault.” 
“What Did you aggravate her?!” Charli suddenly exclaimed. 
“Yeah.” The corner of Elisa’s lips curved up in a slight smile. Charli knew her very well. At times, even without explicitly explaining her thoughts, Charli would know what she wanted in an instant. 
But Charli still said worriedly, “Liz, you’re walking a fine line. Things might go slowly if we go ahead with our previous plan, and it would surely benefit us. But, your plan now…” She paused for a moment and then continued exasperatedly, “You’re being too hasty. We aren’t at that level yet.” 
“Charli, just trust me.” Elisa said with a slight smirk. 
Charli chewed on her bottom lip and then finally let out a sigh, “Call me if you need anything. Whatever the case, I’m on your side. Don’t try to shoulder the whole thing yourself.” 
“Yeah, don’t worry. I could never forget about you. But, right now, just helping me to investigate the matter is more than enough. It’s important to keep evidence.” Elisa said with a laugh. 
Charli was infuriated that Elisa was still able to laugh in such a situation. She wanted to give her another piece of her mind, but held it back and just replied, “Alright.”
“Thanks, Charli.” 
“You… should stop looking for trouble. You need to protect yourself!” 
“I understand.” Elisa was touched by Charli’s care. 
Meanwhile, somewhere else, Thomas was giving Gareth a call. Gareth picked up. 
“Mr. Wickam, I’ve gotten some leads, but they’re all dead.” 
Gareth frowned at that. 
Thomas continued quickly, “The person who pushed Ms. Elisa was a worker at that place. His family lives in Bayswe.” 
Gareth stayed quiet. 
“His father was a worker at Benett Corporation but was fired. The father and son were never close. After putting it through court, they officially denounced themselves as father and son.”
###chapter377
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 377
Chapter 377 Sleeping Beauty Elisa 
“And?” 
Thomas paused for a second and then said quietly, “I’m not too sure about the details, and I can’t say for sure that this has something to do with Ms. Elisa.” 
There was no change on Gareth’s cool face. 
“I got it.” He said and then hung up. 
There was once again silence in the house. Gareth held onto the phone. It seemed like there was a flickering light in his otherwise cold eyes. 
… 
During the following two days, Elisa went to work as usual. She was basically meeting Gareth every day and having every meal with him. They had no other interactions outside of work, and the seven days passed in this way. 
It was their last night here, and they would go home tomorrow. Elisa was curious as to why they couldn’t leave tonight, but Gareth did not say anything, so she chose to stay quiet too. 
The next day, they left together. 
As usual, Elisa and Gareth sat in first class while Thomas sat behind them. Elisa couldn’t be bothered talking to this man, so she placed her eye mask on and went to sleep. Throughout, she treated the man like air.
Gareth’s expression became sadder, but he still had work to do. He would glance over at the sleeping beauty beside him time to time again while going through his papers, and his face would gradually darken. 
Elisa had been busy the night before and hadn’t gotten much sleep. She also had motion sickness, and so had fallen into a deep slumber. 
In the midst of his work, Gareth suddenly felt a weight on his shoulder. He looked down to see the unconscious woman. There was a slight change in his usually cold eyes as he gently observed the sleeping woman. He bit his lip and then returned his eyes to the paperwork in front of him. But he had unconsciously tightened his body to not make any sudden movements and wake the woman up. 
Elisa did not feel any discomfort in her neck, so she fell into a deeper sleep. 
However, … 
There was a sudden incident! 
The captain’s voice suddenly rang out to the passengers. 
“There’s been an incident!” 
Elisa immediately awoke from her slumber, and there were no traces of sleep in her eyes! 
The passengers were panicking. 
Because! 
Because!! There was a sudden fighter jet! And it wasn’t someone from their country! They had weapons in their hands and were already shooting at their plane! However, the captain had not told the passengers the full story in fear that they would panic even more.
Thomas was telling Gareth everything, and Elisa was listening to every word. 
Gareth’s face became serious, and he turned to Thomas and said, “Go contact the captain.” 
“Got it.” Thomas immediately got up and walked toward the cockpit. 
Gareth turned to look at the person next to him and realized that she had taken off her eye mask. He was surprised to see that there was not even a trace of panic on her calm face. He was only slightly taken aback before he said monotonously, “Follow after me closely.” 
Without meaning to, Elisa jerked her head up to look at him. She realized that he was trying to protect her because he did not want to anger Grandma. She didn’t get too excited. She merely nodded at him. 
They didn’t know what the situation was outside. The passengers only knew that there was an incident. Some were even speculating that it had something to do with the pressure in the plane or environmental factors and whatnot. 
No one could even imagine that they were under attack! 
But in the next moment, they heard sounds of… 
Ping! Ping! Ping! Ping! 
It was obvious that it was bullets hitting the planes. The passengers started to realize that things were not right. 
And, in the next moment…!
###chapter378
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 378
Chapter 378 Deterrence 
Boom! 
It sounded like something had blasted! 
Gareth immediately grabbed Elisa’s hand and pulled her to the other side. Elisa’s eyes shook with fright, and she let him pull her along. They arrived at the cockpit soon after. The captain was in a frenzy, but he was trying to pacify the situation when he heard the commotion outside. However, no one was listening to him. 
After the pinging sounds, people had already started looking out the windows! 
“There’s someone! Someone’s attacking us!! They’re shooting at us!!” 
“AHHHH!!” Screams and shouts started arising from the passengers. 
Everyone was starting to freak out! 
Some of the flight attendants had started to sob and were crying, “What do we do… Why is this happening to us? Will we survive this?” 
“I’m so scared… Ahh!!!” One of the flight attendants’ cries were broadcasted to the whole plane, and it threw the passengers into even more turmoil! 
Outside, three green helicopters were surrounding their plane. Many of the people in the helicopters had guns and were aiming at them. 
The captain turned the microphone off and scolded the flight attendant, “Anyone can panic, but not us!” 
The flight attendants were shocked into solemnness.
They were afraid to say anything, but one said in a panic, “What do we do? Should we get the passengers to jump off…?” 
“No! We’re being surrounded, and they all have guns! What if we jump out? They would just shoot us dead!” The captain said angrily. 
“But they’re coming closer and closer! We’ll be sitting ducks if we don’t do anything…” There was clear fright on the flight attendant’s face. She didn’t know what else they could do. 
The captain also had a frightening expression, but he did not say anything. 
Outside, bullets continued to rain on the plane. The assault was getting stronger, and the people in the plane were getting more frightened. Nothing the captain said would placate these people anymore! 
If things continue like this, I fear the passengers will ask to jump out of the plane. But, it won’t… Elisa thought, but her thoughts were interrupted by some passengers that rushed forward. 
“Quick, give us the parachutes!! I want to jump out! If this goes on, we will be shot to death!” 
Everyone was in a tizzy, and the captain had no more authority. 
Gareth drew his eyebrows tightly together and then went to the microphone. There was a slight change on the captain’s face; this man did not look like an ordinary man to him. He did not panic, and he was even pacifying those around him. The captain did not stop him. 
Soon after, his voice was heard throughout the plane. 
“Be quiet.” 
Even with two words, people could feel the dominance and fierceness from the man’s deep voice. It drew the crowd into a trance, and they quietened down. Many of the passengers tried to find out where
the voice was coming from, but of course, it was not coming from Gareth but from the broadcasting system. 
Gareth’s indifferent voice once again rang out. 
“It’s sudden, but the captain has the authority to make sure of everyone’s safety, so please trust him. Also, this plane is bulletproof, so there will be no damage to the interior. Dear passengers, please return to your seats and try not to disturb order in the plane.” 
Although it was just a normal command, his magnetic voice was like an elf’s lure that hypnotized their prey. In that moment, although there was still panic around them, no one cried or shouted anymore.
###chapter379
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 379
Chapter 379 The Lives of Several Hundred 
Elisa felt like she was living in a dream. She unintentionally looked at Gareth. He was usually a cold and indifferent person, so didn’t like to interact with people. Yet, today, he had stepped up and gotten the crowd under control. At this moment, she suddenly had a thought that maybe Gareth Wickam was a warm-hearted guy. 
Gareth turned the microphone off. 
The captain looked at him with a face of gratitude, “I can’t thank you enough, kind sir!” 
After getting his emotions somewhat under control, he worriedly voiced out his concerns, “The plane can still fly, but… the situation has gotten out of hand. I don’t think my co-pilot can handle it anymore.” 
This was his fifteenth year flying planes, and even with that many years of experience, he had never experienced something like this. 
“Let me do it, I just need a navigator.” Gareth quickly offered. 
The captain and the flight attendants looked at him with surprise. There was obvious disbelief in their eyes. 
“Sir, you…” 
He can fly?! 
Thomas quickly told them, “My master has a flying license. I’m sure he can fly better than most pilots out there.” 
“This…”
The disbelief in the crowd’s eyes increased. Even Elisa looked at him with surprise. There was amazement in her eyes. 
I can’t believe Gareth has this license. It seems I don’t know him well enough. But that should be normal though. He never gave me the chance to get to know him better. 
“This… sure we can get you a navigator. There are navigators on the plane too. But, in this circumstance…” 
Everything was all over the place. One wrong command from the navigator and the whole plane might be directed to danger. It could lead them all to their deaths. No one wanted to bear the responsibility of doing something like that. 
“I’ll do it.” Elisa offered. Everyone turned to look at her with astonishment. They were more surprised by her offer than when Gareth offered to fly the plane. 
But… Thomas was still the only one on the ball. He looked to Gareth and said, “She can do it, sir.” 
It was a recognition from Thomas, and although Gareth was still slightly skeptical, he trusted Thomas. He turned to the captain and said, “Go instruct the crew, I will fly the plane.” 
The color on the captain’s face changed. 
This… 
“Are… are you Mr. Wickam? And you, you’re… you’re Ms. Elisa!” 
Someone had obviously recognized them, and there was amazement in their eyes! 
When the captain recognized the two, his skepticism came to an end. Instead, he became happier. He asked, “Are you… are you really Mr. Wickam?”
Thomas nodded and said, “That’s right, he is Mr. Wickam.” 
“That’s great!” 
Although Mr. Wickam is a businessman and has nothing to do with flying planes, he is a serious person. He would never offer to do something he didn’t know how to. As for Ms. Elisa, that woman is a mysterious character! 
Everyone was curious yet trusted the pair. 
“This way!” The captain quickly ushered them to the control panels while everyone else gazed at their backs in wonder. 
During all this, the co-pilot had been focusing on flying the plane. His shirt was drenched with sweat because he knew he was in charge of the lives of several hundred…
###chapter380
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 380
Chapter 380 Apparently He’s a Pilot 
If he screwed up, he would be charged with a great crime. It was he who would have thrown the lives of hundreds of passengers… It wouldn’t be a pity for him to die, but he couldn’t bring all these people to the grave with him… 
The arrival of the captain surprised him. 
“Woody, good job. We’re going to let Mr. Wickam and Ms. Elisa take over. Change seats with Mr. Wickam. Get up when you have composed yourself.” The captain said to the co-pilot hurriedly. 
“Is… is that okay?” Woody asked with doubt in his eyes. 
Even though there was someone to take over for him, he wasn’t relieved. 
The captain nodded his head solemnly, “It’s okay. Quickly now.” 
Woody conceded and left his seat to Gareth. Even as he ushered Gareth in, he still felt uneasy. He knew who the two were. There was surprise and excitement in his heart. 
Who knew… that Gareth Wickam could fly a plane!! 
Once Gareth was securely fastened in the seat and had the controls in his hands, Elisa started to navigate him. The captain and Woody were only able to let out a sigh of relief when they heard her speak. 
These two… They obviously aren’t people in this field, but how are they doing this better than them? 
The plane that had been shaking up to moments ago had finally stabilized. Thomas got into the captain’s seat and was communicating with the passengers to calm them. Even though they were still
scared, as there were still sounds of bullets hitting the plane, they were able to calm down because of Thomas’ voice, and also because the plane had stabilized. 
According to their route, they would arrive at the airport in Bayswe in approximately half an hour. They were still under attack, but under Elisa’s navigation and Gareth’s steady flying they were able to double the speed of the plane yet remained equilibrium. They finally threw off the attacking helicopters. 
“Oh my gosh! They shook them off! Are you seeing this? They’re still behind us, but they’re getting further and further away!!” 
“Oh my goodness! God, please be with us!!” 
The passengers were ecstatic; they felt like they had just escaped from death’s door. 
At this moment, the captain walked forward and turned on the microphone, “Dear passenger, if it wasn’t for our three heroes, we wouldn’t have been this lucky today. Let us all remember that it is thanks to these three heroes that we are alive today!” 
He did not mention the names of the heroes, as he and Thomas had agreed that it would be for the better. But even if the names were a secret, it was a show of respect to them to let those passengers know that someone had saved them. 
The passengers wanted to know who the three were, but the captain kept a tight lip. 
Meanwhile, Elisa was still navigating Gareth. 
“Weather’s good. Horizontal and vertical visibility are up to standard. Go for landing.” 
Gareth immediately brought the plane into descending position when he heard that.
“Ladies and gentlemen, the plane will soon be landing. Please return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts. Please stow the tray tables away and put your chairs in the upright position. All electronic devices must now be shut off. Ensure that all luggage is stowed under the seat in front of you or above you in the luggage compartment. We will soon be dimming the lights in preparation for landing. Thank you.” 
After the announcements, the plane did a nosedive and then everything was back to normal. 
Elisa unwittingly turned to the person beside her.
###chapter381
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 381
Chapter 381 Making Him Regret His Actions 
All Elisa could see from where she was, was Gareth’s side profile. He still had his cool face on, but yet today, he had given so many people a sense of security and peace. If it wasn’t for him today, everyone on this plane would have lost their lives. They did not know what the actual situation was and why they were suddenly attacked by three green helicopters, but they had reported it to the government. Rather, this person in front of her was not fazed by the danger and had saved a whole plane of people, and then returned to his seat indifferently. She had never known him to be this warm-hearted. 
If he wanted to save his own life, he didn’t need to be so kind to everyone else. He did this to save everyone. 
There was no more need for Elisa to navigate him. She slowly got up but was in no rush to leave. She knew that there would be some passengers waiting to see who it was that saved them. She waited until all the passengers had disembarked before turning to Gareth and saying, “Since we’re back, I’m going to leave first.” 
Gareth slowly looked up, and then at her. The look is his eyes deepened. 
Elisa did not know what was going through his mind, so she just turned around and walked out. 
Suddenly, someone pulled at her arm. 
She looked at him with confusion, “What are you doing?” She shook his hand off her arm. 
Gareth looked at her icily, “How many more things are you hiding from me?” 
Her navigating just then had been very professional and precise. He hadn’t had time to ask Thomas as they had been busy, but everything she said had been correct. It could only have been done by
someone that had received training in this field. Just then, in that situation, not only did she have the professionalism, but she was also steadfast. She excelled in everything she did. 
If it had been Linda here, would she have just hidden behind me in fright? 
Elisa looked at Gareth and after a long moment, smiled, “It wasn’t that I was hiding it from you on purpose. I’ve told you about this more than once, but you never paid any heed. Have you ever given me an opportunity to get close to you and tell you things about me?” 
Gareth was speechless. Elisa left immediately after speaking. 
Although this experience had shed a new light on him, it did not mean that she had forgotten his past. 
Thomas walked over after Elisa left. When he saw Gareth’s dark face, a tiny flash of glee streaked across his eyes. 
“Mr. Wickam, we can go now.” 
“What’s up with Elisa Benett?” 
Thomas looked at Gareth and thought that the whole situation was… ironic. He was loyal to Gareth, but he did not approve of what his boss was doing to Elisa Benett. Now, he was finally coming to realize that Elisa was different from the rest and was starting to regret. But Gareth was not self-aware of this fact. Thomas felt as though the realization was like a slap to his face, and he felt… elated to see that. He didn’t know why he felt that way whenever Mr. Wickam realized one more of Elisa’s skills and was confused with it. This was his source of income, but why did he want him to feel regret? 
Cough…
Thomas recollected himself and looked at Gareth, who was deep in thought. There was a complicated and unexplainable expression on his face. Thomas said to him with respect, “Me. Elisa did a unit on it in college. It was all in the background check you got us to do. But you weren’t interested, so I did not say anything.” 
Gareth was speechless.
###chapter382
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 382
Chapter 382 Became the Laughing Stock 
Back then, Thomas had wanted to report everything back to Gareth, but Gareth had said something that Thomas could still remember very clearly. 
He had said, “There’s no need to tell me that.” 
So, Thomas had said nothing more. 
He pretended that he didn’t realize Gareth’s expression was darkening and said, “Shall we go, Mr. Wickam?” 
Gareth said nothing, stood up, and left. Thomas followed behind hurriedly. 
… 
Elisa arrived home, and after tidying up, she gave Will a call. 
Will’s lips tilted in a smile as he quickly picked up the call, “What’s up, my princess?” 
Elisa slightly furrowed her brows, but she sounded unbothered, “I’m back. I’m going to the company to apply for the request you made. But, please give me some time. I still have two projects to finish. Once I’m done with those, I’ll focus entirely on yours, it that alright?” 
“When did you get back?” Will sounded more serious. 
Elisa was slightly taken aback and answered him after a moment, “Why?” 
“There was an incident on the flight. Was it you guys that kept it afloat?” Will said with a slight frown. 
Elisa’s eyes twinkled. Of course, he would catch wind of the news fast. After all, he is a boss.
Elisa giggled and said, “Yup. I’m going to head to the office now, Mr. Darcey. Wish me luck.” She didn’t want to say more. 
Will also did not ask for details. Instead, he asked, “Are you hurt?” 
“No.” Elisa said and then continued after a slight pause, “I’m going to go now.” 
“Do you have time for dinner tonight?” 
“Mr. Darcey, you’re giving me no choice here. It hasn’t even been long since I finished with Mr. Whitford’s case, and you want to create rumors with me already?” 
“It’s bound to happen someday. You’ve got to get used to it. I will let everyone know that I am serious toward you.” Will said with an indulging smile. 
Elisa pursed her lips and was unmoved. 
“I’m hanging up.” 
“Okay.” 
After hanging up the call, she hurried to the office. It would be more beneficial to the company and would make more sense if the first thing she did was to deal with Will Darcey’s case, but she couldn’t do that now. The issue between Gareth Wickam and Will Darcey and the collaboration with Philip Whitford were all separate, and she had different relationships with them, but to some people, including the higher-level executives, they might think that she was using those people as a stepping tool in this field. So, she must get the two who are not cooperating well to sign the project first, and then people would see that she hadn’t gotten to where she was with luck and a pretty face; she had potential. 
…
Elisa arrived at the company not long after. People were looking at her peculiarly. Everyone was aware of the fact that Elisa had gone on a business trip with Gareth. Although Linda had tried to hide this fact from the public, it didn’t stay hidden long. Especially after that broadcast, who wouldn’t be able to piece the fact that they were together? 
Everyone was shocked yet envious of the intimacy between them that day! Linda had completely become the laughing stock. The topic on Twitter was going off the rails. 
They’re divorced, yet they can still be so free with their actions. People were envious of their behavior toward each other. 
Kira Fowler did not think too deep into it. When she saw Elise, she called out to her. “Liz, I didn’t want to interrupt you during those days. Then… Did something happen? How did things turn for the worse?” 
Hearing that, everyone turned to look at them immediately.
###chapter383
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 383
Chapter 383 The Sworn Enemy’s Ex-Wife 
After the incident, a lot of people had thought that Elisa was being deliberate and wanted Gareth to publicly save her. Some even said that their relationship was close even before the banquet. Elisa had kept her arm hooked into his. Could it be any more obvious? 
What if…What if Mr. Wickam didn’t want to save her? 
Then wouldn’t her plan be revealed immediately? 
Everyone’s eyes were on Elisa. They wanted to be the first to hear the news. 
Elisa giggled and said softly, “I’m alright. No need to worry over me. Aren’t I standing perfectly fine in front of you?” 
She had a good feeling about Kira. Kira seemed like an innocent and kind individual. She enjoyed working with her, and Kira was always looking after her. She liked this about her very much. 
Kira breathed a sigh of relief, “I’m glad.” 
Kira looked at Elisa with a hint of shock but also delight, “Okay then, I’ll take you to Ms. Kent.” 
Elisa nodded her head and then drew closer to Kira. She whispered quietly so that only Kira could hear her, “Kira, Mr. Darcey has agreed to work with us, but he has a request. He wants us to be completely in charge of this project, but once it goes through, I’ll have to leave for about four months, and that might impact my work here.” 
“Ah! He finally agreed!” Kira’s voice was full of astonishment and had gotten louder. The people around them turned to them again.
Elisa’s irises quivered, and she nodded. Kira sucked in a deep breath. Everyone around them was curious about what Kira had said. 
Kira quickly got serious again and said to Elisa, “This isn’t a small matter. We need to talk to our department’s manager. She’ll have to take you to do the reports and let the higher-ups decide. You’ll need to go up step-by-step.” 
“So, after Ms. Kent, it’s my cousin, Linda?” 
Kira nodded, “That’s right. Ms. Linda is in charge of our department. We need to report to her, and we go to Ms. Kent to find out about the job progress. But due to your relationship with Ms. Linda, you can just go look for her.” 
Elisa’s eyes darted before she said indifferently, “That’s okay. I’m not going to use her to jump the queue. We’ll do it step-by-step.” 
“Thanks, Kira.” Elisa looked at Kira with eyes full of gratitude. 
“For what? It’s part of my job. Let’s go.” 
Elisa did not say anything else, and the two of them walked away under the eyes of the crowd. 
The people in the department started talking among themselves. 
“Hey, did you hear what Ms. Fowler said? What did Elisa and our team leader say?” 
“Ms. Fowler said that he agreed. But who is ‘he'”? 
“They’re going to look for Ms. Kent. It must be something about work. Could it be that Elisa has signed another collaboration?”
Someone thought of something when they heard that and inhaled sharply, “Could it be that Mr. Darcey has agreed?!” 
“Mr. Darcey?!” 
The expressions on everyone’s faces changed. They were too curious as to what kind of job Elisa had and asked Kira beforehand. 
“What the! Mr. Darcey is a man who would need to invest billions! That would need at least millions. Has he gone crazy for a pretty lady? One that’s been divorced, and his sworn enemy’s ex-wife, at that!”
###chapter384
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 384
Chapter 384 They Have a Condition 
“What is up with Mr. Darcey this time…” 
“No, although Mr. Darcey is fickle, it’s because of this that he won’t be charmed by women. He may think that Elisa is special and is willing to waste more time and effort on her, but this doesn’t mean that he would really have brain fog and agree to such a huge investment! It’s hundreds of billions. What kind of idea is it?” 
“That’s right. I don’t think Mr. Darcey is impulsive. Furthermore, there are many people who have shares in the company. With such an important matter, although Mr. Darcey has the authority to make decisions, he has to seek the approval of many to determine if the proposal is really good.” 
“But I saw the proposal previously, and it’s not that good. I don’t think it’s very possible.” 
“Elisa amended the proposal.” 
“She has such ability?” 
“Let me tell you something, but you can’t tell anyone.” 
Someone spoke up in a secretive manner. It piqued the curiosity of many, and everyone looked at the young man who was speaking. Someone couldn’t hold back and said, “Go on. We won’t say anything.” 
The young man glanced outside and said softly, “For Elisa and Mr. Wickam’s partnership proposal, Elisa amended it, and Mr. Wickam was happy with it. Although it was for Ms. Benett’s sake, Mr. Wickam also liked the proposal.” 
“Hmm? You know about such a thing? How do you know about it?”
“I won’t tell you how I know about it, but what I’ve said is true.” 
At that moment, people in the office couldn’t hold back and started to discuss. 
While they were talking about it, Elisa and Kira arrived at Julie’s office. 
Kira glanced at Elisa and gave her an encouraging smile before knocking on the door. 
“Come in.” 
Ms. Kent’s voice was cold and indifferent as usual. 
Kira opened the door, and Elisa followed from behind as they went into Julie’s office together. 
Julie looked at both of them. “Is something wrong?” 
Kira glanced at Elisa before reporting, “Ms. Kent, Liz has closed the deal with Darcey Group.” 
Julie looked at Elisa with astonishment, “It’s done?” 
It was an investment worth hundreds of billions. Anyone smart could think on their own and know that Will wasn’t a good-for-nothing who would do something like this blindly. In fact, he was extremely intelligent and wouldn’t invest so much just for a woman. 
Therefore, the proposal was good, and Elisa was actually capable. 
Elisa didn’t say anything. Kira nodded. “Yes. It’s done, but they have a condition.” 
“What is it?” 
Kira coughed lightly. “Elisa was the one who amended the proposal, and she basically redid it with the original as an outline. She refined the proposal for implementation, and everything made sense, so Mr.
Darcey liked it. Therefore… Mr. Darcey is requesting for Elisa to be fully in charge of it.” 
Julie glanced at Elisa with some surprise. “I need to look at the proposal now.” 
Elisa immediately passed the file in her hands to Julie. “Here it is.” 
Julie took it from her and looked at it immediately. The more she read, the more astonished she was. She was filled with incredulity, and she said, “I can’t make decisions on things like these. I need to take you to Ms. Benett to ask for her permission.” 
Elisa nodded. “Thank you, Ms. Kent.” 
Julie got up. She didn’t like formalities, so she said indifferently, “Let’s go now.”
###chapter385
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 385
Chapter 385 I Don’t Agree 
Kira silently wished Elisa luck. 
Elisa smiled and nodded before she followed Julie to Linda’s office. 
When Linda saw Elisa, she felt all the fighting cells in her body rise up. She even had half a mind to eat at Elisa’s heart. 
In that brief moment, Elisa could feel Linda’s animosity. 
But she could get out of her wheelchair because of their return. She had to think of ways to recover quickly. Would it be more convenient for her to approach Gareth like that? 
Linda smiled at the two and said in a gentle voice, “You’re here. How can I help you?” 
Julie handed Elisa’s proposal to Linda at once and said respectfully, “Ms. Benett, Ms. Elisa went to Darcey Group to discuss a partnership. They agreed but requested for Ms. Elisa to personally oversee it. She might have to leave for around four months. I don’t have the authority to decide on this, so I came to report it to you.” 
Linda was slightly astonished. “He agreed to an investment of hundreds of millions?” 
Is he crazy? Does he have too much money? 
No, definitely not. Could it be that this proposal…? 
She had looked at the proposal before, and it wasn’t attractive enough to convince Will. Did Elisa amend it? 
“Yes.”
While Julie was answering, Linda had already opened the proposal impatiently. 
When she saw that the proposal was extremely attractive and had a perfect plan for implementation, there was instantly deep envy in her eyes. 
Even Linda might not have been able to write such an excellent proposal. 
She had also seen the proposal for a partnership with Gareth. 
How did Elisa have such an ability! 
No! 
If it were made public that Elisa had such outstanding abilities, the higher management would definitely dig deeper since her identity was public. 
And she was Iris. The shares that she gave Linda’s father could be taken back. No! Linda definitely couldn’t let so many people see how dazzling Elisa was! 
The next moment, Linda closed the proposal and her brows furrowed tightly. 
“I don’t agree with this, Liz.” 
Julie’s eyes flashed slightly as she stood at one side without a word. 
Elisa looked at Linda in a composed manner. “Why?” 
Linda seemed to sigh in exasperation. “Liz, if Mr. Darcey agrees to the proposal, he can get his people or professional personnel from our company to oversee it. I won’t have any ions. I would even throw a celebration banquet for you! After all, it’s a partnership worth hundreds of millions. Who wouldn’t be happy that Benett Corporation could make so much money without any capital?”
Julie stood at one side without speaking, as if solemnly analyzing what Linda was saying. 
On the other hand, Elisa was waiting for her to continue. 
“You have to know that if they want you to be in charge and do everything, it’ll be great if it succeeds, but what if it doesn’t?” 
Elisa raised her brows, and Linda thought that she would speak. So she rushed to speak while pretending to be exasperated once again. “Even if Darcey Group bears the loss, you have to know that this would affect your reputation a lot. This would also affect all future partnerships between Darcey Group and Benett Corporation. If we make them lose so much money in one go, who will think highly of Benett Corporation? This could even affect the overall future development of Benett Corporation. It’s too risky.” 
Julie’s eyes flashed. She thought that what Linda said made sense. 
Linda looked at Elisa, and a sneer flashed across her eyes as she spoke again.
###chapter386
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 386
Chapter 386 Still a Novice 
“Liz, it’s not that I don’t trust you, it’s just that your strengths aren’t in this area. If you were really an experienced professional, I would definitely raise a hundred hands in approval. But you have to know how important this project is. Even if I turn down Darcey Group’s request, I can’t let you take charge of this project. You may leave.” 
Linda’s voice was firm yet exasperated. 
Julie thought that it was a shame, but Linda had decided. She couldn’t say anything and could only look at Elisa. 
“Ms. Elisa, let’s go.” 
Elisa glanced at Linda and smiled. “Can you make this decision for the whole company, Linda?” 
Julie’s expression dulled but she cleverly chose to keep quiet. 
Linda didn’t respond. She looked at Elisa as if waiting for Elisa to go on. 
But Elisa didn’t say anything else. She smiled. “It’s fine if you don’t agree, Linda. I’ll continue my discussions on other partnerships.” 
Linda’s eyes flashed a little. She felt like it wasn’t Elisa’s original intention, but she had to play her part well. She said in a seemingly gratified manner, “It’s great that you can accept it. You may leave.” 
Elisa didn’t say anything and left. 
When they left Linda’s office, Julie looked at Elisa. “Are you going to report it upward?” 
Elisa’s lips curved a little. “What do you think, Ms. Kent?”
Julie’s performance and abilities spoke for themselves. She wasn’t promoted by flattering and praising others. 
She was truly the company’s cream of the crop. 
Elisa genuinely admired such people from the bottom of her heart. 
Julie pursed her lips. This time, she actually had something that she wanted to say, but she didn’t know if she should. 
Elisa smiled. “I know what you’re thinking of, Ms. Kent, but no one can stop me. Since the common procedure isn’t working, I’ll use another way.” 
Julie looked at her at once, baffled. But at the next moment, she smiled and nodded. “You have the old chairman’s strength of character indeed, Ms. Elisa.” 
Elisa was slightly stunned. The next moment, she smiled and said, “I’ll continue my work.” 
Julie nodded. It was clear that she treated Elisa a lot better than before. “Alright.” 
The two parted ways at that. 
When Elisa returned to the office, her expression was at ease. Kira looked at Elisa curiously. “How did it go, Liz?” 
Everyone else in the office looked over curiously. There was a trace of a smile on Elisa’s face. She answered in a normal voice, “Linda turned it down. She said that it’s too risky.” 
Everyone clearly heard that Linda turned down Elisa’s request. 
They clearly thought that it was unimaginable.
An employee spoke up, baffled. “This deal is a sure bet and is hugely beneficial to our company. Mr. Darcey is willing to invest in such a huge deal. If it really succeeds, the reputation of our company may even rise to the next level in the future. Other people may also think that our company has good proposals and may even be willing to invest in our company, just like Mr. Darcey. Isn’t this good news? Why did she turn it down?” 
Elisa turned and looked over as she smiled. “Linda thinks that I don’t have experience. She’s afraid that I’m still a novice and can’t take charge of this project. It’s because Mr. Darcey said that I amended the proposal, so I have to take charge of it.” 
Everyone’s eyes flashed. They knew about Elisa amending the proposal. Mr. Darcey wasn’t a hot- headed person either. 
Didn’t Mr. Wickam appoint Elisa to be in charge, and wasn’t the project going well? How could she not be experienced? Moreover, Mr. Darcey had to personally check on it. 
If he had his eye on it, there definitely wouldn’t be any problems. After all, he was going to invest so much money, so…
###chapter387
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 387
Chapter 387 Hmm? What Happened? 
What didn’t Ms. Benett agree to it? 
It couldn’t be… 
Everyone started to make guesses. 
Elisa wasn’t rushing to do anything. She continued with her work instead. 
When it was almost time to get off work, Will called Elisa to ask her out for a meal, but she turned him down because Rachel was already waiting for her at home. 
Elisa went home straight after work. 
Rachel had the keys to her house. It seemed as though she had been waiting for a very long time. She looked at Elisa with some exasperation. “You’re too conscientious. You just returned. Don’t you need to rest for a day?” 
Elisa put down the bag in her hands and changed her shoes. 
“Linda is looking for an opportunity. How can I slack off?” 
Rachel’s brows wrinkled at once. “You don’t know when such a day will come. Did you make calculations?” 
Elisa shrugged in frustration. “I’m not sure. After all, I have to oversee another project soon for around four months. Maybe I can’t do much in that time.” 
Rachel looked at her in doubt. “What project?”
“A project that Will wants me to work on. He’s just like Gareth. He wants me to be fully in charge.” 
“Huh?” Rachel was amused. “The two of them must be having the same thoughts. Is Will doing this because you worked so closely with Gareth on one project? What if Will wants you to go to functions?” 
Elisa’s eyes froze. 
Functions. 
For the upcoming projects and partnerships, there definitely would be functions to attend. As the person in charge, she had to attend it with Gareth. If Grandma heard of it… 
The wrinkle in Elisa’s brows deepened. 
Rachel could clearly see what she was thinking of and pulled her arm. “Alright, don’t think too much of it for now. You’ll cross the bridge when you come to it. Furthermore, no matter how much you consider Old Madam Wickam’s feelings, you have to let her face reality. There’s no way you and Gareth can get back together. Look at how healthy she is. It won’t be a problem if she lives up to a hundred years old. Even if you don’t want a husband now, does it mean that you won’t ever want one? Even if you don’t, can you guarantee that Gareth won’t look for other women? Don’t forget that he has Linda. Moreover… even if the two of you don’t have significant others, are you still going to put on a show in front of her?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. “That’s the principle, but I have to slowly make progress. I was too aggressive the last time and didn’t take her feelings into account. I regret it a little.” 
“You’re not to blame. Even if Old Madam Wickam had any problems with it, Gareth is the only one to blame. If it wasn’t for him not caring about the family, how could he have forced you to such an extent? He committed a serious sin. It has nothing to do with you!”
Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything else. Rachel had already bought groceries, so the two of them went into the kitchen for a battle. 
Not long after, they whipped up delicious dishes. 
Rachel’s mouth was watering. She sat down at once, and Elisa passed her a set of utensils. “Eat up, greedy cat.” 
“Ah! It’s all thanks to your great skills!” 
Rachel took the utensils from Elisa and started to eat. Halfway through the meal, she looked at Elisa, who didn’t seem to have much of an appetite. “What are you thinking of?” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. She saw Rachel trying very hard to hide her gloomy feelings, so Elisa said in a soft voice, “How to deal with my cousin.” 
“Hmm? What happened?”
###chapter388
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 388
Chapter 388 You’re So Mean to Me! 
Elisa told Rachel everything that had happened that day. 
Rachel suddenly lit up. “Liz, you should have told me earlier. I don’t know about striking back in a formal and elegant manner, but do you want to hear what I think about making a move in a ruffian-like manner? I guarantee that Linda will be unable to fight back, and you’ll be famous!” 
Elisa’s eyes lit up. “Let me hear it.” 
It could be said that Rachel was an expert in this area. 
She didn’t have many good ideas, but she had many wicked ones. 
Rachel chuckled. “Make a huge fuss! Doesn’t Will want to work with you? Get him to talk to those from Benett Corporation. The most effective way is for him to strike. Can Benett Corporation let go of such an opportunity? This is a low-hanging fruit. You can just sit and wait to reap the benefits.” 
Elisa smiled. “This is a good idea, but I don’t want Gareth to do anything. I would end up owing him a favor.” 
Rachel propped her hand on her chin. “If that’s the case, I have other ways.” 
Elisa couldn’t help but smile. “Go on.” 
“First, you need to let everyone in the office know that Linda turned you down. Since she’s a manipulative wench, you need to be like that too. Everyone knows how to do it.” 
Elisa nodded. “Mm. I’ve done it.”
Rachel was pleased. “That’s great. Next, you need to wait for it to spread. You need to show that you’re feeling wronged, upset, and helpless. Then, the people in the company will feel that your cousin isn’t as cordial and generous as they think she is. It would be your turn to strike back after that. You need to look for people at different levels. You can’t look for double-crossing people. You need to look for those who are actually capable and are willing to listen to your opinions.” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. “I’ve thought of this. There are such people in the company, and there are more than one, but with Linda’s personality, she would definitely find a way to thwart me.” 
“That’s why you can’t do such things in the office.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little as if she had thought of something. Rachel said cheerfully, “Liz, there’s a Mr. Markee in your company. He’s my biological uncle.” 
“He’s the one that I’m looking for.” When Elisa said it, she furrowed her brows. “But with your family situation, looking for your uncle…” 
“My Uncle James is very good to me. He’s different from my dad. I’ll call him and see if he’s free tonight. If he is, we can go after dinner.” 
Elisa nodded. “Alright.” 
Rachel looked at Elisa, and there was clearly distress in her eyes. “Actually, I know that even without my help, you would be able to let my uncle know about this with your abilities. The way you strike back may even be ten times more elegant than mine. But… I hope that just like today, Liz, you don’t bear everything alone, alright? We’re friends.” 
Elisa smiled. “I understand.”
“You understand nothing. You don’t like to trouble us. You saw that I was in a bad mood today, so you brought up something else to distract me. Am I right?” 
Elisa was a little surprised. “Since when were you in a bad mood? You’re eating so much. How can you be in a bad mood?” 
Actually… 
Rachel was right. Elisa saw that Rachel was in a bad mood, so she brought it up. 
Otherwise, with Elisa’s own abilities, it would be easy for her to spread it around. 
Rachel pursed her lips at once and whimpered. “You’re so mean to me! You can’t tell that your close friend is in a bad mood!”
###chapter389
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 389
Chapter 389 Passed Away 
Elisa sighed. “What happened with your dad this time?” 
“Ah, it’s so annoying. He keeps wanting me to go back, and he doesn’t want me to resent him, so he keeps explaining to me. But he did such a poor job of it. My mom died because of him. I’ll hate him for the rest of my life!” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. She looked at Rachel’s dark face and said calmly, “You have to face certain things sooner or later. Furthermore, maybe many things are just a misunderstanding. Since you don’t believe him, why don’t you think of a way to investigate what happened back then?” 
Rachel gritted her teeth and said angrily, “Back then, my mom jumped off the building right in front of me. It was because he had a woman on the outside. Things like these are absolute truth. What is there to explain?” 
She raised her head and looked at Elisa. “He imprisoned me at home this time so that I would forgive him and follow what he wants me to do. A marriage of convenience. Why should I listen to him? From how I see it, he is no longer my dad! Doesn’t he have other children? He has a son and a daughter with his mistress. His other daughter can go for this marriage of convenience!” 
As soon as Rachel said it, it was like she came to her senses and said with some frustration, “Look at me. Not restraining my own temper again. I thought that I could keep it in check if I didn’t drink alcohol.” 
Elisa looked at her and said solemnly, “No matter what happens, you have to prioritize your own health because there are still many people who care about you.” 
Rachel smiled. “Mm. I will. I’m just here to vent.” 
Rachel looked at her half-eaten food and put down her utensils before calling James Markee.
The other party answered the call quickly. “Rach. Did you finally think of Uncle James?” 
“Haha. I’m always thinking of you, Uncle James. If you say such things, I’ll be unhappy.” Rachel changed the mood at once and spoke with ease. 
There was pleasant laughter at once from the other side. “Silly girl. I know you well. You must be looking for me because something is up. Tell me, what is it? I will help you to the best of my abilities.” 
Rachel smiled awkwardly and said while fawning, “Are you free tonight, Uncle James? I want to visit you with a friend.” 
“Yes. Come over.” 
“Okay. We’ll reach in around forty minutes.” 
“Alright. Take your time. I’ll be at home.” 
“Love you, Uncle James! I knew that my Uncle James is the best in the whole world!” Rachel said coyly. 
“Alright, I can’t take it anymore. I’m going to hang up and wait for you to come over.” 
“Okay, Uncle James.” 
Before hanging up, Rachel heard her Uncle James’ cries. “I need to prepare some snacks. My darling niece is coming over.” 
A warmth spread at once in Rachel’s eyes. She subconsciously breathed in and hung up. 
“Rach.” Elisa’s expression was a little complicated.
“Ah…” Rachel smiled. “Sometimes I wonder why I wasn’t Uncle James’ biological daughter. Otherwise, wouldn’t I have an extremely happy life?” 
Elisa looked at her with a serious expression. “This depends on how you think about it. Look at me. You’ll see that you’re better off than me. You have an uncle that loves you, but the only father who loves me has passed away.” 
Shame immediately streaked across Rachel’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Liz. I didn’t…” 
“I know. But sometimes, fate works this way. You have to think of a way to turn your sadness into joy, just like me. Ever since I broke away from Gareth, I feel a lot happier.”
###chapter390
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 390
Chapter 390 Free Praises 
Seeing a trace of a smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips, Rachel was suddenly worried about Elisa. She sighed in exasperation. “Never mind. Let’s not talk about this. Let’s head to Uncle James’. Bring along your proposal.” 
“Alright.” 
The two of them packed and left. They reached James’ house at the time that Rachel said they would. 
James had already prepared some snacks. When he saw that Elisa was with Rachel, James was astonished. “Liz?” 
Elisa immediately nodded respectfully. “Hello, Uncle James.” 
Actually… 
When her dad was chairman, she would go to the office to help her dad out, so she had come into contact with some of the higher levels. 
It wasn’t strange for them to know each other. 
Moreover, even if they didn’t know her, with Elisa’s current reputation, they would know of her. 
James let them in at once and said cheerfully, “Come in. Have a seat.” 
Rachel chuckled, “Did you miss me, Uncle James?” 
“You silly girl!” James scolded playfully.
When they were seated on the couch, James said, “Try it. All these fruits have just arrived today and taste good. The cake was made by our chef. It’s delicious.” 
Rachel wasn’t shy at all. She picked up a slice of cake as soon as she sat down and put it in her mouth. She immediately said with surprise, “Mm! It’s delectable!” 
James smiled and looked at Elisa. “Girl, you try it too.” 
He felt quite sorry for Elisa. This child has a hard life. If her dad had been around back then, she wouldn’t be in such situations. 
Rachel handed Elisa a slice of cake. “Try it!” 
Elisa smiled as she took it from Rachel. 
James looked at the two of them cheerfully. “Tell me, why are you looking for me today?” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. She didn’t keep him in suspense and took out a proposal from her bag before she passed it to James. “Uncle James, take a look at this.” 
James took it from her, puzzled. After reading part of it, there was clearly bewilderment in his eyes, and he was a lot more serious. Not long after, he read the whole proposal. 
Elisa and Rachel didn’t say anything. They didn’t want to disturb James. 
He lifted his head and looked at the two of them. With a serious expression, he said, “Let’s talk about it in my study room.” 
He got up first after he said it. Rachel’s eyes were shining, and her expression told Elisa that there was a show to be seen. She pulled Elisa’s hands and followed James.
When they reached the study room, Rachel shut the door, and James said, “Sit down.” 
He walked to the couch and sat down. He held the proposal in his hands and didn’t say anything about it. He looked at Elisa instead. 
“Liz, what are you trying to tell me by showing me this proposal?” 
The content of the proposal was about the partnership with the Darcey Group. Every point and direction of development were written clearly, but Will’s condition wasn’t in it, nor was anything else, so James didn’t know what Elisa meant to tell him. 
Elisa’s expression dulled a little, but she wasn’t in a rush to answer James. She asked him instead, “What do you think of the proposal, Uncle James?” 
‘It’s very good.” James praised it freely. 
Although James was a very kind and affable person, he had a very artful personality, especially about work affairs. It was rare for him to praise anything.
###chapter391
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 391
Chapter 391 You’re Smarter Than Your Dad 
Elisa nodded and said, “I’m not going to hide it, Uncle James. The initial request was for Darcey Group to provide capital before Benett Corporation agreed to work together. I didn’t change the core requests of the proposal or the direction of the technology development. I amended the implementation of the proposal according to the outline of the initial proposal and recreated it.” 
James was even more baffled. “You wrote this?” 
Elisa nodded. “I also amended the partnership project with Wickam Group previously.” 
James suddenly looked at Elisa in surprise. “Haha, this is great! If your dad could see such ability in you, he would be elated!” 
Elisa’s eyes darkened a little. 
What she regretted the most right now was that she didn’t spend much time with her father because of her love life. If she had noticed it earlier, her father wouldn’t have died. That was the most regretful and helpless moment in her life. 
James noticed it, and he explained at once, “Girl, the dead are gone. Don’t be too sad. As long as you are excellent enough, you can create a new world for yourself and take back what belongs to you. Then your dad can rest in peace.” 
Elisa’s body shuddered violently. She looked at James subconsciously. Her lips squirmed, but at that moment, she didn’t know what to say. 
“Uncle James…” Rachel looked at James in disbelief. She was slightly astonished that her uncle knew about Liz’s sorrows.
Since he said that, he must be on Liz’s side. She suddenly remembered that Uncle James was on Liz’s dad’s side. And he had ten percent of the company’s shares. It wasn’t a small amount. 
James sighed. “I know that you’re having a hard time now. Your Uncle Norman has completely changed. As an outsider, I can’t do anything about certain things. Girl, you have to pull yourself together before I can support you. Now that I see your proposal, I think it’s excellent.” 
Elisa’s eyes shook a little. 
Elisa understood Uncle James’ character well. 
She took a slight breath in. “Uncle James, I came looking for you because I want to ask for your help. Mr. Darcey has agreed to this proposal, but he has a condition.” 
James was particularly astonished, but he understood. He nodded. “Your proposal is outstanding indeed. It’s not what an ordinary person could produce, and Will definitely would not be willing to let go. So what is his condition?” 
“He wants me to personally oversee the project.” Elisa didn’t mince her words. She had no need to beat around the bush in front of James. 
Never suspect a man you use, and never use a man you suspect. 
Uncle James was alright. 
Astonishment flickered across James’ eyes. He looked at Elisa. “Do you have the confidence, girl?” 
Elisa nodded gravely. “When I designed the proposal, I set up measures in place. I’m confident.” 
Her voice was very calm. She didn’t emphasize anything on purpose to make her point. When Rachel looked at Elisa, she felt that Elisa was emanating a dazzling light. The natural confidence that
appeared in her was the best proof. 
James suddenly chuckled. He said in a gratified manner, “You’re really similar to your dad, but you’re a lot smarter than he was.” 
James had heard about Elisa’s recent efforts. 
Of course, even if he didn’t want to know about it, other people would tell him forcefully. 
The people around him, the media, and the Internet would tell him. 
He paused and looked at Elisa. “So, you want me to help you carry this out?”
###chapter392
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 392
Chapter 392 Are You Afraid? 
Elisa nodded. “I did follow the common procedure, but when it reached Linda, she was afraid that I would mess things up and the company’s reputation would take a dive because of me.” 
James suddenly snorted coldly. “Your Uncle Norman and his family are getting better.” 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything, but Rachel said angrily, “I think so too! Uncle James, do you know about what happened during Old Madam Wickam’s birthday celebration? Linda wanted to look better than Liz and thought that Liz had bought a jade bracelet for Old Madam Wickam. That was why Linda bought so many jade bracelets. She wanted to look better than Liz.” 
“I heard about it.” James nodded. He looked at Elisa and said softly, “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of this. I’ll hold a meeting at the office tomorrow. When the time comes, I’ll arrange for you and Linda to be there.” 
Rachel’s eyes lit up. “Uncle James, are you going to help Liz turn the tables?” 
“Of course.” There was a gentle smile in the corner of James’ lips. “Although Norman is a fast learner, at the end of the day, his scope of vision is only as such. The company can only hold on until now because of his initial insider information. If Norman continues to manage the company, it will only go toward failure. No matter what, I was around when the company was established. I don’t want my hard work and sacrifices to be destroyed by Norman in the end. This isn’t something I want to see.” 
As he was speaking, James’ expression slowly became frustrated and solemn. “Furthermore, Liz, you’re just like your dad. I really hope that you can take over the company.” 
Rachel looked ecstatic. “My god! Uncle James, if Liz really has your help, it will be much easier for her in the future!”
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. Finally, she nodded slowly. “This is my dad’s hard work. I won’t let an outsider step all over it.” 
“Good!” James was pleased. “You’re an excellent girl. You can create so many miracles at such a young age. Uncle James believes in you. But can you tell me more about this proposal?” 
James seemed to want to know more about it, but Elisa knew that he wanted to test her capability. After all, what they were going to do next was to overturn the company. It was a lavish gamble. He was afraid that after they succeeded, the speed of failure would be faster than it currently was. 
Elisa nodded at once. “Sure.” 
After that, Elisa explained comprehensively about the planning of the proposal, the efforts of implementation, how to carry out the marketing and operations, as well as the coverage by phases. She took almost an hour to speak, but James didn’t feel tired. In fact, he was more excited the more he heard. 
Rachel looked at Elisa in reverence. Her eyes were filled with admiration. My god. How does Elisa’s brain work? How does she have so many new ideas? 
When Elisa finished speaking, she said, “That’s all I can think of for the time being. There may be future amendments.” 
James was astonished. He nodded. “Mm. Do what you must when the time comes. Have you told Mr. Darcey any of this? If you have, he may think that it’s good enough even if it isn’t perfect.” 
Elisa smiled awkwardly. “Not yet.” 
“No wonder he would choose you to do it, girl. Prepare well. Go to the main conference room for the meeting tomorrow at ten. When the time comes, I will arrange for the two of you to stand against each
other. When the time comes, many people will beat you down to keep Norman and his family in power. Are you afraid?”
###chapter393
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 393
Chapter 393 Are You Really Prepared for It? 
Elisa smiled and shook her head. “No.” 
Actually, James could choose for Linda not to appear. Then, without anyone to confront Elisa, she would succeed. 
But it would be a one-sided battle, and everyone would talk about Elisa. 
In contrast, if the two of them confronted each other, everyone would treat it differently. If Elisa won, no one could point out anything wrong. 
“Alright. The younger generations will surpass us in time. Haha. Since you’re here, let’s chat for a while. Are the two of you tired? Why don’t you stay and put up a night here?” 
Rachel laughed out loud. “No, no. But it’s still early. If you’re up for it, Uncle James, we can chat for a while.” 
James nodded. He really didn’t want the two of them to leave because he had many questions. 
Seeing that Elisa didn’t oppose, he looked at her and asked, “Girl, what do you think about the company’s current development?” 
Elisa was a little puzzled. “What do I think?” 
“Feel free to speak your mind. I want to hear your personal opinion.” 
Personal opinion. 
James emphasized these two words.
James was the cream of the crop of the business world, and he was a very good judge of character. He could clearly see through the fact that what Elisa said wasn’t her personal opinion. 
He wanted to see if Elisa was capable. 
Elisa paused and finally spoke. “Actually, there were already problems when my dad was managing the company. The problems worsened when Uncle Norman took over.” 
James was shocked. “Go on.” 
It was like something in him was ignited. The passion and disappointment locked deep in his heart was suddenly awakened at that moment. 
The passion he had toward the company’s development. 
The disappointment he had toward the company’s current desolate state, but he had no way to save it from a crisis. 
Elisa sighed gently and talked about everything she had seen and noticed. 
James couldn’t help but nod his head in agreement at every point. 
Rachel, who was at the side, was watching with her eyes wide and mouth agape. 
She couldn’t understand what they were talking about at all, but she felt like they were amazing! 
When they finished talking about it, it was already late at night. 
James was late to catch on and suddenly looked at them slightly apologetically. “I’m sorry. I was excited and lost track of time. I didn’t realize that it was so late. Why don’t the two of you stay here for the night?”
Rachel laughed out loud. “It’s fine, Uncle James. We’ll head back. Talk to you next time.” 
Knowing that Elisa might not be used to the surroundings, James didn’t insist. He could only nod. “Let me get someone to send you back.” 
“It’s fine, Uncle James…” 
“No, it’s too late. It’s not safe for two girls like you.” 
James took out his cell phone and made a call. He looked at Elisa after he was done with his instructions. “I believe in you. You will definitely be able to create a new world for Benett Corporation. I’ll be waiting for you, Liz!” 
Elisa could hear the excitement in his voice. 
She also seemed to be anticipating that day. She nodded. “I will work hard, Uncle James. I’m feeling more motivated with your support.” 
“No, it’s not only my support. There are still many people who supported your dad back then. I will get in touch with them, and we can meet in private.” 
Elisa nodded gratefully. “Thank you, Uncle James.” 
“Why are you being so polite, girl!” 
After they finished speaking, the two girls left. 
Rachel was staying in Elisa’s house. She looked at Elisa and couldn’t help but say, “Babe, are you really prepared for it?”
###chapter394
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 394
Chapter 394 What the Heck! Taking Advantage of Me! 
Elisa smiled. “Mm. I am.” 
Rachel couldn’t help but let out a sigh. Seeming slightly exasperated, she said, “Ah, Liz. I think that compared to you, I’m like a child that hasn’t grown up. We’re the same age, but you’re like my elder sister.” 
Elisa couldn’t hold back her laughter. “Mm. Remember to call me sis from now on.” 
Rachel suddenly laughed in mock anger. “What the heck! Taking advantage of me!” 
Elisa couldn’t help but laugh. “Alright. Let’s rest. I’ll make breakfast for you tomorrow morning.” 
“Wow! Alright, I’ll go sleep now and get enough rest to enjoy the breakfast tomorrow!” 
Elisa smiled and didn’t say anything. 
The two of them went back to their rooms and washed up before going to sleep. 
The next day, the both of them ate breakfast before Rachel went to work, perfectly satisfied. 
Elisa went to the office as usual, and she was in a good mood. Kira was a little bewildered when she saw Elisa. She couldn’t help but say admiringly, “You have such a good attitude, Liz. I was worried that you would be feeling down because of what had happened…” 
Elisa smiled. “I won’t. Everything is great.” 
Kira smiled. “That’s good to hear. Let’s continue working.” 
Elisa nodded and didn’t say anything else.
It was nine-thirty. 
Just as Elisa was about to go to the conference room, someone came and knocked on the door. 
Everyone raised their heads and saw a woman dressed formally. They were exceptionally perplexed. 
Isn’t this Mr. Markee’s secretary? 
Why is she suddenly here? 
The secretary looked at Elisa, and there was a trace of a smile in the corner of her lips. “Ms. Elisa, there’s half an hour before the meeting starts. I’m here to remind you to come to the conference room on the top floor for a meeting in ten minutes time.” 
Elisa nodded gratefully. “Alright.” 
The secretary smiled and left. 
Everyone looked at Elisa, surprised. What is going on? 
Kira looked at Elisa with a face full of shock. “Liz, what… is going on?” 
In the office, only Kira had a pretty good relationship with Elisa. Elisa didn’t interact much with the rest. 
Elisa smiled. “Wait for me to return. If it’s successful, I’ll let you know about it. If it’s unsuccessful, I’ll let you know anyway.” 
When Elisa said it, Kira’s curiosity intensified, but in the next moment, she thought of something and looked at Elisa with surprise. “Liz…!”
Seeing that she had almost guessed it, Elisa gave her a look, signaling her not to say anything. Kira went silent at once. 
Other people were befuddled. What on earth is going on? 
But some smart ones could clearly guess what was going on. They didn’t say anything. 
Elisa straightened up her desk and left before the ten minutes were up, in the midst of everyone’s gaze. 
Once Elisa’s figure disappeared, everyone directed their gaze at Kira in unison. 
A charming girl batted her eyelids and asked Kira with a face full of curiosity. “Kira, did you figure something out? What meeting is Ms. Elisa going for?” 
Other people didn’t say anything. It was evident that they were waiting for Kira to answer. 
Kira pursed her lips and shook her head. “I don’t know if my guess is correct, but I can’t talk about it now. It’s still at a confidential stage.” 
As soon as she said it, everyone knew that they couldn’t get many answers, and their expressions dulled. 
Shortly after that, Elisa reached the top floor.
###chapter395
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 395
Chapter 395 It’s a Farce 
A few people came into the conference room one after another. 
“Liz?” 
Some of them were clearly puzzled. The meeting was sudden, and no one knew what was really going on. It was Mr. Markee who called the meeting together. 
James had considerable influence in the company. 
But why is Elisa here? 
Everyone fixed their eyes on her. 
Elisa smiled. “Hello, everyone.” 
Everyone nodded politely at her, but they were still bewildered. 
Elisa walked over and sat in a seat at the corner. 
It was the most unremarkable position. It could also be said that it was where the lowest-ranked person sat. 
Everyone looked at her with complicated expressions. 
After all, Elisa’s status… 
Ah, times were different, and a lot had changed. 
Soon, everyone walked in one after the other, and they sat in their usual seats.
And the so-called corner was actually in the direction of the door. Everyone could see Elisa once they came in. 
When Linda walked in with files of documents, the first thing she saw was Elisa’s figure. Her expression dulled. 
At the next moment, she had a bad premonition in the bottom of her heart. 
Elisa happened to lift her head, and her lips slowly curved at Linda. It was like a greeting between sisters, but it also seemed like… provocation. 
Linda breathed in and restrained the rage in the bottom of her heart. She looked at Elisa in astonishment. “Why are you here, Liz?” 
Everyone looked over. They sized up the subtle relationship between the cousins. 
Although Linda was a small leader in the company, in the eyes of the higher level, they didn’t care about the position. 
But. 
Most importantly, she was Norman’s daughter. The daughter of the company’s chairman. This was a different story altogether. 
As for Elisa, she was the daughter of the previous chairman, Gareth’s ex-wife, the subject of Will’s hot pursuit, and Iris, the great lawyer. Everyone had their eyes on her indeed. 
The two of them were equally matched. 
Elisa spoke with a serene expression. “Mr. Markee wanted me to come over.”
“Mr. Markee?!” Surprise flickered across Linda’s eyes, and the bad premonition in the bottom of her heart intensified. 
And she had already thought of what Elisa had said to her that day. 
—Elisa: ‘Can you make this decision on behalf of the whole company, Linda?’ 
So did she look for James? 
James had always supported Elisa’s father. He had an influential position in the company, and he always went against Linda’s father. 
So did he find a way to support Elisa today?! 
D*mn it! 
When she was notified to go to a meeting, she was a little perplexed, but she thought that maybe it was because she had a special position. 
But seeing Elisa now, all feelings of superiority vanished! 
This could be a trick that Elisa had planned. She might have no other way but to jump into the hole that Elisa plotted. 
Elisa smiled. “Yes, Linda. Many people are here. Do you want to look for a place to sit?” 
Linda was dumbfounded. 
Seeing Elisa’s seat, Linda was a little bothered. She could only sit next to Elisa. She couldn’t help but ask in a soft voice, “Does this meeting have anything to do with you?”
Elisa smiled. “What do you think, Linda?” 
Her voice sounded extremely casual. Of course, only their voices could be heard. 
Linda wrinkled her brows at once. “You…” 
The sliver of a smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips deepened. “You have to keep the smile on your face today, Linda. Otherwise, others will think that your usual gentle self is a farce.
###chapter396
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 396
Chapter 396 A Diligent Expression 
Linda jumped and immediately relaxed her tightly wrinkled brows. But she was so furious she gritted her teeth. 
How did she never notice that Elisa had such an infuriating side! 
Linda gritted her teeth and tried to calm herself down. 
She took a deep breath in and controlled her emotions. 
In a soft voice, she said to Elisa, “Do you think that you can go ahead like this, Liz? What I said last time was completely from my heart.” 
Elisa nodded. “I know that you’re doing it for the sake of the company, Linda. But there are pros and cons, as well as risks to everything, aren’t there?” 
Linda laughed in rage. “You… you really did all this because of that!” 
Linda smiled and didn’t say anything. 
Linda didn’t want to talk to Elisa anymore. She had to think of a solution immediately. 
Since James had looked for people, it meant that he was in support of the proposal. Linda wasn’t in a good position. 
Linda had already sent a message to her father at that moment to tell him in advance of the situation, hoping that he would deal with it soon. 
She assumed that her father would come to this meeting.
If James really wanted to help Elisa, then it wouldn’t just be about the project. He must have decided to prove that Elisa was capable in front of everyone today. 
This had become such a thorny problem. She never imagined that Elisa would do such a thing! 
She had really underestimated this tramp! 
Everyone was almost there. 
Just as Linda predicted, her own father arrived. 
When Norman saw Elisa, there was obvious astonishment in his eyes. He had the same reaction as Linda. 
But since he was astute and wary, he smiled gently at Elisa. “Why are you here, Liz?” 
Elisa smiled as she stood up. “Uncle Norman, it was Mr. Markee who wanted me to come here.” 
James’ secretary looked for Elisa in front of everyone to let them know that Elisa didn’t come here of her own accord. She was notified to attend instead. 
There was a different meaning to this, so Elisa did not need to hide or conceal it. 
After a trace of bewilderment flickered across Norman’s eyes, he quickly resumed his normal state. 
He smiled. The kindness in his eyes didn’t decrease at all. “I see.” 
When Elisa nodded, he didn’t say anything else. He walked over to the head of the table and sat down. 
Norman was the last to come in. He was feeling a little nervous when he suddenly heard that a meeting was being held.
This rule had been established by Elisa’s father. Shareholders had the right to hold meetings without the chairman’s approval. 
Although Norman hated it, he couldn’t reject this practice. Otherwise, it would be a letdown to those at the company. 
Every time this happened, Norman would silently curse Elisa’s father. 
If it weren’t for the fact that they shared the same ancestors, he would have cursed all eighteen generations of his ancestors. 
Norman gazed at James, and there was astonishment in his eyes. “What is the reason you called for this meeting, Mr. Markee?” 
Everyone’s gaze fell on James. 
Elisa lifted her eyes slightly. Uncle James of today was different from who she saw last night. 
He was affable last night, like a biological uncle. 
But today’s Uncle James was more serious, and there was an air to him at the workplace. Especially his eyes. It revealed a diligent expression.
###chapter397
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 397
Chapter 397 Did You Write This Proposal? 
He smiled and said, “This meeting is mainly about the partnership project between Benett Corporation and Darcey Group.” 
Linda’s fists beneath the table suddenly tightened. She swept her gaze at the unmoving Elisa and gritted her teeth. She knew that it was this wench who was playing the devil! 
She looked at Norman at once but realized that there was confusion in Norman’s eyes. 
Linda was speechless. 
D*mn it. He didn’t see the message that she sent out at all. 
Norman said with some bewilderment, “With Darcey Group?” 
Everyone else looked at James, puzzled. 
Someone asked, “Mr. Markee, do you intend to work with Darcey Group? Or is there already a project with Darcey Group?” 
A partnership project with Darcey Group definitely wasn’t a small project. There were many things that people didn’t know, but if something like that had happened, everyone should have known about it. 
Then… it should be the former? He intends to work with them? 
James said in a soft voice, “There isn’t a partnership yet. It’s just an intention. I will let everyone take a look at the proposal first. Please have a look.” 
Everyone present was a shareholder, so they received the same benefits.
They were confused. 
Norman glanced at Linda and Elisa. 
Elisa raised her head and looked at the big screen calmly. 
Linda immediately gave Norman a look, and his expression darkened. He knew that Elisa was playing the devil. 
He didn’t say anything but turned his eyes toward the big screen instead. 
James said with ease, “I will let Liz explain this project to everyone.” 
Norman’s eyes were frosty, but he couldn’t say anything at this time. Otherwise, it would appear as if he had other motives as an uncle and that he didn’t really care for Elisa. 
At that moment, not only could he not stop her. He also had to look at her with a face full of admiration. 
If not for the fact that he had to be serious at meetings and couldn’t be dishonest, he was afraid that he would vomit blood if he had to encourage and affirm Elisa. 
Amidst everyone’s anticipation, Elisa got up and slowly walked to one side of the screen. She explained all the detailed steps that she had elaborated to James. 
James was incredibly excited. When Elisa was explaining it to him, she wasn’t so detailed. She must have perfected it again last night. 
Why is this girl surprising him so much! 
As she was elaborating, an hour went by. 
Everyone was in a daze, and many of their eyes shone!
Linda was stupefied as she listened to Elisa. How could Elisa… be so capable. 
How could she explain the proposal so elegantly! 
Did Elisa do this on purpose! 
Did Elisa want Linda to reject it deliberately so that she could make such an elegant comeback in front of so many people?! 
Otherwise, why did Linda have to be there at the same time as Elisa?! 
Linda felt that every time she heard of and thought about Elisa, she would be so livid that she would be in physical pain. 
Norman was flabbergasted at that moment. He looked at Elisa in disbelief. “Liz, did you write this proposal?” 
Before Elisa could say anything, James said, “Let me show you the initial proposal.” 
Before everyone could regain their senses, James had already opened the initial proposal. 
“This proposal was written by someone. You can easily find out if you want to.” 
Everybody looked at the screen again but realized that there were only a few pages to it. It only outlined the overall requests and ideas. There was nothing of use there at all. 
So Elisa had basically written the whole proposal!
###chapter398
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 398
Chapter 398 With Him Around, I Have Nothing to Lose 
Seeing that everyone had more or less gotten the idea and that some even had perplexed expressions, James smiled and went back to Elisa’s proposal. 
He smiled gently at Elisa. “You can have a seat, Liz.” 
Elisa nodded obediently and went back to her seat. 
Linda’s body stiffened. She fixed her eyes on Elisa. If there weren’t so many people around, she would have angrily asked if Elisa had done it on purpose! 
“This proposal is the most perfect one that I’ve ever seen. The partnership is good to go. Has Darcey Group seen this proposal?” 
James smiled and nodded. “Yes. They want to work with us.” 
Seeing everyone wondering and understanding with bright eyes, James said slowly, “But Mr. Darcey has a condition.” 
Everyone looked at James. “What is it?” 
Linda’s brows furrowed in an instant. Very good, James! Very good! 
She would make James leave Benett Corporation sooner or later! 
But he was a senior figure in Benett Corporation. What should she do? 
Linda took a breath in to restrain herself. James spoke again, “The other party’s condition is for Liz to personally oversee this project.”
Everyone’s expression dulled. 
Someone spoke up. “I feel that we can accept it. Ms. Elisa can come up with such a perfect proposal. When she carries it out, she has a better possibility of developing it as compared to the person who accepts it. There would also be an opportunity for expansion, and this can bring the company sufficient benefits.” 
Other people didn’t say anything, as if they wanted to hear what other developments would be happening. 
James nodded. “That’s right. I think so too. I already felt like the proposal was breathtaking when Liz was telling me about it yesterday. I never imagined that Liz would explain in so much more detail than yesterday. She made this proposal even more stunning! Liz is definitely up to it. She’s just like her dad. They’re both very outstanding people.” 
This silently gave Elisa brownie points. Everyone could see for themselves how excellent the old chairman was. 
It seemed as though Norman’s expression darkened again and again offhandedly. 
But after a moment, he was attracted once again by Elisa’s proposal. Everything aside, he would agree to Elisa overseeing the project because it was a partnership where Darcey Group would be investing hundreds of millions. They would even be giving Benett Corporation thirty percent of the profits. This was an enormous earning! 
Gigantic! 
If it succeeded, it wouldn’t be a problem for the company to jump multiple ranks ahead. They could even reach new heights.
The gaze of one of the shareholders fell on Elisa. “Ms. Elisa, are you confident to face this?” 
Elisa nodded. With a calm and firm expression, she said, “Yes. Although I am fully in charge, Mr. Darcey has to personally check on many things. I can only truly implement it with his approval. Furthermore, he will have his people supervise me. For this proposal, I am confident in my creation. With him around, I have nothing to lose.” 
James smiled and looked at everyone who had different expressions before his gaze landed on Linda. 
Although there was a smile in his eyes, it wasn’t as gentle as how he looked at Elisa. In fact, it was an indifferent and distant smile. 
“I held this meeting today because I wanted to hear everyone’s opinion. Actually, Liz went through the common procedures of getting it approved, but it was turned down by Linda when it reached her. May I know the reason why you turned her down?” 
In an instant, everyone looked at Linda. Her expression stiffened as she subconsciously looked at Elisa.
###chapter399
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 399
Chapter 399 How Could She Go On? 
Seeing Elisa’s serene expression, she didn’t dare to express too much. She could only speak to everyone else awkwardly, “I’m very sorry. What Liz gave me at the time was only what was on the document. She didn’t elaborate, and I had no way of knowing the specifics.” 
Just as Linda was about to shift the blame to Elisa, James smiled. “Did Liz not tell you? Or did you not want to let her go on?” 
Everyone else sized up Linda with complicated expressions. 
Linda’s expression changed slightly. 
Disdain flickered across Elisa’s face. Was she a calculative wench? A manipulative b*tch? 
Who didn’t know how to do these things? 
It wasn’t easy to learn the good, but was it hard to learn the bad? 
Before Linda could word it her way, Elisa’s face was already filled with guilt. “You can’t blame Linda for this. I was inexperienced at the time and never thought to explain such things to her. You asked me to explain it in detail, Uncle Markee, which was why I came to my senses and elaborated.” 
Linda was stupefied. 
Wench! 
When did Elisa start to use such tricks! 
It seemed like Elisa was absolving her, but everyone present was intelligent!
Everyone knew that when Elisa said that she was inexperienced, it was as good as calling Linda inexperienced. 
Linda could have asked if Elisa didn’t say anything, but Linda didn’t. Linda even made the decision to overrule Elisa. Didn’t this prove that she was extremely biased! 
Seeing everyone look at her with doubtful glances, Linda was so furious she almost spit blood. She shook her head at once. “My thoughts at the time were the same as they are now. It’s not that I don’t trust Liz. If this wouldn’t affect the company, I would naturally raise both hands in agreement. It’s because Liz is my cousin, and I hope that she can find her own footing, but too much is involved in this.” 
Everyone looked at Linda and didn’t say anything. It was clear that they were waiting for her response. 
Linda took a breath in and restrained her emotions before she spoke. “If the project works out, everyone would be delighted and satisfied. But if it fails, I’m afraid that it would affect the company’s reputation. This is such a huge deal. Everyone would know that Mr. Darcey provided the funds and Liz didn’t take good control of it, causing a huge loss.” 
Seeing that everyone was listening to her, her emotions were much more stabilized. “Even though it isn’t our company’s capital, at the end of the day, Darcey Group would suffer a huge loss. This would only let everyone else know that Benett Corporation does a bad job of planning proposals. When the time comes, who else would work with Benett Corporation? Others would be afraid of failing when working with us. Then… the company’s reputation would be finished.” 
When she said this, Linda couldn’t help but sigh, seeming like an elder sister who was worried for her younger sister. She said in exasperation, “There’s also Liz’s reputation. How could she go on in the company in the future?”
Everyone didn’t have much change of expression when they heard what she said. 
A shareholder who was sitting next to James looked at Linda indifferently. “Even though what you’re saying makes sense, Ms. Benett, why didn’t you make public such a huge decision? Why did you decide to turn it down on your own?” 
Linda’s expression changed slightly. She opened her mouth to refute, but Jessie Green spoke up again, “You’re worried about your cousin, but the company’s benefit comes first for many things. If you don’t trust Liz and you think that everyone wouldn’t agree to let Liz take charge, you can make it public. We can think of a way together.” 
Linda was at a loss for words. 
She was livid. 
But Jessie was one step quicker than her. She asked in a suspicious voice, “Why did you choose to suppress this? If it weren’t for Mr. Markee, how would we know that Liz has such a good proposal and such a big profit?”
###chapter400
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 400
Chapter 400 Shouldn’t Be Punished Lightly 
“Because…” Linda suddenly spoke up, but she didn’t know how to continue. 
She gritted her teeth. 
Jessie was on the same side as James. The way she spoke was always sharp, and her questions were tricky. 
James would at least consider everyone’s feelings and treat everyone pleasantly, but Jessie always had a cold face and was straightforward. 
The conference room was suddenly silent. 
There was a subtle change on Norman’s face, but at this time, he couldn’t defend his daughter. Otherwise, it would seem like the father and daughter were picking on Elisa. 
The only thing he could do was not to make a sound. He was between a rock and a hard place. 
For the sake of his reputation, he couldn’t treat Elisa badly, and he couldn’t side with his own daughter. For the sake of profit, he had to agree to this proposal. At that moment, he was wavering and feeling a little confused. 
Elisa sneered silently. It was time for her to put on a show. Once again, she acted like a manipulative wench would and said guiltily, “Maybe Linda just wanted to protect my reputation at the time and didn’t think too much about it…” 
Linda was stupefied. 
She had no way to justify herself, and Elisa put her into a deadlock again.
She wasn’t fit to stay in the company if she wanted to protect her cousin’s reputation and ignore the company’s interest. 
Elisa had completely pulled one over her today! 
She took a breath in and immediately said, “It’s not like that. I thought about it from both sides. There’s a big risk for the benefit of the company and my cousin, so I decided to turn it down. If it fails, we can’t take on the rage of Darcey Group. Moreover, Liz has never had experience in such areas. I was worried that she…” 
“Like I said previously, you can report it if you think that she isn’t capable, and we can collectively think of a surefire countermeasure, but you suppressed it and didn’t report it. Ms. Benett, I don’t know what you were thinking.” Jessie went in for another kill. 
Linda was dumbfounded. 
Did Jessie have to block off her escape route? 
One of the shareholders, who was on Norman’s side, looked at Jessie. “Jessie, aren’t you splitting hairs a little? Do you know how old Ms. Benett is this year? It’s rare that she can think in such a comprehensive manner. She will definitely be our company’s elite in the future. Why do you have to make such cutting remarks? It’s like you have other intentions.” 
Jessie glanced coldly at Calvin Hall, who was speaking. With an indifferent expression, she said, “I’m just talking about the facts. The higher level of the company isn’t for you to gain experience. If you’re in a certain position, you have to live up to it. There can’t be a single mistake. It’s fine not to have experience or capability, but you need to know when to at least learn and ask for help.” 
Linda was flabbergasted.
Under such circumstances, she couldn’t defend herself at all. Otherwise, it would only add to her helplessness. 
That d*mn Elisa! 
If not for that wench, she wouldn’t be so humiliated today! 
“You can’t say that. Ms. Benett is different from others. She’s the chairman’s daughter, so she should slowly learn through experience. After all, she will be an important person in the company in the future.” 
Another shareholder smiled and said freely, “Since that’s the case, shouldn’t she make up for the lack of talent by hard work all the more? It’s because of her special identity that she shouldn’t be punished lightly.” 
“You…!” 
“That’s enough,” Norman suddenly said. 
The argument finally stopped. No matter how much Jessie and James looked down on Linda, they still had to respect Norman. 
At the next moment, Norman smiled and looked at Elisa. “Liz, you really gave Uncle Norman such a big surprise. This proposal is fantastic.” 
Linda suddenly lifted her eyes and looked at her own father.
###chapter401
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 401
Chapter 401 She Needs to Learn if She’s Incapable 
Her expression was calm, but worry flickered across her eyes. 
If this proposal succeeded, even a fool would know how much profit there would be! 
Her father might approve of Elisa doing such a thing for the sake of profit. 
When the time came, Elisa would have a great reputation. Would there be a place for Linda to stand? 
Wouldn’t this help Elisa develop senselessly? 
Elisa smiled and didn’t say anything. 
Norman looked at Linda again. “Linda, you didn’t do your job well enough this time. Write a letter of reflection and submit it to me.” 
Linda was feeling jittery, and she couldn’t help but take in a breath before saying, “I understand.” 
“Is a letter of reflection enough to get it over with?” Jessie followed up relentlessly. 
The cloudiness in Norman’s eyes intensified. 
People like Jessie and James, who were on Elisa’s father’s side, had always gone against him. He still couldn’t find a way to chase them out of Benett Corporation yet. 
“Of course not,” Norman said in a beaten manner. 
Wyllow Banks was like a smiling tiger. He said with ease, “With these things, it’s reasonable to separate work and personal affairs. We should cut Ms. Benett some slack for the sake of the chairman, but maybe many people already know about this. It doesn’t make sense if we work with Darcey Group
and Ms. Benett continues working as usual. This would make people feel like the chairman has favorites, so my suggestion for such a situation is suspension for observation.” 
“Suspension for observation?” Those on the opposing side wrinkled their brows and looked at him at once. Calvin immediately said in a displeased tone, “What do you mean by that!” 
Jessie sneered. She agreed with what her own people said. She looked at Calvin. “Shouldn’t this be done? She needs to learn if she’s incapable.” 
Linda was dumbstruck. 
Jessie! How dare she! 
Calvin was also at a loss for words. 
In such a case, Linda should indeed be suspended for observation. 
Linda was so enraged that she was trembling. Just as she was about to say something, Elisa acted in a manipulative manner à la Linda and said, “This is all my fault. I wasn’t considerate enough. I’m so sorry, everyone, I…” 
“You didn’t do anything wrong, Liz. This is what an employee of the company should be like.” Jessie interrupted her. Jessie’s voice and gaze were clearly a lot kinder than it previously was. 
Elisa pursed her lips, not knowing what to say. 
Linda felt that if the meeting didn’t end soon, her lungs would explode in anger. 
She had been losing badly in every round she met with Elisa. 
Her position in the Benett family, in Gareth’s heart, and in society!
And now! 
Elisa went after her in the company?! 
How did Elisa survive successfully every time? Why didn’t she just perish? 
Linda really regretted not getting rid of a wench like Elisa when Elisa’s father was dealt with back then! 
She took a breath in and immediately said, “It’s only natural. I was negligent this time. I’m willing to accept my punishment.” 
Norman held his breath as well. He was very vexed as a chairman. He didn’t have the authority and strength to carry out tasks like Elisa’s father did. Many people didn’t listen to him. 
Furthermore, in this situation, Linda was the one who had been careless. 
Norman spoke at once. “So it will be the letter of reflection on top of the suspension for observation. Let us continue talking about the proposal for now.” 
Everyone’s attention shifted to this, and they looked at him one after another. Norman spoke up again. “I don’t agree with Liz representing the company.”
###chapter402
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 402
Chapter 402 Why Is Elisa So Lucky! 
Elisa’s expression was at ease. 
She knew that even if the father and daughter compromised and Linda was given a penalty, they wouldn’t agree for her to be in charge of the project. 
This was normal. 
Norman said with a calm expression, “Just as Linda said, Liz doesn’t have much experience. If she messes up, Darcey Group definitely wouldn’t admit fault. The blame would be shifted to Benett Corporation, and this would greatly affect the reputation of Benett Corporation. That’s why we need to look for someone who has enough experience and is capable of working with Darcey Group.” 
Wyllow narrowed his eyes slightly. “But Mr. Darcey said that the condition for agreeing to the contract is for Elisa to oversee the project. If we change the person in charge, how could they agree?” 
Calvin immediately said decisively, “So we need to make this known. We need to screen the person and look for another person to negotiate and communicate with Mr. Darcey. At the same time, Ms. Elisa, you need to let Mr. Darcey know that you’re not up to it.” 
At that moment, Linda looked at Elisa, and her expression was complicated. “Liz, I hope that you can think of the big picture and let Mr. Darcey know.” 
Elisa’s gaze was exceptionally at ease, and she nodded agreeably. “I can go along with this. May I ask if you would like to look for people to discuss this with Mr. Darcey, or if I should make the call first? Forgive me for speaking out of turn, but Mr. Darcey has a very firm attitude. I can call him now in front of everyone and put him on speaker.” 
Everyone was slightly astonished. Could she call him at any time?
But when they thought about it, there was nothing strange about it. With the relationship the two of them had, making a call would be nothing. 
Jessie and James’ eyes met. Both of them chose to keep quiet. 
Linda wrinkled her brows slightly. She didn’t say anything, and no one knew what she was thinking. 
Norman also felt like there was something wrong. 
But he said in a soft voice, “You can let him know first. Let’s listen to what he has to say.” 
Elisa nodded agreeably. “Alright.” 
James and his people didn’t oppose. 
Norman still felt like something wasn’t right. 
But in such a situation, this was the only thing to be done. Measures could be carried out later. 
Elisa made a call to Will in front of everyone. 
The other party picked up very quickly. 
Everyone held their breath and paid rapt attention as if afraid they couldn’t hear what Will said. 
“Hello, my princess. What’s up?” 
Everyone was stupefied! 
He was so affectionate. As expected, young people these days are different indeed. 
Boundless envy instantly streaked across Linda’s eyes.
Why is Elisa so lucky? 
Her mom had abandoned her! 
Her dad was clueless, but there was still another man who was so fond of her. 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Before she went into the meeting, she had sent Will a text message, telling him that she might call him in front of everyone. 
He had agreed. 
But he still deliberately called her as such in front of so many people. 
Elisa ignored everyone’s peculiar gaze and said, “Mr. Darcey, regarding the previous proposal, I’ve thought about it a lot, and I don’t have the ability to take up the task. There are many experienced people in the company. Why don’t they oversee the project instead? What I think counts for little. I don’t have the experience, and I’m afraid that I will mess things up.” 
What Elisa said was apt. Even Linda and the people on her side couldn’t figure out what she was plotting. 
Everyone held their breaths and was extremely attentive. They looked incredibly focused. 
But after a moment, they heard Will chuckling.
###chapter403
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 403
Chapter 403 Is Elisa So Awesome? 
“If you can’t oversee this project, there’s no need to work together.” 
Everyone was speechless. 
Norman and everyone on his side had nasty expressions. 
As for those on Elisa’s side, there were smiles in the corners of their mouths. 
Elisa had already anticipated what Will would say. Furthermore, she had informed him in advance. She spoke again. 
“I’m not up to it, Mr. Darcey. I have limited abilities. If I oversee it, I may very possibly mess it up.” 
“You thought of the proposal. No one is more capable than you. That’s why, my princess, please have more confidence in yourself. Have you reported this to your company?” 
Elisa’s eyes dulled slightly. Before she could say anything, Will said again, “Relay my thoughts to the person in charge at your company. I won’t budge for anyone. Without you, there wouldn’t be ingenuity when implementing the proposal. It’s better not to do it at all.” 
Norman was dumbstruck. 
He had wanted to take the phone from Elisa and speak to Will, but Will had already said such things. What was left for Norman to say? Would he still have his reputation? 
Will wouldn’t even care! 
Elisa looked at everyone and made a helpless gesture.
She then attempted a final push. “I think you should think about it, Mr. Darcey. After all, I’m a newcomer.” 
Will chuckled. “I want to see which newcomer, no, which veteran, can write such a perfect proposal.” 
Everyone was speechless once again. 
What he said made sense indeed. 
When they first saw the proposal, they couldn’t believe it. 
And this was Will who was confident in her. He was the boss, the bankroller. He had the final say. 
How was Benett Corporation qualified to change the person in charge? 
Without Elisa, Benett Corporation wouldn’t have received such a great benefit. 
“I have other things to do. Is there anything else?” 
Elisa: “… no.” 
“Mm. Let’s eat dinner together.” 
Everyone was dumbstruck. 
They looked at her, but Elisa said indifferently, “I’m sorry, I’m busy.” 
Everyone was flabbergasted. 
Is Elisa so awesome? 
Linda subconsciously looked at Elisa. The envy in her heart was about to make her explode.
Will chuckled and decided not to tease her anymore. “Mm. Talk to you next time. Goodbye.” 
He knew that he was on speakerphone. 
He wanted to let everyone know of their relationship. 
“Okay.” 
The two of them hung up. 
Once Elisa stopped speaking, the conference room was silent. 
Everyone had different expressions, and no one was in a rush to speak. 
People on James’ side were clearly in a good mood. 
Although some of them didn’t want to support Elisa, it felt good to see Norman and his side beaten! 
After a brief pause, James said cheerfully, “Mr. Darcey is too firm this time. Do you still think other people should replace Liz?” 
Linda clenched her fists beneath the table. At that moment, she couldn’t utter a single word. 
Wyllow smiled. “That’s right. With the current situation, Mr. Darcey wants to work only with Ms. Elisa, or not at all. Besides the fact that Ms. Elisa is so outstanding, even if she only understood half of it, does it really matter? Mr. Darcey is a shrewd person. Would he want to see his profits fall to negative abruptly?” 
No one in the company said anything.
After a while, Norman said in a low voice, “We still need to think of a solution for this. Don’t give Mr. Darcey an answer yet. Let’s have another meeting in three days.”
###chapter404
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 404
Chapter 404 I Need You to Do Something 
Jessie’s lips twitched. It was as if the scorn in her eyes was saying that Norman was putting up a meaningless struggle. 
This time, no one went against Norman. The meeting ended like that. 
Elisa didn’t move. She only got up once everyone had left. 
Linda immediately followed her, and she pulled Elisa’s hand. “I have something to ask you.” 
Elisa turned to look at her, and Elisa’s gaze swept the conference room that was filled with cameras. She smiled. “Here?” 
Linda gritted her teeth and grabbed Elisa’s arm tightly. She said, “Follow me.” 
Elisa pulled her arm away and looked at Linda. In a voice that was so soft only the two of them could hear it, she said scornfully, “I have a lot of work to do, Linda. I have yet to close the deal on two out of the five projects that you gave me. You’ve been suspended, and you can’t instruct me to do anything. If there’s anything, let’s talk after I get off work.” 
As soon as Elisa said it, she didn’t even look at Linda, who was so enraged, her lungs were about to explode. Elisa walked back to the office. 
Linda was at a loss for words. 
That witch! Did she forget who the master of this house is? 
Linda gritted her teeth. She became the laughingstock of the whole company today! Now that she had been suspended, she didn’t have the mood to stay in the company any longer.
This would definitely be spread little by little. From the way Elisa took revenge, she definitely would let the whole office know that she had taken the project back. 
When the time came… 
If Elisa really worked with Darcey Group… 
Linda gritted her teeth. She couldn’t control her rage. When she got into the car, she made a call to her own father. 
“Darling daughter?” Norman had arrived at his own office at that time. 
Linda’s brows furrowed tightly. “Is it convenient to talk?” 
“I know what you’re going to say, but this partnership has to go on.” 
Linda’s expression immediately turned nasty. “What do you mean?” 
Norman didn’t answer. 
But Linda gritted her teeth. “Don’t tell me that if there’s no other way, you’re going to let Elisa work with Will? With Will’s abilities, he would definitely work the project out beautifully. Don’t you know the consequences of this?!” 
“Elisa’s position in the company will rise! She will slowly earn the authority to speak, and she would even be promoted! Dad, what we have to do right now is to kick her out of the company, but you’re helping her rise in ranks?! Even if there’s a huge benefit, you have to ensure that she can’t threaten us!” 
Norman suddenly smiled, dumbfounded. “Linda, why are you acting like a bird that is startled by the mere twang of a bow?”
“Dad, what…” 
“Alright, girl. Don’t be too worried. Elisa’s shares are now in my hands. She has nothing at all. Even if there comes a day when she’s promoted to the higher levels of the company, she still doesn’t have any shares of the company at the end of the day. She has no power to decide. What are you afraid of?” 
Linda was dumbstruck. 
When Norman said it, she felt like Elisa didn’t seem so scary, but she still felt like something wasn’t right. 
“Elisa turned the tables on you today. There was no other way. If you’re in such a situation in the future, you have to let me know. Don’t take it all on yourself. After all, you’re young and inexperienced. Do you understand me?” 
Linda gritted her teeth. “I didn’t think that Elisa would play such a trick. But you need to be careful. Those who usually go against you clearly support Elisa. This affects us a lot.” 
“I know.” Norman’s expression was slightly nasty. He was about to hang up when he suddenly said in a low voice, “By the way, I need you to do something.”
###chapter405
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 405
Chapter 405 Arrogant and Aloof 
There was nothing but confusion in Linda’s eyes. “What is it?” 
“Your suspension this time isn’t a bad thing after all. You can’t make any moves toward Elisa at the moment, but you can dig some holes first.” 
Linda was confused. “What holes are there to dig?” 
Norman said in a low voice, “Go home and look for your mom. She’ll tell you.” 
Linda’s brows wrinkled slightly. “Why are you being so secretive? Alright. I’ll head back.” 
… 
At that moment, Elisa had already returned to the office. 
Everyone looked at her in bewilderment. Kira couldn’t hold back, and she looked at Elisa. “Liz, what was the meeting about?” 
Elisa was calm, and she only chuckled. “I’m sorry, Kira. I can’t make it public at the moment. I have to wait for a few days.” 
Kira nodded. “Of course. I won’t ask anymore if it can’t be made public. I’ll wait for a few days then. But I have this feeling that you’re close to success.” 
Elisa smiled. “I hope that’s the case.” 
It was as though there was a deeper meaning to that. 
It seemed like everyone sensed it.
It looked like Kira hit the nail on the head? 
Was it about Elisa? 
Wasn’t she close to success in the recent partnership with Darcey Group? 
Could it be that the meeting was about that? 
Wow! 
Elisa is really amazing! 
It was as if everyone gazed at her admiringly. 
Next, Elisa had to think of a way to settle the two remaining projects. 
Although there was a partnership with Will, she wanted to let everyone see her achievements. Only this way was she closer to entering the higher levels. 
When she thought about it, if Linda knew that whatever she did had aided Elisa and she was just a stepping stone to Elisa, would Linda spit blood? 
Elisa arranged her documents and said goodbye to Kira before leaving. 
Sometimes when discussing a partnership, one might not necessarily need an appointed time. 
Based on the information she had, Elisa went to a café. 
She sat in the café while wearing a mask. 
Other people would think that a pretty and attractive woman was just sitting there and playing with her cell phone.
Little did they know that it was just her disguise. 
After waiting for around twenty minutes, in walked a well-proportioned woman into the café. She had short hair and was decked with sunglasses. With one glance, she looked like a highly capable, yet extremely unapproachable woman. 
She would always meet potential project partners at the café. 
Elisa had predicted and was certain that the woman would appear. 
It was because it was hard to make an appointment with the woman. 
Seeing her walk to a private room inside, Elisa wasn’t in a hurry. She sat in her seat, waiting. After drinking one cup of coffee, she ordered another. 
But… before she could drink the second cup, Elisa saw a man walk out with an awful expression. 
Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. 
The man had entered the room before the woman did. Elisa had a hunch that the woman had scorned him into a bad mood. 
This was, in fact, a normal occurrence. Anita Golding had a sharp way of speaking. Her personality was arrogant and aloof, and her eyes looked especially malicious. It made sense that others would get so angry. She was patient, but it didn’t mean that she was tolerant. Furthermore, she would never waste her time on anything worthless. 
Seeing Anita walk out and walk past her, Elisa lifted her eyes and said softly, “Please stop, Ms. Golding.”
###chapter406
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 406
Chapter 406 Nothing to Talk About 
Hearing it, Anita’s footsteps stopped. She turned and saw a woman sitting at the side, wearing a mask, and she sized the woman up. 
Elisa slowly took off her mask. A gorgeous and memorable face appeared before Anita’s eyes. 
Anita’s gaze dulled a little. The next moment, her lips curved. “Ms. Elisa? What a coincidence.” 
Elisa put on her mask again and smiled. “How could it be a coincidence? I came for your sake, Ms. Golding.” 
Anita sized Elisa up and didn’t say anything. She wasn’t in a rush to leave either. 
Elisa smiled. “Why don’t we have a chat in the private room?” 
Anita slowly took off her sunglasses. There was an indifferent smile in her beautiful eyes. “What do we have to chat about?” 
Elisa’s lips slowly curved. “How would you know if my proposal is good if we don’t have a chat, Ms. Golding? You can take a look, and if you’re not satisfied, you can turn to leave.” 
After she said that, she opened her proposal and passed it to Anita. 
Anita didn’t take it from her. Without taking extra trouble, she just glanced at it. After reading a few lines, her expression suddenly became more solemn, and she took the proposal from Elisa. 
Elisa raised her eyes to look at Anita as she walked in front of Elisa and sat down to read the proposal seriously.
Elisa kept sizing up the woman in front of her. Seeing that her sunglasses were placed on the table, Elisa’s eyes flashed a little. 
Many people didn’t notice something about Anita. She had a habit of wearing sunglasses everywhere she went. It had already become a trademark of sorts for her, but if she was interested in something or looked at it with some importance, she would definitely take off her sunglasses to look at it. 
Elisa kept quiet. She wasn’t in a rush to say anything. 
Around twenty minutes later, Anita slowly placed the proposal down. 
Her expression was calm. “The proposal is quite good, but there’s a problem with the division of profit.” 
Elisa nodded. “What do you think of the proposal, Ms. Golding?” 
Anita nodded. “I approve.” 
Elisa asked again, “What do you think about the division of profit, Ms. Golding?” 
Anita pondered for a moment. “Thirty-seventy.” 
Elisa’s side was obviously thirty percent. 
Elisa smiled casually. “We provide the proposal and the manpower. Your company will be responsible for operations, and you do have costs and expenses, but at the end of the day, you don’t have to contribute to the early-stage planning. So, there isn’t much difference if we cover the expenses.” 
Anita said with a half-smile, “You have to know that operations are the main point. If the proposal can’t be adjusted to thirty-seventy, we have nothing to talk about. Since you’ve asked around about me, you should know where to find me. Unless your company comes to a compromise, don’t look for me again.”
Anita picked up her sunglasses after she said that. 
When she reached for her sunglasses, it meant that she didn’t want to talk about it anymore. 
Elisa wasn’t in a rush to stop her. She smiled and said, “I’ve heard a lot about your past achievements, Ms. Golding, so I know that you don’t mean to threaten me, but you need to really think about it. If you don’t agree to fifty-fifty, I can only look for other companies. You have to know that there’s a lot more profit in fifty-fifty as compared to your thirty-seventy.” 
Anita glanced at her indifferently. “Up to you.” 
She put on her sunglasses and turned to leave after that. 
Elisa’s lips twitched. When Anita took one step forward, Elisa said in a seemingly indifferent manner. “I heard that someone has had their eye on your son recently.” 
Anita’s footsteps stopped abruptly. Her sharp gaze was directed straight at Elisa. “You’re going overboard, Ms. Benett.”
###chapter407
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 407
Chapter 407 I’ll Take This as a Compliment for Benett Corporation 
Elisa turned to look at Anita with a half-smile. Seeing the indignant expression in her eyes, Elisa said calmly, “Businesspeople are used to business deals. What do you think, Ms. Golding?” 
Anita’s brows furrowed tightly, and she gazed at Elisa. 
At the same time, there were two people standing, one in front of the other just around the corner. The man at the front pursed his lips tightly and looked to the side a little. He saw Elisa looking at the woman next to her, looking very skillful. 
The man’s brows furrowed, and the unease in his eyes increased. 
The man behind him kept looking at his watch and finally said in exasperation, “You’re going to be late for the meeting, Mr. Wickam.” 
The wrinkle in Gareth’s eyes deepened. 
In the end, he didn’t say a word. He straightened his tie and walked out. 
As soon as Elisa raised her eyes, she saw the man who had a cold and noble air all around him. Her gaze dulled. 
Why is he here? 
Anita followed her gaze and looked over before looking away. 
Elisa ignored him. She looked away and looked at Anita. “Are you sure we should continue talking about it here, Ms. Golding?”
Gareth didn’t look at Elisa at all. When he walked out, he subconsciously looked at the people in the café and realized that she didn’t even look back. His face was evidently a lot darker than before as he pursed his lips tightly and left. 
Anita sized Elisa up and finally stood up. “Follow me.” 
As she said it, she turned and went to the second floor and Elisa immediately followed her. 
They went into a private room and shut the door. 
Anita looked at Elisa and said, “So what are you trying to tell me?” 
“I know who has an eye on your son. I have information that can be used against him.” Elisa spoke casually. She was implying that if Anita agreed to a fifty-fifty profit division, she would help Anita deal with that person. 
Anita suddenly sneered. “What kind of person is he? He’s so stubborn. Are you sure you can make him back off?” 
“Yes.” Elisa was as firm as nails. 
Anita’s brows furrowed tightly. She didn’t say a word. 
Elisa smiled and looked at her. “Ms. Golding, Brandon Simmons has a strange and artful personality. He likes boys the most, especially those at your son’s age. If you’re not on guard, something might happen.” 
Anita gazed at Elisa coldly. “If you step in, how long will it take for you to settle it?” 
“Tonight.”
A ripple stirred in Anita’s sharp eyes but returned to its calm in the end. She said indifferently, “Alright. If you can make him back off, I will agree to this fifty-fifty contract.” 
Elisa smiled. “Alright.” 
Elisa was a person who kept her word. There was no need for Elisa to force her to do anything right now. 
“Please wait for my news, Ms. Golding. Here’s a copy of the proposal for you.” Elisa handed her the proposal, and Anita took it with ease. 
Elisa’s lips slowly curved. “Actually, I am confident of convincing you to a fifty-fifty division, but I feel like helping you is faster and more convenient. It’s also a way for me to do good. My cell phone number is in the proposal. You can contact me at any time, Ms. Golding.” 
Anita looked at Elisa deeply and finally said, “Alright.” 
Actually, she was very satisfied with the proposal, but she wasn’t necessarily willing to sign the contract for that value. Of course, this excluded Elisa’s special tricks. 
She sized Elisa up. “When did Benett Corporation have such an excellent person?” 
Actually, she had never had a good impression of those from Benett Corporation, nor had she worked with anyone from the company. 
Elisa’s footsteps stopped. She turned and looked at Anita. “I’ll take this as a compliment for Benett Corporation.” 
Elisa didn’t say anything else after that and turned to leave.
###chapter408
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 408
Chapter 408 Which One Is It? 
Since they hadn’t reached the stage of partnership, Elisa naturally wouldn’t disclose too much. She could only ensure that the proposal wasn’t plagiarized and no outsider knew about it at all. That was more than enough. 
There was enough confidentiality and potential for development. 
After that, Elisa had to meet that person. 
When she left, she called Charli. 
“Hello, Iris. You finally thought of looking for me.” 
Elisa immediately spoke in a slightly guilty manner. “I’m sorry, Charli. I’ve been busy these two days.” 
“It’s fine. I was just kidding. What’s up?” 
“How much have you investigated about what happened recently?” 
“Ah, this woman’s fox tail is hidden so well. I can’t find anything of use now. The person who made their move toward you has broken away from his dad. And his dad hasn’t worked in the Benett family for a few years. Although it is inevitable that some things are connected, the truth isn’t clear.” 
As Charli said it, she cried out in surprise. “I thought of something.” 
“What is it?” 
Elisa held her cell phone as she walked out, got into her car, and started it.
Charli’s voice was in Elisa’s ear as she tried to feel Elisa out. “Do you want to report it to the police? Let the police investigate it rationally and clearly.” 
“It will unintentionally alert them. There are still many things that I need to verify about Linda. If she knows about it, she will clean up what previously happened.” 
“I see…” 
Charli furrowed her brows and finally sighed in exasperation. “Don’t worry. I will get people to follow up. Maybe something can be found out. Wait for a while more.” 
“Alright. There’s no rush.” 
Many things couldn’t be investigated immediately. 
… 
At Wickam Group, the meeting had ended two hours ago. 
When he left the meeting, his face was frighteningly dark. 
Thomas followed behind him, and he didn’t dare to make too much noise with his footsteps. Mr. Wickam’s rage today was too intense. 
But… he didn’t know what other instructions Mr. Wickam had. He was ordered to follow him to the office. 
Thomas stood in front of Gareth’s office desk. “Mr. Wickam, do you have any instructions for me?” 
He had reported everything for the upcoming schedules unless Gareth had something else. 
“How is the investigation on her going?”
Thomas was a little confused at that moment… 
He didn’t know who Mr. Wickam was asking about… 
In his understanding, Mr. Wickam couldn’t let go of Ms. Elisa, but he was unclear about it, or maybe he didn’t want to admit it, so in front of other people, he didn’t want to show that he was thinking about anything regarding Ms. Elisa. When she was brought up, he would seem cold and annoyed. 
If Mr. Wickam didn’t have such a personality, he might have thought that Mr. Wickam was asking about Elisa. 
But now, he wasn’t very sure… 
After all, there were two ‘hers’ that Mr. Wickam wanted him to investigate. 
One was the partnership project between Ms. Elisa and Mr. Darcey. 
The other was if Ms. Linda has been busy recently and if she had anything to do with Ms. Elisa falling into the water. 
Then… 
Who is Mr. Wickam asking about? 
Thomas couldn’t help but cough lightly. He looked at Gareth and asked tentatively and carefully, “Mr. Wickam, are you asking about… Ms. Linda?” 
With Mr. Wickam’s personality, seeing how Elisa didn’t even look at him today, he should have been furious with her and didn’t want to mention her at all, right? 
But…
###chapter409
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 409
Chapter 409 Was He Already Impatient? 
Thinking about this, he noticed Mr. Wickam’s expression had darkened. 
Thomas was dumbstruck. 
Could it be that… 
Mr. Wickam is asking about Ms. Elisa…? 
Just as Thomas was deliberating if he should correct himself, Gareth suddenly said in a low voice, “Go on.” 
Thomas subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief. He continued at once, “The trail broke off, just like last time. This may have nothing to do with Ms. Linda, or she may have wiped all trace of it clean.” 
“Where’s the person?” 
The person Gareth was asking about was evidently the man who had pushed Elisa. 
“He’s run away. I’m still looking for him in the meantime. His father is in their old home, but…” 
“Continue investigating from his father’s side.” 
Thomas paused and nodded at once. “Alright. I’ve gotten someone to ask about it.” 
Gareth was silent. He didn’t say anything. 
But he didn’t have the intention of letting Thomas leave. 
In his heart, Thomas knew that Gareth might have wanted to know about Elisa. He hesitated for a moment before he continued to report.
“Ms. Elisa looked for Ms. Linda yesterday to talk about the partnership proposal with Darcey Group, but Ms. Linda turned her down.” 
After that, Thomas talked in detail about what had happened in the past two days. 
“But Benett Corporation kept secret what happened in the meeting. I couldn’t find out. But guessing from who showed up, Mr. Benett might not have wanted Ms. Elisa to personally be in charge.” 
Gareth immediately sneered coldly. “What can Elisa do if she is in command?” 
Thomas touched the tip of his nose and finally coughed lightly. “I heard that Ms. Elisa’s proposal is unrivaled.” 
Gareth’s expression seemed to have darkened again. 
Thomas’ blood froze a little. As Gareth’s first confidant, he had to report things as they were. Of course, he had wanted to call out the president for a long time! 
Holding back the unending pressure from someone in the office, he coughed lightly. “I haven’t investigated too much about the specifics for the time being. I only know that her proposal…” 
Thomas touched the tip of his nose and didn’t go on. 
Gareth’s expression seemed to have darkened, and he didn’t say anything. 
As for Thomas… 
He had said everything he needed to. He could only brace himself and say, “Do you have any other instructions, Mr. Wickam? If there’s nothing else, I’ll be leaving.” 
“Mm.”
Thomas didn’t say anything. He nodded and turned to leave. 
Only Gareth was left in the office. His expression seemed to get darker and darker. 
His cell phone suddenly rang, and he turned to look at it. 
He realized that it was Linda’s number and his brows tightened. 
He paused and answered the call. He said indifferently, “What’s up?” 
Linda suddenly felt so nervous that her heart was blocked up. 
After she went home and talked to her mother, she felt awfully jittery. 
Her mother had advised her on many things, and she could only make a call to Gareth. 
Linda took a breath in and said in a slightly wronged tone, “Are you busy, Garry?” 
Gareth’s brows wrinkled slightly. “Did something happen?” 
Linda’s voice was suddenly a little panicked. “No, nothing. I just wanted to ask if you’re busy these two days?” 
Gareth furrowed his brows again and asked indifferently, “Why are you looking for me?” 
“I…” 
Linda wrinkled her brows tightly. Why didn’t he continue asking her? 
If this had been before, he definitely would have continued asking her so that she wouldn’t feel wronged anymore.
But she had just pretended for a while, and Garry was already impatient with her?
###chapter410
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 410
Chapter 410 Couldn’t Get Any Useful Information 
Gareth wrinkled his brows yet again, and the cold air in the office seemed to be thicker than before. 
It seemed to have even passed through the phone, and Linda shivered. 
Her expression changed slightly, and she took a breath in before she said, “I’ve been suspended at work.” 
Gareth’s expression dulled a little. 
But the next moment, it was as if he didn’t know anything. He tried to make his voice gentler. “What happened?” 
Linda’s brows wrinkled tightly. From the start, she didn’t agree to call Gareth, but her mother forced her to do it. After talking to her for half the day, her mother said that it could make Gareth hate Elisa even more. After that, they could carry out the next step of their perfect plan. But would it really work?! 
Linda gritted her teeth. At this stage in time, she could only go on. 
“It’s involved with the company’s classified information. I can’t tell you, but… I never thought that Liz would misunderstand me. Garry, it’s like we’re estranged. Liz has now started to threaten and scorn me. What should I do to make her be on good terms with me like before…” 
At that moment, Linda put on a great pretense. She didn’t seem like a person who had driven a wedge in other relationships. She seemed like a helpless cousin instead. 
Gareth restrained his impatience and said, “If you don’t tell me, how would I know what to do?”
Linda’s eyes flashed. She could only say in a slightly crying tone, “I… that’s right, you’re not an outsider. Yesterday, Liz showed me a proposal and said that she wants to work with the Darcey Group, but Mr. Darcey mentioned her by name and wanted her to oversee it. I was afraid since Liz is inexperienced. If she messes it up, she will lose her standing, and the company’s reputation would be damaged greatly, so I turned her down.” 
Gareth’s expression seemed to be colder than it already was. 
Linda didn’t know Gareth’s true intentions at all. She continued lamenting, “But… Liz might have been too competitive since she had just joined the company, or maybe she had other intentions. She didn’t tell me and looked for the company’s shareholders secretly. They had a big meeting, and many people criticized me severely for being useless. They think that I shouldn’t have done such a thing, but I…” 
Linda avoided the important details and dwelled on the trivial. She completely didn’t mention Elisa and the proposal. 
Gareth wanted to hear the important details, but he didn’t, and he couldn’t ask about it either. 
Gareth said calmly, “So you were suspended at work.” 
Linda was startled. Isn’t it a big deal that she was suspended? Why is Garry downplaying it? 
She took a slight breath in and said, “Garry, I’ve never been penalized like this before. I… I really did it for Liz and the company’s benefit.” 
In other words, she wanted to express that Elisa didn’t understand her good intentions and had turned against her benefactor. Elisa didn’t consider the feelings of Linda, who was totally devoted to her, as her cousin. In fact, she had caused such trouble for Linda instead. 
Gareth will hate Elisa, won’t he?
If that was the case, she could carry out her other plans. 
But… 
“Linda, you’re not in the best of health. You can take this opportunity to rest well. As for Elisa, pfft…” 
The last sound he made suddenly made Linda’s eyes light up. She clenched her cell phone tight, waiting for Gareth to continue speaking, but he didn’t bring it up again. 
Because he knew that he couldn’t get any useful information from Linda. 
After a pause, Gareth spoke indifferently.
###chapter411
Chapter 411
Chapter 411 Head in the Clouds 
“Don’t think about it too much. Furthermore, you don’t have to maintain any kind of relationship with her. There’s no need for it.” 
Linda was dumbstruck. 
She thought that Garry would say something excessive, but was it just these? 
“Garry, I…” 
“I have something to do. I’ll come and visit you when I’m free. Rest well at home.” 
Linda was dumbfounded once more. 
She opened her lips and clearly wanted to say something but was afraid that Gareth would be annoyed, so she retreated. “Alright. Go on with your work. Remember to take care of your health. Don’t work too hard, Garry.” 
“Mm.” 
Gareth’s voice was magnetic, but upon closer inspection, a faint impatience could be heard. 
Linda’s expression changed, and she could only say, “Alright. I’ll be hanging up.” 
“Mm.” 
Linda took a breath in and could only hang up. 
The next moment, she looked at Rose in a flustered and exasperated manner, who was beside her. “Look at this. I said that I didn’t want to call him! Look at what happened. What do you and dad want
me to do!” 
Just now, her mother kept telling her what and how to do so it would be advantageous to her, but she didn’t say what their true motives were. Linda didn’t get Gareth’s attention, and she was even more jittery. 
Rose giggled. “That’s what I want. Linda, you really can’t hold on. So what if Elisa has the opportunity to work with Darcey Group this time? Do you really think that she can snatch Benett Corporation back?” 
Linda was startled. She looked at Rose subconsciously. “What do you mean?” 
“Didn’t Mr. Wickam tell you? Rest well at home. Leave everything to me.” 
Linda was stupefied. 
With a face full of confusion, she asked, “Mom, what are you and dad going to do?” 
Rose suddenly said grudgingly, “Don’t you know the reason for every step we’re taking right now?” 
“Huh?” 
Linda was even more confused. 
Rose shook her head in frustration. “There are only two things that we must do now. The first is that you have to marry Gareth quickly. The second is to stop Elisa from snatching Benett Corporation back. How have you mixed up which is more important?” 
Linda was extremely baffled and immediately retorted, “Who said that I mixed up what is important? I’m stopping her, aren’t I? Otherwise, how would I have been suspended at work?” 
Rose sighed. “Alright. For the time being, you need to think of a way to marry Gareth.”
Linda was bewildered. “What does that have to do with me calling him?” 
“How would there be an effect without a cause?” Rose said with her head in the clouds. 
Linda was already restless and impatient, and she became even more irritable at that moment. “What on earth is it? Can’t you just tell me directly?!” 
“Hasty men don’t get to eat hot food. If I tell you everything, with your current temperament, you’re sure to mess things up. I’ll tell you after your mood stabilizes in a few days.” 
After she said it, Rose got up and went out. 
Linda was at a loss for words. 
She growled in a flustered and exasperated manner and threw her cell phone on the bed. 
She closed her eyes and took deep breaths in, trying her best to control her own emotions. 
… 
The sky was getting darker. 
Elisa was already in a pub. 
This was where Brandon loved to go frequently. 
At that moment, Elisa had found a corner to sit down at, like a hunter waiting for its prey. 
There was blue-colored alcohol in front of her, but she didn’t have any intention of drinking it. 
She was holding her cell phone instead and playing with something.
The next moment, her cell phone suddenly rang.
###chapter412
Chapter 412
Chapter 412 Get Lost, Don’t Make Me Use Force 
Elisa hung up straight away and sent a message. 
—Elisa: ‘I’m outside. It’s too noisy, and it’s not convenient for me to pick it up. What’s up?’ 
—Rachel: ‘Wow? Where are you? I heard that your cousin was suspended from work?’ 
—Elisa: ‘Yes. It’s all thanks to you! When I have the time, I’ll make you your favorite dish.’ 
—Rachel: ‘Haha! What a good friend! Where are you now? Why isn’t it convenient for you to answer the phone?’ 
—Elisa: ‘At a pub.’ 
—Rachel: ‘D*mn! You’re not that good a friend! You didn’t bring me along to a pub. Who are you with?!’ 
—Elisa: ‘I’m by myself. I came here because I have something to do. I’ll come here with you next time.’ 
—Rachel: ‘It’s because you’re alone. Which pub are you in? I’ll look for you. Even if you have something to do, I have to accompany you. How can you handle it by yourself?’ 
—Elisa: ‘It’s alright. Nothing will happen.’ 
Rachel persuaded her for a while, but Elisa kept insisting that she would be fine. In her frustration, Rachel could only warn Elisa again and again to be careful. 
Elisa slowly put down her cell phone. She didn’t plan on drinking with her mask on. 
But even if she covered her face, it didn’t affect her beauty. Many men had already noticed her, and there was already a man who was walking over with a glass of alcohol.
The man put on a gentlemanly smile and said to Elisa in a gentle voice, “Hello, missy. Are you alone?” 
Elisa nodded and said with what seemed to be anticipation, “Yes, I’m alone.” 
As Elisa said it, she fixed her hair. Amidst the man’s excited gaze, she seemed to carelessly drop her mask. Suddenly… the red scabs on her face appeared, and the man’s expression changed. 
He didn’t even have the mood to speak to her. He turned and walked to his seat. All the men beside her looked at him as if asking how Elisa was, and he started to ridicule her without second thought. 
Even if she didn’t hear what he said, Elisa could guess what he was saying. The corner of her lips curved slightly. She had saved herself a lot of trouble. 
After that, there were two other people who went up to her, and Elisa used different ways to let them see her imperfections, and they would gradually retreat. 
While she was waiting, Elisa finally waited for the person she was waiting for. 
Brandon. 
He had appeared. 
The man was in black sportswear, but it didn’t affect his noble air. He was taller than 180 centimeters. His shoulders were broad, and his waist narrow. His short, light brown hair was styled, and his hair was parted to the side. His good-looking face clearly displayed his features, especially his deep and dark eyes. It was as though he was a person who had been through a lot. 
When he walked in, it attracted the attention of many. Mostly women, of course. 
He ordered a drink and sat in an empty space.
But… 
He was very outstanding. There were people who couldn’t help but go up to him. 
Elisa wasn’t in a rush to look for him. She stayed where she was and observed him. 
She saw a woman walk in his direction and sit across from him. 
Brandon looked at her coldly. “Get lost.” 
The seductive smile in the corner of the woman’s mouth froze. As a gorgeous woman, she never imagined that a man would speak to her in such a manner. 
At the next moment, she smiled again. “Handsome man, why are you alone? Isn’t it boring?” 
Many women were watching attentively. The people near them were slightly perplexed that a woman was being berated. Why was this man so cold? 
Hearing what the woman said, everyone looked in Brandon’s direction. 
They noticed that his eyes were filled with rage. “Get lost. Don’t make me use force.”
###chapter413
Chapter 413
Chapter 413 He Held onto the Handle of His Knife 
The woman’s body stiffened. She gritted her teeth and wanted to say something biting in return, but seeing the man’s icy gaze, she didn’t dare to utter a single word. She held back her rage and left. 
When people around them heard it, they knew that the man was too cold and didn’t dare to go over. 
But those far away just thought that Brandon didn’t like the woman, so another woman went up to him and hit on him. 
But the result… 
Was exactly the same as just now. 
Perhaps at that moment, the competitive spirit of these women was triggered. 
They tried going up to him, one after another. 
Brandon was annoyed in the end! 
He took out a dagger from somewhere and directly placed it on the table! 
In an instant, no one dared to go up to him. 
Everyone sensed that this man was too violent and didn’t like women at all. 
Some people couldn’t hold back and sneered aloud in secret. 
In the corner, two big-bellied men raised their cups to each other as they taunted the women. 
“Women these days are more inferior to the other. They ignore the men who look for them, but the men they hit on berate them to leave. Heh… This is great.”
“Aren’t all women like this? What is there to make a fuss about? If they look at a man’s face and think that he’s broke, they will immediately kick him away. Women are so realistic.” 
“Ah, look at that. Another whore is going up to him on her own accord. Hasn’t she seen his dagger?” 
Another man lit his cigarette and said with exasperation, “How despicable. Are all these women new? Don’t they know that Brandon has a different sexual orientation? He doesn’t even like women?” 
“Maybe, or perhaps some women are seeking him for his face and figure.” 
“Pfft, let me see how this woman is going to die this time.” 
At the same time, everyone looked at the woman who was walking in Brandon’s direction, wearing a mask. It was Elisa. 
She didn’t go up to him at first because she didn’t want others to disturb her. It was the perfect time for her to go over when Brandon was annoyed, and the women didn’t dare to go up to him. 
Some women looked at her, dumbstruck. 
“Is the woman in the mask sick? So many women have gone up to him and have been rejected, but she has the nerve to go up to him? Isn’t she afraid that the man will suddenly stab her?” 
“Anyone can tell that the man took out his dagger to frighten others. Does he really have the nerve to stab anyone? I think she’s sure of it.” 
“Pfft, let me see what this woman’s fate is. Even if she doesn’t get stabbed, maybe the man would be so annoyed that he would berate her loudly!” 
At that moment, many people looked at Elisa, one by one clearly waiting for her to be humiliated.
Brandon clearly noticed the figure that was walking towards him, and his brows suddenly furrowed tightly. An endless cold flickered past his eyes. It was as though he would swallow Elisa alive if she took another step closer. 
But Elisa didn’t care. She walked to him with ease and slowly sat down. 
Brandon grew more and more impatient. At that moment, his hand held onto the handle of his knife. 
Many people couldn’t help but snicker. “Look at that. As I said, she couldn’t get any good out of him. Moreover, so many women have already advanced dauntlessly on him like waves. It completely destroyed his patience.” 
As for Elisa, she wasn’t afraid at all. In fact, she looked at the man with a calm expression. “You don’t have to be so impatient. I have a different goal from the other women. I need to talk to you, Brandon.
###chapter414
Chapter 414
Chapter 414 What Does It Have to Do with Me if She’s Courting Danger? 
Brandon’s expression dulled. She would have known about his situation if she had called him by his name. 
He didn’t want to think about what this woman thought. He pulled his hand back and said indifferently, “I’m not interested.” 
Everyone else couldn’t hear what they were saying. They were incredibly astonished! 
“What’s going on? He pulled his hand back? Don’t tell me that he’s interested in that woman?!” 
“You must be kidding me! That woman has a face full of red scabs! Who would like her?” 
“But Brandon hasn’t seen it!” 
Everyone looked at them. At that moment, Brandon became the focus. 
It was mainly because this man was too charismatic, and many women were turned down by him one after the other. Everyone subconsciously wanted to know if he would choose a woman. 
Elisa didn’t care about what Brandon said. She looked at him, and with an expression full of ease, she said, “I know that there’s a very important person in your life. You once said that he’s the benefactor of your life, and that you’re willing to give up your life to repay your benefactor.” 
Brandon’s expression dulled, and in the next moment, he looked at Elisa. 
“Who are you?” 
Elisa’s lips slowly curved. “Your benefactor has died, but his daughter wants something from you. Would you feel like she’s going overboard?”
The astonishment in Brandon’s eyes intensified. He sized Elisa up, and his eyes were filled with shock. He never imagined that she was the woman before his eyes. 
Brandon paused and said in a low voice, “What do you want me to do?” 
At the same time, the door of the pub was opened. 
Two men walked in, one in front of the other. The man in front had a cold face, and his thin lips were pursed tightly. He had a strong air around him, and it made others afraid to meet his gaze. 
His aristocratic air was as if he wanted to swallow someone whole. It made people feel that they were lowly while he was mighty and unobtainable. 
The man at the back was a lot more down-to-earth. There was an indifferent air to him that made others afraid of approaching him. 
It was evident that everyone was captivated by these two men. The eyes of many women lit up! 
They were even more excited compared to when they saw Brandon. After all, the men in front of them were straight. 
And these men were excellent and grand. Even spending a night with them was worth it. No, to be accurate, it was worth a lifetime! 
The two of them walked in without glancing sideways, but the footsteps of the man at the front suddenly stopped. His sharp gaze swept to the corner. When he saw the woman in a mask, his sharp gaze almost pierced through the woman’s figure. 
The man behind him clearly noticed something and followed his gaze. He looked over, and his expression suddenly changed…
“Ms. Elisa? Why is she here?” 
As soon as he said it, he noticed that the man sitting across from Elisa was Brandon! His face suddenly became even nastier! 
He immediately said to the man at the front in a solemn voice, “Mr. Wickam, that is Brandon Simmons. Everyone close to him knows that he has a different sexual orientation. But in reality, this is just a shield he created for himself! It might be extremely dangerous for Ms. Elisa to be with him…!” 
Gareth’s expression seemingly darkened. He gritted his teeth and said coldly, “What does it have to do with me if she’s courting danger?” 
After he said it, he ignored Elisa and made his way in. 
Thomas was suddenly a little worried. He glanced at Elisa. Seeing the two of them unmoving, he couldn’t confirm anything at the time. He could only brace himself and follow after Gareth. 
But he never thought that the man in front of him would suddenly stop after taking two steps.
###chapter415
Chapter 415
Chapter 415 Why Is He So Uncomfortable? 
Gareth’s cold gaze swept past him. “Why are you following me?” 
Thomas was bewildered. 
Should he not have followed? 
But the next moment, it was as if he had come to his senses. In the end, he said with exasperation, “Alright, I’ll wait for you here.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything. He glanced indifferently at the d*mn woman who didn’t notice him and sat in her spot. He made his way in. 
As for Thomas… 
He walked to the corner and sat down as deep frustration flickered across his eyes. 
Mr. Wickam kept saying what he didn’t mean. 
Mr. Wickam needed Thomas today, but he didn’t let Thomas follow him. Wasn’t it because he wanted Thomas to look after Ms. Elisa? 
Mr. Wickam kept saying what he didn’t mean. It was getting worse, and it was always exposed so clearly. 
He had no other way. He could only observe in a corner. 
…
Elisa kept her attention on Brandon. She didn’t know that such a scene between Gareth and Thomas had played out. 
She looked at Brandon and said with a calm expression, “Can you let go of Anita’s son?” 
Brandon’s eyes narrowed. “Is this all you want me to do?” 
Elisa nodded. “Yes. That’s all. The slate will be wiped clean.” 
Brandon’s lips twitched. It was as if there was a scornful smile on his face. “How can it be wiped clean?” 
Elisa’s expression dulled as she looked at him, puzzled. 
“What… do you mean?” 
Brandon glanced at her indifferently. “Your father did me great kindness. Anita’s son doesn’t mean much to me, so the slate can’t be wiped clean. I don’t like to owe people favors. You can look for me in the future if there’s anything else.” 
Elisa looked at him in surprise. Why is Brandon’s personality different from the rumors? 
Perhaps Brandon sensed Elisa’s doubt. He asked with a calm expression, “Is there anything else?” 
Elisa sized him up. “Don’t you need to verify my identity?” 
“No.” Brandon didn’t look at her and wasn’t in the mood to speak with her any longer. 
Since he already agreed, Elisa didn’t say anything else. She nodded. “Thanks.” 
Brandon ignored her. She got up and left.
Everyone around them was extremely suspicious. They never thought that Elisa could stay by Brandon’s side for so long. 
Brandon’s attitude toward her was even different from other women. 
“What’s so special about that woman? Don’t tell me that they know each other?” 
“If they knew each other, why would the man still pick up the dagger when she sat down? It was clearly to chase her away.” 
Everyone started discussing fervently. Thomas didn’t walk away. He stayed at his spot and only left when he saw that Brandon didn’t have any intention of leaving. 
But… when he reached the elevator, he saw Gareth walking out. 
Thomas was a little surprised. “Mr. Wickam? You’re done?” 
Gareth wrinkled his brows a little and ignored Thomas. He looked out. 
Thomas coughed lightly and said, “Ms. Elisa has left, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth’s expression froze. “What about him?” 
“He’s still here.” 
Gareth’s brows tightened and his expression was frighteningly dark. 
He turned and walked back into the elevator. 
Thomas knew that he was restless, so he didn’t make a sound as he followed. 
They went back into a private room.
After going in and talking to other people, Thomas found out that Gareth had walked out with the excuse of looking for the washroom. 
Thomas was slightly at a loss for words with Mr. Wickam. 
Why couldn’t he let go? And why is he so uncomfortable about it? 
If he is worried, he should protect her openly. Why does he have to think of all sorts of excuses? 
Thinking about this, Gareth suddenly turned and looked at him.
###chapter416
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 416
Chapter 416 A Familiar Person 
Thomas’ expression stiffened, and he straightened out his thoughts. But he was unexpectedly feeling a little… guilty. 
He didn’t know if Mr. Wickam had sensed his messy thoughts. 
At that moment, once Elisa walked out, she wasn’t in a rush to return home. She walked around nearby. 
It seemed like she was waiting for someone. 
And it also seemed like she was relieving boredom alone at night. 
People kept coming in and out of the pub. 
There was a glorious and bustling scene outside. 
Elisa looked at the entrance of the pub from time to time, and there were endless emotions in her eyes. 
Shortly, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
—Kyle Harrison: ‘It isn’t him.’ 
—Elisa: ‘Alright, thank you.’ 
She wanted to keep her cell phone after she replied. 
But the other party sent a picture of him hitting her. Another person followed closely after and also sent a picture of him hitting someone. 
—Kyle: ‘When can you change your bad habits? Must you say your thanks? @Elisa.’
—Scott Carter: ‘There’s something wrong with you, Elisa.’ 
—Elisa: ‘… it’s my fault.’ 
—Scott: ‘Are you planning to make a comeback now?’ 
Elisa’s eyes shook, and she didn’t know what to reply at that instant. 
For the past few years, she had really neglected many people, and she felt sorry for them. 
Now that she thought about it, she really felt like she was trash. 
She had abandoned so many close friends for a scumbag of a man. 
She took a deep breath in and finally sent a reply to her group chat. 
—Elisa: ‘I’m back.’ 
She had been teased by these two when she said her thanks. She wasn’t going to apologize and irk them. 
She would always remember this feeling. 
—Kyle: ‘You’re finally back! If you weren’t going to come back, I was going to fish you out of the Wickam family. You still have us after leaving that trashy man. The three of us are a team. We almost became useless without you around for the past few years. Come back, and let’s meet up when you have the time!’ 
—Scott: ‘It’s great that you’re back. Don’t leave again.’ 
During that period of time, she hadn’t said anything in the group chat because she hadn’t figured out what she should do.
But two days ago, when they asked her why she had yet to appear, she didn’t know what to do. She could only go in and win their favor as well as beg for mercy. 
This time, she had troubled Kyle to check on the condition of Anita’s son. 
According to Brandon’s usual practice, he would have taken Anita’s son away tonight. 
But it could be proven now that Anita’s son was alright and didn’t have any problems. 
As for this group chat… 
It was her specialized hacker group chat. 
Elisa, Kyle, and Scott. These three were first-rate hackers in the world. They had a simple code name. 
The Three Musketeers. 
Kyle was the leader, Scott was the second in command, and she was the third. 
Ever since she married Gareth, Elisa made it clear to the two of them that she may not be able to work with them again. 
Both of them expressed support and understanding because she was getting married. 
But after they found out that she got a divorce, they appeared again. 
It was their way of comforting her. 
Even if they didn’t talk much, it didn’t mean that they had a bad relationship. 
Kyle and Scott were really wealthy sons from rich and powerful families. They had also met in real life.
She stopped pacing and walked to the parking lot instead. 
The underground parking lot was basically filled with cars, and people would come for their vehicles one after another. When Elisa lifted her eyes, she saw a familiar person.
###chapter417
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 417
Chapter 417 A Lively Ringtone 
Elisa’s lips slowly curved. Seeing the person before her eyes walk to her, she smiled. “What a coincidence, Ms. Golding.” 
This was what Anita had said to her previously. 
Anita sized her up. It wasn’t the sharp gaze as before and was a lot gentler instead. Looking at Elisa with a calm expression, Anita said, “Are you free? Let’s have supper together.” 
Elisa’s brows curved. “Sure.” 
She locked her car and walked out with Anita. 
Shortly, the two of them were in a private room in a restaurant. 
“What do you want to eat?” Anita handed her the menu. 
Elisa smiled. “I’m fine with anything. I’m not picky. Let me head to the washroom. You can order anything.” 
There was a washroom in the private room. 
Anita didn’t say anything and ordered food. 
After all, eating here was only an excuse. In reality, it was for work. 
Once Elisa took off her mask, she washed off the red scabs on her face. The next moment, a delicate face appeared. 
Only the two of them were left in the room after the server had left.
Anita looked at Elisa and said with slight astonishment, “How did you do it?” 
Anita thought that there would be big trouble tonight. 
She never thought that her son would be safe and sound. 
Moreover, Brandon told her explicitly that he wouldn’t make things difficult for her son again, but also warned her not to provoke him. 
Elisa smiled and didn’t elaborate. “It’s all friendship.” 
Anita’s brows twitched, and she took out the proposal in the end. “We’ll sign the contract.” 
Elisa smiled. “Alright.” 
Anita sized her up. “You’re not surprised at all.” 
The trace of a smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips didn’t disappear. She said with ease, “Because I understand your character.” 
Anita’s eyes froze, and she sized Elisa up. “When I first saw you, I could tell that you are a smart girl, but not very likable.” 
Elisa didn’t hold back and laughed out loud. “What about now?” 
“Now, I think that you’re quite reliable,” Anita said simply. 
The smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips deepened. “With time, you will think that I’m a good friend. Time reveals a man’s heart, Ms. Golding.” 
Anita pursed her lips and didn’t say anything.
Elisa took the contract that Anita had passed to her and looked through it. 
Anita raised her brows. “No one would dare to display their skill in front of an expert like you.” 
Elisa smiled. “I’m sorry. It’s an occupational hazard.” 
After looking through it and seeing that there were no problems, Elisa signed the contract. 
“What comes later will be done by an expert in charge. Happy working together in the future, Ms. Golding.” 
She wasn’t in charge of what came after that. 
Anita nodded indifferently. “I hope that I can work with you in the future. I really like the proposal.” 
After signing the contract, Anita wasn’t shy. She had a straightforward personality. 
After a brief pause, she looked at Elisa again and said, “I’m very thankful to you for what happened. If you have anything you need me to do in the future, I will definitely help you if I’m able to.” 
Elisa smiled. “It isn’t easy to be owed a favor by you. I will appreciate it.” 
Anita’s lips twitched, and she didn’t say anything. 
Waiters served up the food shortly after that. 
Anita only looked at her after the servers had left. “Dig in. The food here is very clean and special. If you don’t like it, we can get something else.” 
“It’s alright. This will do.” 
As soon as she finished speaking, the lively ringtone of her cell phone suddenly rang in her ears.
###chapter418
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 418
Chapter 418 Separation of Work and Private Matters 
Elisa did not move. 
Anita Golding looked at her phone and frowned when she saw an incoming call. She turned to Elisa. “Please excuse me for a moment. I have to answer this call.” 
Elisa nodded. 
She could not hear the phone conversation. 
But Anita’s expression darkened considerably, prompting Elisa to arch an eyebrow and wonder if something had happened to her son again. 
There shouldn’t be any issue with Brandon. Could something else have gone wrong? 
“I understand.” 
Anita hung up right after that. 
Elisa looked at her curiously. “Is your son…” 
“No.” 
Elisa breathed a sigh of relief. After all, she could not guarantee she had full control over Brandon. 
Anita looked at Elisa and said awkwardly, “Ms. Benett, I… I might have to request your help.” 
Although she had always been direct, it was not easy for her to ask someone for help. 
Elisa was surprised. “What happened? As long as it’s within my abilities, I’ll help you.”
“I need you to fight a lawsuit for me.” 
Elisa looked at Anita closely. “What kind of lawsuit?” 
Anita breathed in softly and said, “Let’s have our dinner first.” 
Elisa nodded and knew Anita was embarrassed. Since Elisa did not want to ruin her appetite, she did not say anything and focused on the meal. 
Once Elisa finished eating, Anita put down her cutleries and sighed before saying softly, “Can I have your Whatsapp contact?” 
Elisa nodded and took out her phone to exchange Whatsapp contact with Anita. Then, Anita sent her a document. 
“The details of the matter and situation are as stated in the document. You are free to name your fees.” 
Elisa read through the document and replied calmly, “If what is said here is complete and true, you will be able to win.” 
Anita’s eyes brightened. “I’m impressed. How much are your fees?” 
Elisa chuckled. “My fees are expensive.” 
Anita smirked, “I know.” 
Elisa smiled and did not say much. “You just have to send all your evidence to me and let me know once the court sets the hearing date.” 
Anita pursed her lips. “If I had known earlier, I would have readily agreed to sign a contract with you today.”
Of course, Anita was joking. 
She had clear boundaries between work and private matters. 
She would not threaten Elisa with anything. 
At the same time, Elisa did not threaten Anita but was helping her. Their dealing could be considered a business deal that benefited both parties. Therefore, Anita had a rather good impression of Elisa. 
Elisa still had not stated her fees, so Anita looked at her with a serious expression and said, “You should tell me your fees.” 
Elisa smiled. “Since I have gained your friendship, this lawsuit shall be my gift to you.” 
Anita protested immediately, “No, that would make me indebted to your favor. I would like to separate professional from private life. It won’t affect our friendship that way.” 
Elisa smiled and stopped talking about the matter. Then, she glanced at the time and said, “It’s getting late, and I should head home. Shouldn’t you go home to spend time with your son?” 
Anita frowned and looked at Elisa silently. 
On the other hand, Elisa dashingly took a copy of the signed contract and smiled. “See you next time.” 
After that, she got up and headed outside without another glance at Anita.
###chapter419
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 419
Chapter 419 The Most Beautiful Daughter-In-Law! 
Anita quietly watched Elisa walk away. 
After leaving the place, Elisa headed home. Everything went smoothly, and no one came to cause her trouble. 
The following day, Elisa went to the company as usual. She handed in the signed agreement to Kira, causing Kira to exclaim in surprise, “My goodness! Liz, you managed to get Anita to sign!” 
Kira was astounded. 
It was not because she was easily excitable. 
One should know Elisa was in charge of a few of the most challenging proposals. No one in this office, including Kira, and the department manager, Julie, could complete the task successfully. 
Yet, Elisa, who joined not too long ago, successfully completed four of them. Furthermore, she managed every proposal wonderfully. 
Everyone in the office was stunned. They appeared shocked and in disbelief. It seemed as if they had heard something unbelievable. 
But, the truth was displayed before their eyes. Thus, everyone was stupefied. 
“Is it real? Did she secure a project with Anita? Anita is famous for being hard to deal with!” 
“What the heck? Liz, you’re incredible!” 
Those who hardly spoke to Elisa previously all looked at her in awe.
When she secured the project with Philip, people were still doubtful of her. But this time, everyone knew Anita was a straight woman who was married and had a son. Thus, Elisa would not be able to use unsavory means to succeed. 
So, how did she do it? 
Everyone was stunned and in disbelief. 
Elisa smiled, “Oh, I was lucky.” 
She did not elaborate and appeared calm as usual. But everyone in the office looked at her in a new light. 
She manages to secure four projects within a short time span. Thus, who wouldn’t suspect her? 
Of course, the matter with Mr. Darcey does not mean she is unskilled. Instead, it’s the company that suspects her. Thus, it’s not Ms. Benett’s fault. 
Kira gradually calmed down. However, she could not resist shaking her head and exclaimed, “Liz, you are amazing! I’ve never seen anyone as talented as you in our department. There’s no one like you.” 
Elisa smiled humbly and said, “No, I’m not that talented.” 
If they weren’t in the middle of their working hours, everyone would have gone to Elisa and asked how she did it. 
But Elisa’s experience was not something they could easily learn. Elisa could amend the proposals on her own and create designs by herself. If it weren’t for the large scale of the project or the large number of proposals needed, she could have handled everything alone. 
…
Meanwhile, Rose arrived at Wickam Residence. 
Monica greeted her with a smile and held her hands. “Rose, you finally came to see us. I thought you still blamed me for what happened. It was my mistake this time… I wonder if Lisa is still angry with me…” 
Rose smiled and said, “Monica, why do you speak as if we are strangers? You didn’t plan what happened that time, so how can it be your fault? Also, why would Linda blame you? In actuality, she is thankful to you. You were always so supportive of her being with Gareth.” 
Monica answered immediately. “Of course, I support her! Linda is my most beautiful daughter-in-law!” 
However, Rose’s expression stiffened slightly. She fell silent as if she did not know what to say. 
Monica looked at her in confusion. “Rose, what’s wrong?”
###chapter420
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 420
Chapter 420 Her Main Reason for Coming Here 
Rose’s glimmered with a hint of tears as she said, “I… I know I shouldn’t bring it up, but if I keep dragging this on, I fear it will be detrimental to everyone.” 
Monica’s expression froze, and nervousness flashed across her eyes. She sighed helplessly. “I’m anxious about it, too. That br*t isolates himself in the company every day. I hardly have the chance to see or speak to him.” 
Rose appeared troubled and said weakly, “But if this keeps dragging on… Linda truly loves Gareth, but I can’t let my daughter keep waiting for him. We all know it is okay for a man to be unmarried at thirty. However, the same could not be said for a woman…” 
Monica panicked when she heard Rose wanted to cancel the wedding. “Don’t do it! Rose, didn’t we agree to be in-laws? You can’t let another man snatch my daughter-in-law from me!” 
Rose sighed weakly. “I also want Gareth to be my son-in-law, but looking at the present situation…” 
She could not bring herself to continue. 
But when she saw how stunned and anxious Monica was, she had no choice but to say, “A lot of things happened in Benett Corporation in the past two days. I wonder if you heard anything about them.” 
Monica was stunned. “What happened?” 
Rose sighed tiredly. She had no choice but to explain what had happened. Since she and Monica were close in age, Rose could speak freely about all the wrongs Linda suffered and all the bad things Elisa did. 
Furthermore, it did not seem like she was picking on Elisa. Her tone did not arouse any suspicion.
Monica had always looked down on Elisa. 
Now, her prejudice against Elisa grew. 
Monica clenched her teeth. “That’s too much! How could she be so shameless and greedy? If not for you and your family, she would have nothing. How dare she now be so ambitious and try to bring you all down?” 
Rose’s eyes flashed with a hint of mockery and disdain for Elisa. 
However, she could not display her true feeling and could only shake her head helplessly. “Liz said she wanted to return to Benett Corporation and take back her uncle’s shares. We know we have some fault in this, but giving her the shares would destroy Benett Corporation…” 
“Liz has little experience in company matters. If she ruined the company, it would be bad for her reputation. She’s still young. How would she have the mental fortitude to deal with that? If she becomes suicidal from the stress, how can my husband answer her late father? Sigh…” 
Monica sneered. “You all shouldn’t care about Elisa in this matter. Elisa is overly ambitious and competitive. Moreover, there’s something wrong with her mind. She is devious and immoral. You all shouldn’t let her have her way.” 
Rose shook her head immediately. “That’s not true. Elisa is not as bad as people imagined…” 
“Oh, Rose. I only try to be polite to her for your sake. That’s why I didn’t talk about her to outsiders. I’m only telling you this when we are alone. That woman is devious, you and your family should watch out.” 
Rose smiled awkwardly and quickly switched the conversation topic. “Let’s not talk about her anymore and chat about something else.”
That something else was the main reason Rose came to talk to Monica. Of course, she first needed to say what she did to bring up this matter.
###chapter421
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 421
Chapter 421 How Long Will You Keep Dragging It? 
Monica could see that Rose did not wish to talk about it anymore. So she nodded and remained quiet. 
Rose sighed helplessly. “Linda has been feeling down at home since she was made to quit. This girl is too easily agitated. She even called Gareth and told him everything about this matter.” 
Monica was stunned and said with a hint of guilt, “What happened after that? I know nothing about this.” 
Rose nodded with understanding. “It’s normal for children to have their opinions once they are older. Monica, you don’t have to feel guilty about it.” 
Monica sighed with frustration. Then, Rose continued, “Linda felt indignant at the time. Gareth had also comforted her and told her to get a good rest. He said a lady doesn’t have to work too hard on a job. So… I would like to ask you. Does Gareth… Does he plan to marry Linda?” 
“If he does, I will be stricter with Linda and teach her the proper etiquette so that she can be a good daughter-in-law. But… If he doesn’t, I think it’s better for Linda to return to the company.” 
“Without Gareth, Linda will be dejected and will not wish to marry anyone else. In that case, she should take up the business. Otherwise, she will be all alone once her father and I are older or have left the world. Even if she does marry someone else, that man might not be someone she wants…” 
Rose looked worried. It seemed she did not know what to do. 
In actuality, she was sneering in secret because this was the purpose she came here. She wanted Monica to hear about Gareth advising Linda to rest.
Monica immediately became anxious. “Ah, Rose, you mustn’t think this way. I will never let my favorite daughter-in-law marry another man. Don’t worry. I’ll hurry that stupid br*t! I’m aiming for them to get married next month!” 
Next month. 
Rose was relieved to hear this. 
Then, she nodded as if in resignation. “Monica, I didn’t come here to pressure you. I just…” 
She looked as if she could not bear to continue. But Monica nodded in understanding. “I know. I know everything. Rose, you don’t have to be so awkward with me. I know you have nothing to do with this matter.” 
Rose sighed helplessly and nodded. “It’s because I’m anxious about my daughter’s future. If we keep waiting, she would turn thirty soon…” 
Thirty was an exaggeration. In actuality, Linda was only twenty-six. 
Monica nodded eagerly. “I know. I know. Just leave this to me. I’ll discuss it with Old Mr. Wickam again. After all, that kid… Sigh.” 
Rose forced a smile. Unlike previously, she did not tell Monica to take her time. 
The two of them chatted for a while before Rose left. 
Then, Monica rushed to meet with Old Mr. Wickam. They discussed for a while before heading to Gareth’s company straight away. 
Gareth was dealing with work in his office at this moment. But Old Mr. Wickam did not care. He opened the door and headed in with Monica in tow.
Gareth frowned when he looked at them. There was a flash of impatience on his face. He knew why they were here as soon as he saw them. 
The instant Monica closed the door, Darren could not hold back anymore and looked at Gareth with displeasure. “How long are you going to keep dragging this?”
###chapter422
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 422
Chapter 422 It Must Be a Mistake! 
Gareth’s expression turned cold. He looked at Monica and did not say anything. But his gaze was interrogatory. 
Even though Old Mr. Wickam was the company’s chairman, he did not get involved in any company matters. Gareth was the one in charge. 
As for Monica, she frequently met with Old Mr. Wickam to discuss some matters, such as Gareth’s marriage. 
That annoyed Gareth tremendously. 
Monica noticed his gaze and frowned. She strode forward. “How dare you look at me like that? Look at how old you are, and yet, you don’t have a child. How long are you going to keep delaying this? Linda saved your life, but you failed to appreciate and take care of her. Worst, you keep hurting her feelings. I wish I can open up your head and see what you are thinking.” 
Gareth furrowed his brow. “Now is not the right time to get married.” 
“Tell me then. When are you planning to get married?” Monica questioned furiously. 
If any outsiders saw this scene, they would have opened their mouths in shock. It turned out only Gareth’s mother could scold him. Otherwise, no one would dare to anger a powerful and prominent man like him. He could probably get the whole world to blacklist someone with just a few words. 
Yet, Monica dared to scold him. 
She interrogated and scolded him firmly. Furthermore, she probably even dared to hit him.
Gareth pursed his lips. Although he was enveloped in a chilling aura, he said in a resigned tone, “I’m working. If there is anything, we can talk about it later at home.” 
“Talk about it at home?” Darren sneered furiously. He took a couple of steps forward and scolded, “Were you ever home? We hardly ever see you around!” 
Gareth had nothing to say. 
Monica looked at him coldly. “Since you want Linda to rest at home, doesn’t this mean you should marry her and provide her with security? You shouldn’t let a girl who is clearly still recuperating run around to work. She has already ruined her health to save you. Do you want her to collapse?” 
Darren did not waste his breath but said sternly, “Finish whatever work you have quickly. I believe the tenth of next month is a good time for you and Linda’s engagement.” 
Gareth’s expression turned even colder. He looked at Darren and said in a deep voice, “No.” 
His tone did not sound like a protest but an order. 
“You…” Darren pointed at him furiously. “How dare you say this? Are you telling me that you don’t want to marry Linda?” 
Monica turned pale while her heart beat nervously. She turned to Gareth immediately. 
All this while, she thought Gareth was only dragging the matter. Now, it seemed he did not plan to marry Linda. 
“What do you mean?” 
Gareth’s expression turned solemn upon hearing the question.
Do I not want to marry Linda? 
I should marry Linda. If not for me, she wouldn’t be as weak as she is now. But why do I keep delaying the matter? 
Suddenly, Elisa’s mocking expression appeared in his mind, causing his heart to waver for a moment. He took a deep breath but did not speak. However, Monica was angered by his silence. She came to him and said in disbelief, “Are you really not going to marry Linda?” 
Gareth furrowed his brow. “No.” 
That must have been a delusion! There’s no way I would think of Elisa!
###chapter423
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 423
Chapter 423 Tremendous Good News! 
That woman is full of greed and deception! She has been scheming against me since the beginning. Who knows how many times she and her father had forced my hands? I must have hated her so much that I thought about her just now! 
Gareth suppressed his emotions with all his might. 
Darren looked at him coldly. “What do you mean? When are you planning to get engaged? You need to give me a specific date. Otherwise, you’ll keep the Benett family waiting. How can you be so irresponsible?” 
“Everyone expects you and Linda to get married, but you keep delaying the matter. Do you know how this will look for them? You may be thick-skinned, but I can’t bear the humiliation! I have had a sterling reputation all my life. Don’t ruin it for me! Stop behaving like a scoundrel!” 
“Grandma is still unwell.” 
Darren snorted. “Your grandmother is unwell, but she wishes for you to remarry Elisa. Since you don’t want to marry that greedy and devious woman, you can never fulfill her wish. So what can you do to make her better?” 
Gareth had nothing to say. 
Monica nodded in agreement. “That’s right. In this situation, you should get married if you wish to help your grandmother recover. Once you have a child, it would make her happy.” 
Gareth was seated at his office desk with a pen in his right hand. He paused for a moment before signing a document and remained silent all this while.
Darren was rendered speechless. 
Monica was indignant. But before she could say anything, Gareth replied flatly, “Have it on the tenth of next month.” 
Monica and Darren were surprised. They did not expect to convince him so easily. 
Did we misjudge him about not wanting to marry Linda? 
“This… This is not just to humor us, right? We need to announce this to the public.” 
“Sure.” Gareth had a solemn expression and did not say anything else. 
On the other hand, Monica was elated. Her attitude softened immediately. “Oh, you should have done this earlier without having your grandfather and I come here. In that case, I’ll head back to begin the preparations. I plan to send out the invitations in these two days. Meanwhile, you should do your part and make sure nothing comes up on the tenth. There’s still a month’s time, so get ready.” 
Gareth held the pen tightly but did not speak. 
It is right to marry Linda. She nearly lost her life to save mine. Thus, I’m indebted to her and should take care of her for the rest of her life. 
His silence amounted to an implicit agreement. 
Old Mr. Wickam beamed. “In that case, we won’t disturb your work anymore. You go ahead.” 
Then, the two of them left. 
The employees were confused upon seeing them.
Monica and Old Mr. Wickam had gone in with stern expressions, but they smiled radiantly when they left. What’s going on? 
A member of the senior management approached Old Mr. Wickam with a smile, “Sir, you seem happy today. Did something good happen?” 
Old Mr. Wickam was planning to announce the engagement. Thus, he smiled and said, “It’s about my grandson. He and Linda will be getting engaged on the tenth of next month. There will be a banquet then, so mark your calendar.” 
The senior management member was surprised and nodded eagerly. “I will! That’s wonderful news! I’ll be there!” 
The employees who were standing by the side heard their conversation. 
They were all stunned.
###chapter424
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 424
Chapter 424 He Also Loves Her 
At this moment, the employees were standing in the first-floor lobby. There was also the receptionist and a few employees passing by. All of them opened their mouths in shock. 
Are they finally getting engaged? 
I knew it! 
It’s on the tenth of next month! 
Elisa will not be able to do anything now! 
Darren said with a smile, “I won’t stay to chat. I need to head home to get ready and send out the invitations.” 
The senior management member replied, “Please go ahead. Don’t hesitate to let me know if you need anything.” 
“Haha, sure.” Darren left right after that. Many people were stunned to see him in such a good mood. 
As soon as Darren left, the company went into an uproar. 
The receptionist spread the news throughout the company. 
Furthermore, the spread of the news was not limited to the Wickam Group… 
Time passed quickly. 
It was soon time to clock out from work.
Elisa grabbed her bag and headed out. However, she unexpectedly saw a familiar man leaning against the door of a blue Lamborghini parked at an eye-catching spot before the company’s entrance. The man was dressed in a high-end navy suit. He was also holding a large bouquet of flaming red roses. 
Many employees were stunned as soon as they stepped out. They looked on with longing and envy. 
How… How nice would it be if he gives me flowers? 
Elisa’s expression changed slightly when she walked out and saw him. She immediately turned around to leave, but Will had expected this. Thus, he kept watching her and called out with a smile, “Liz.” 
His magnetic voice sounded through the air. Although it was not loud, everyone could hear him clearly. 
Elisa was rendered speechless and had no choice but to pause her step. 
Meanwhile, Will walked toward her elegantly and offered her the roses. Elisa planned to retreat and hide, but Will grabbed her hand and placed the bouquet in her arms. 
“You’re late today. Have you finished your work?” 
Elisa had nothing to say. 
She looked up at Will and stopped herself from grinding her teeth. 
Will looked at her with amusement. He knew what she was thinking, but he did not care. Instead, he smiled and said, “What would you like to have for dinner? I’ll take you there.” 
Then, he raised his arm casually to hold her waist. 
However, Elisa noticed it and quickly walked ahead. “Anywhere’s fine.”
She did not wish to continue embarrassing herself at the company. 
Thus, her only option was to follow Will and get out of the gossipers’ sight as soon as possible. 
Has he gone mad? Why must he do this before everyone? 
Many female employees were so envious that they nearly cried. “Ah! They look so good together! Elisa is a divorcee, but Will still makes so much effort to woo her… I’m so jealous… Boohoo…” 
“Elisa is a brilliant lady. You can only criticize her if there’s nothing good about her. But looking at Elisa’s position, it is still acceptable for Will to pursue her.” 
“Even if it is acceptable, there is still a disparity between them. There are so many other outstanding and wealthy young ladies, so I don’t understand…” 
“Sigh, I’m also envious of her. Elisa has such astounding good fortune in her life. Previously, when Elisa got married to Gareth, everyone was debating about it. Later, their divorce caused an uproar, and everyone thought Elisa would meet her downfall. Who knew she manages to elevate herself again? She never seems to lack brilliant men by her side.” 
“That’s right. I’ve also heard something else. Carle of Semoa Group is in love with her too!”
###chapter425
Chapter 425 Kept In the Dark
“What the heck! That’s incredible! What’s so attractive about her?”
“What’s attractive about her? Why don’t you get a sex change surgery and find out about it? I’ve told you, opposites attract. You
should give it a try.”
“D*mn you!”
As people discussed among themselves, Will had already opened the front passenger seat door for Elisa. She entered the car
quickly.
At the same time, she was still holding the bouquet of roses.
Will smiled and asked, “Would you like to put the flowers at the back?”
Elisa had nothing to say.
She immediately handed the flowers to Will. Just now, she was preoccupied with getting into the car quickly and leaving this
place as soon as possible, so she did not realize she was holding the flowers. Now, it seemed as if she was reluctant to let them
go.
Will’s eyes darkened slightly as he looked at the rare blush on her face. He gave a low chuckle.
Elisa refused to look at him. She closed the door immediately and looked to the other side.

Will put the flowers at the back and soon went to the driver’s seat.
Elisa turned to look out of the window. She felt awkward.
On the other hand, Will smiled even more than before. “Are you angry?”
Elisa pursed her lips. “No.”
Will chuckled and said, “What would you like to have for dinner?”
“Please send me home. Thank you.” Elisa refused to look at him.
“Will it be your home?”
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She had forgotten how shameless Will was on such a matter.
She breathed in softly and looked at him.
“Will Darcey, how long will you keep playing around?”
“Playing around?” Will sighed helplessly. “Even if I’m playing, I would like to play this until the end of our lives.”
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She did not want to speak to him anymore. She felt like banging her head against the wall the more she talked to him.
Thus, she turned away and said, “Start driving.”
Will smiled and started the car.

Soon, the car traveled out of the crowd’s sight.
However, the crowd’s discussions remained, and what Will did trend on Twitter again.
Once they reached a restaurant, Will looked at Elisa kindly and said, “Let’s go here. We won’t bump into anyone we know.”
Elisa did not respond but got out of the car.
Then, she entered the restaurant with Will. He handed his car key to an attendant.
This restaurant belonged to the Darcey Group.
Will sat across Elisa and smiled gently. “What would you like to have?”
Elisa responded calmly, “I’ll leave it to you.”
Will did not press the matter. After he finished ordering food, they were left alone in the private lounge.
He looked at Elisa closely. “I’ve heard something interesting today.”
Elisa looked at him but did not respond.
Will smiled and continued, “But I fear you will get sad if I tell you.”
Elisa looked at him with confusion. “What is it?”
Hearing him, Elisa suddenly recalled many of the staff looking at her strangely for no reason since that afternoon. Furthermore,
there were a few times when Kira wanted to speak to her but didn’t. At the time, Elisa wondered what was wrong with Kira.
Now, she believed it had something to do with what Will mentioned.
Will smiled and said, “Let’s talk about it after dinner. I don’t want to make you sad and ruin your appetite.”
Elisa was now certain the matter was related to her. Thus, she pursed her lips and replied, “My father has passed away, and I
don’t have any relatives. What can make me sad anymore?”
She felt uncomfortable being kept in the dark, especially since the matter concerned her.
###chapter426
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 426
Chapter 426 Don’t Tease Me 
Will hesitated for a moment before saying softly, “Gareth is getting engaged next month.” 
Elisa’s expression froze. Will looked at her with concern, but she suddenly laughed. “I finally understand why everyone in the office looked at me strangely.” 
Her eyes flashed with mockery. She sounded as if she did not care. One could not find any trace of sadness in her. 
Will smiled at her. “So, you’re not sad?” 
“Why should I be sad?” Elisa seemed calm and unmoved by the news. 
Furthermore, the news did not bring her any disadvantage. She could now speed up her plan. Moreover, Yara would likely contact her soon. 
On the other hand, Will chuckled. “It seems you have truly let go. In that case, will you consider giving me a chance?” 
Elisa started, “Mr. Darcey…” 
“Call me Will.” 
Elisa remained silent. 
They were not close enough to be on a first-name basis. 
Will did not repeat the matter again. Seeing that Elisa was unbothered by the matter, he chuckled and said, “How’s the negotiation for the project between Darcey Group and Benett Corporation?”
“They are still looking for a way to get you to agree to deal with someone else.” Elisa’s eyes flashed with derision. 
Will pursed his lips. “They haven’t given up on that yet?” 
“There will be another meeting after two days. They might choose someone to negotiate with you then.” 
Previously, Elisa was against working on this project with Will. 
But now, she believed she needed to complete this project to enable her to elevate her position faster. Only then could she snatch back Benett Corporation and restore her father’s hard work. She did not wish to delay any longer. 
Moreover, she believed she would eventually regain control over the Benett family. 
“Ha…” Will chuckled and said, “What am I to do? You’re the only one that caught my eye and the only one I want to see.” 
Elisa closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Mr. Darcey, can you stop teasing me as if I’m a young lady? I’m a divorcee.” 
Will frowned in disagreement. His kind eyes seemed displeased. “To me, you are the most outstanding young lady in the world. Don’t belittle yourself.” 
Elisa had nothing to say, so she remained quiet. 
Soon, the waiters served the food. Elisa did not say anything but focused on eating. 
This was her usual habit. 
Will kept taking care of her, speaking to her gently, looking at her kindly, and always behaving gentlemanly.
Elisa thought if he got rid of his womanizing tendencies, his rivalry with Gareth, and his aim for approaching her, he might be an outstanding man. 
When a person approaches someone with the aim of gaining something, it renders all their kind actions toward that someone meaningless. 
After dinner, Will smiled at Elisa. “Would you like to go for a walk?” 
“I’ll sit it out this time. I wish to return home earlier to rest.” 
In actuality, she received a message from Yara. Yara was Linda’s assistant, so Elisa had been looking forward to a message from her. 
Will nodded. “Sure.” 
They got into the car. Will drove to send her home. 
Elisa wanted to tell him not to show up as he did again. However, she had said it a few times before, but he never listened. Thus, she felt it was pointless to say anything. 
He chatted with her throughout the journey about casual topics. It did not seem like he expected anything from her. Unless he intended it, no one would feel pressure when interacting with him. 
Of course, this only applied to people who understood him. Others would always feel intimidated by Will, no matter what he did. 
Soon, they arrived at Elisa’s apartment. 
“Thank you.” Elisa was about to get out of the car, but unexpectedly, Will suddenly grabbed her arm.
###chapter427
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 427
Chapter 427 An Infuriating Headline 
Elisa looked at him with confusion. 
Will’s smile faded, and he looked at her solemnly. “Liz, I mean what I told you, but you never believe me. You are truly the only woman in my heart.” 
He looked at her with deep affection and devotion. 
Elisa’s gaze remained calm. She slowly extricated her arm and looked at him. “Will Darcey, it doesn’t matter what you say. I won’t believe a word. Even if what you said is true, I still won’t be with you. I will never be with you in this lifetime.” 
Will’s eyes flashed with hurt. He sighed helplessly and recovered his cheerful demeanor. Then, he smiled and said, “It seems the time is not right yet. You should head home and have an early rest.” 
He let her go without a fuss and seemed unaffected by her rejection. Elisa suddenly could not continue with what she wanted to say. 
After pausing for a moment, she still decided to say it. “Will, don’t waste your effort on me. I’ve already experienced a failed marriage, and I don’t wish to waste any more energy on this matter. Furthermore, we are not suited to each other and are not meant to be.” 
After saying this, Elisa did not linger but got out of the car and left. 
Will watched her walk away. His lips gradually curved into a smirk. He muttered, “Liz, you can’t escape me.” 
He was not in a hurry to leave but got out of his car and lit a cigarette.
Wispy cigarette smoke surrounded him. After a while, he looked up slowly and saw Elisa had turned on her living room light. Since she had gotten home, he snuffed the cigarette and tossed it into the trashcan before leaving. 
… 
The night grew deeper. 
Gareth was already home for some time. 
He was still in an irritable state as he was about to announce Linda and his engagement to the public. 
Furthermore, he feared Twitter was already full of discussion about it. 
He turned on his phone and logged into Twitter. 
However, he found something else trending other than the news of his engagement. The atmosphere of the room immediately turned tense. 
He surged with fury as he read the trending headline. 
Then, he clicked in and saw an infuriating post. 
—Conifers: Mr. Wickam is about to get engaged with his ex-wife’s cousin, while Mr. Darcey passionately pursues Mr. Wickam’s ex-wife. Did they plan this? 
The posts following it were even worst. 
—Slippy: Why do I keep feeling that Mr. Darcey is serious this time? I wonder if he manages to woo Elisa.
—Will Darcey: When was I ever unserious about pursuing Liz? 
—Mr. Darcey Is My Hubby: My goodness! Hubby, you respond to the post! Ahhh! You are really serious about it! 
—Will Darcey: If you can see how serious I am, please help me so that I can win Liz’s heart. 
—Sweet Autumn: Ahhh! Elisa is so lucky! I support Elisa and Mr. Darcey! Ahhh! 
Gareth could not stand reading another word and furiously threw his phone onto the coffee table. 
He still had mixed feelings after agreeing to his family’s request today. Furthermore, he was under a lot of pressure. He even thought about… 
Heh… Everything seems pointless. 
Gareth got up in a bad mood and went to the bathroom. 
Even the cold shower could not calm him down. Thus, he left the bathroom, put on his clothes, and rushed out of the house. 
At this moment, Elisa finished her bath and planned to go to bed. Unexpectedly, someone banged on the door.
###chapter428
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 428
Chapter 428 Torture Him 
Elisa’s expression darkened instantly. 
She knew there was only one person who would do this. 
Why is he here? 
Elisa dashed to the door and saw that it was indeed Gareth. She took a deep breath and had no choice but to open the door. 
Otherwise, he kept banging on the door and waking up the neighbors. 
Gareth turned sullen as soon as he saw Elisa’s cold and disdainful expression. 
Once he came in, Elisa closed the door and turned to face him. “Are you crazy?” 
Gareth looked at her sternly and said in a cold tone, “Elisa, you’re unbelievable.” 
Elisa frowned, but she suddenly recalled the matter on Twitter, prompting her to laugh. “Mr. Wickam, tell me if I’m wrong. Are you here to question me because you saw on Twitter about Will pursuing me?” 
Gareth was so furious that he felt an urge to strangle her. He grabbed her wrist. “I’ve warned you before! Stay away from him!” 
Elisa wrenched her hand from Gareth’s grip and sneered furiously. “Who do you think you are? You have no right to control me! I’m only tolerating you, for Grandma’s sake. Gareth, what makes you think you are so great?” 
Gareth’s eyes were bloodshot. He suddenly yelled her name, “Elisa!”
However, Elisa did not feel any fear. Instead, she was furious with him. She glared at him and said, “Gareth! My house is equipped with a surveillance system. If you don’t wish for Linda to see how you keep pestering me, you have better not come here again! This is my last warning to you!” 
“Warning?” Gareth snorted in anger. His gaze was murderous. 
“Elisa, your warning proves how blind I was to have married you!” 
Smack! 
Elisa raised her hand and gave him a hard slap. 
The force of her slap pushed his head to the side. 
Gareth turned to her immediately and glared at her with murderous rage. 
However, Elisa was not afraid. She stared at him, disregarded his burning rage, and scolded, “Yes! I do think you are quite blind! Are you so stupid as to not see what kind of person Linda is? I married a disgusting man like you and ruined my three years of youth. I even gave up my career for nothing. Gareth, falling in love with you and marrying you are the biggest regrets in my life! If not for my infatuation with you, my father wouldn’t have died! Get out! I don’t ever want to see you again!” 
A disgusting man? 
Gareth suddenly pushed her against the corner and trapped her with his body. He looked down and saw her eyes burning with rage. 
“Elisa, what makes you think saying this will make me let you go? You wasted my three years! Don’t ever think you will be free from me! You owe me!”
Elisa struggled but could not free herself because Gareth had trapped her in his embrace. She could only sneer at her situation. 
It was my fault for loving him. I won’t blame him for my stupidity. I am to blame for neglecting my father’s illness. 
After all, Gareth kept trying to chase me out and had never limited my freedom to leave. It was me who was the idiot! Why did I keep clinging to him? Was he even worth it? 
If I hadn’t done that, I would have paid more attention to those three people! Then, my father wouldn’t have been harmed… 
Elisa’s eyes suddenly turned red. 
She looked at Gareth as if he was her mortal enemy. “Get out! Get out now!” 
Then, she stopped caring and raised her feet, aiming a kick at his crotch.
###chapter429
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 429
Chapter 429 Will Is Ten Thousand Times Better Than You! 
Gareth noticed what she was up to. He immediately let go and retreated from her. Elisa saw how effective the move was and narrowed her eyes. If he dared to trap her again, she would not hesitate to kick him there. 
Then, Elisa sneered. “I was at fault for blindly believing those three people in the past. My father was too kind and allowed ravenous wolves into his midst. Whenever I look at you, I would remember the stupid things I did. Gareth, I don’t want to hate you. After all, I did everything of my own volition. However, it doesn’t mean that I won’t change my mind in the future and blame you for everything!” 
“I have a voice recorder and surveillance cameras. Everything that happened here is recorded. Gareth, if you don’t want Linda to see you with me, you have better leave now. Since you’re getting engaged, you should take responsibility and behave as a husband should. Didn’t she save your life?” 
Elisa’s gaze was filled with mockery. 
If she didn’t have to take revenge against Linda, letting Linda marry Gareth would seem like a good idea. Then, they would be enraptured by each other and stop disturbing her. 
However, she could not allow this. Linda and her family had done so much to harm her. She would make them pay tenfolds. 
Gareth felt his heart sink. 
He looked at Linda and felt a sudden pain in his heart, making it difficult for him to breathe. 
Has Elisa truly given up on me? 
Does she not love me anymore?
Gareth sneered in anger. “If you wish to have a smooth career, you have better stay away from him.” 
Elisa looked at him coldly. “Gareth, if you want the Wickam family to remain in peace, stop bothering me! Since you have no regard for your grandmother’s health, I have no reason to care! Believe it or not, even without Will, I can still shake up the almighty Wickam family!” 
She did not wish to bring down the Wickam family due to her concern for her grandmother’s health. However, it did not mean she would allow this man to threaten her. 
Gareth sneered. “You should give it a try then. But this is my final warning to you. If I see you with Will again, I will kick you out of Benett Corporation!” 
Elisa laughed and said, “Linda and her family have always been my enemies. They have always been trying to kick me out of Benett Corporation. Once you marry Linda, you will become my enemy too. Gareth, from now on, we are mortal enemies!” 
Gareth narrowed his eyes. 
He looked at Elisa in disbelief. He never expected her to say those words. 
Elisa looked at him coldly. “To be honest, Will is ten thousand times better than you. Even if he is a womanizer or has other weaknesses, at least he is willing to dedicate himself to me. What about you? You abused me since the beginning. I never received any warmth or comfort from you. Thus, I truly believe Will is ten thousand times better than you and more suitable to be a husband.” 
Gareth widened his eyes in a fury. 
The anger he fought so hard to suppress became ignited by Elisa’s words. His eyes burned with a rage that threatened to consume Elisa.
“Hah! Very well!” Gareth was so furious that he could not say anything else. However, for some reason, his chest was so painful that it hurt even when he breathed. 
He could not understand where this feeling came from. On the other hand, Elisa looked at him indifferently. “You can scram now. If you still won’t scram, I swear I will let Linda know all about your coming to my house. It would hurt you to see the woman who saved you suffer, wouldn’t it?”
###chapter430
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 430
Chapter 430 It Was Not Within Her Power 
Gareth looked at her coldly. “I don’t want to force you to a dead end, but if you keep disregarding your chances, don’t blame me for what I’m about to do!” 
Elisa sneered mockingly. “Whatever.” 
She knew Gareth would always side with Linda, and Linda would use Gareth’s authority against Elisa in the future. Thus, it was no different from Gareth acting against her. 
However, Elisa did not care anymore. 
She did not wish to be bothered by him. At the same time, the mockery in her gaze became even more obvious. 
Faced with her mocking glare, Gareth suddenly lost the courage to remain here. He had spoken so many cruel words to her that he had nothing to say anymore. 
Thus, he stormed out of the house without another glance at her. 
Elisa looked at the closed door and felt a brief sense of hesitation. What had happened just now felt like a nightmare and a hallucination. 
She leaned against the wall and felt on the verge of collapse. 
Then, she took a deep breath. It felt like the tiredness she had washed away during her bath returned again. She climbed onto the bed weakly and lay down. 
Elisa felt confused that night.
It was not because she could not let go of Gareth or was sad about his engagement. She just felt that life was tedious and wondered when he would finally stop bothering her. 
She was not sure whether Gareth would act against her. However, she had considered this carefully. If Gareth dared to harm her, she would not hold back. 
Worst come to worst, she would drag him down with her. 
Soon, it was time for the meeting that was held once every three days. 
The purpose of this meeting was to determine who would attend the collaboration meeting with Will. 
Elisa went in and sat quietly in her seat. She planned not to take part in this discussion and let the others say whatever they wanted. 
The shareholders were split into three sides. One of them took the middle ground while the other two kept arguing with each other. 
In the end, everyone looked at Elisa. 
Elisa looked at them calmly and asked, “Why are you all looking at me?” 
Norman felt irritated. It’s because you play a key role in this problem. Otherwise, why would we want to look at you? 
After a brief pause, Norman said, “Elisa, you know this project involves the significant interest of the company. Thus, we need someone with more experience to handle it. Do you have any ions?” 
“No,” Elisa answered straight away. But her confident demeanor prompted James and Jessie to smile.
Although she did not , it did not mean she was backing down. Her confidence showed that Will would not proceed with the project without her. 
Furthermore, everyone knew what Will had done recently. 
He appeared reserved, but he liked Elisa. Furthermore, Elisa was skilled. After all, she prepared the proposal. Her capabilities reminded everyone of her father. There was nothing that she could not do. 
Norman had a bad feeling about this. But since Elisa agreed readily, he had nothing else to say. 
Thus, he adjusted his emotions and smiled at Elisa. “I’m glad you understand. Marisa Morgan shall bring you to meet with Mr. Darcey. She will lead the team while you assist her in persuading Mr. Darcey. This is part of your duty.” 
In other words, he was forcing the responsibility for the success of the project on her. 
If Elisa failed, it meant she was incapable. 
Those who supported Elisa frowned and understood what Norman was implying. 
On the other hand, Elisa gave a vague smile and nodded. “Sure, but it is not up to me whether the project would succeed. I believe my abilities are nothing compared to Ms. Morgan.” 
James and Jessie smiled upon hearing her.
###chapter431
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 431
Norman was rendered speechless. 
What Elisa meant was she could not guarantee the success of the project, and the matter had nothing to do with her 
After all, they had praised Marisa so highly, as if she was many times better than Elisa. Thus, if Marisa could not succeed, it would be normal for Elisa to fail too 
Her words angered him, but he had no way to vent it. In the end, he swallowed his anger and nodded. “Just do your best.” 
Elisa smiled and nodded. “Good” 
Thus, the meeting came to an end. 
Then, Elisa followed a young and beautiful but mature-looking woman to Darcey Group. 
At this moment, Marisa was driving while Elisa sat in the front passenger seat. 
Marisa glanced at Elisa and gave a professional smile. “Ms. Benett, I might have to trouble you to act as a mediator in this matter.” 
Elisa nodded. “I will do what is within my responsibility. However, the success of this matter will have to depend on you, Ms. Morgan.” 
Marisa had no choice but to nod. “Sure, I’ll do my best.” 
Since Elisa was too stubborn and refused to say anything. Marisa gave up advising her.
Meanwhile, Elisa pulled out her phone and messaged Will. 
-Elisa is your assistant free? I’m heading to your company now. My company assigned Ms. Morgan to talk to you or your assistant 
-Will: You have to talk to me when you’re here. I’m in my office now. You can take the private elevator up here. 
Elisa’s gaze froze briefly. She replied in the affirmative before putting down her phone. 
Once they arrived at the company, Marisa turned to Elisa and asked kindly, “Ms. Benett, have you informed Mr. Darcey? Can we meet with his assistant?” 
Elisa nodded. “He said we can meet him straight away.” 
Marisa was rendered speechless. 
How nice it is to know someone powerful. I’m finally able to meet Will in person after so long. It’s all thanks to this woman he’s pursuing. 
Thus, Marisa nodded and did not say anything. 
The two of them spoke to the receptionist before heading to Will’s private elevator. 
None of the staff in Darcey Group dared to stop them. Even those who did not know the situation did not dare to voice it out. 
After all, they were looking at the famous Elisa Benett. 
Everyone knew how crazy Mr. Darcey was about pursuing her.
Thus, all the women in the company, whether they were married or single, nearly cried themselves blind over 
this. 
They were sad that their beloved Mr. Darcey became obsessed with another woman. 
At this moment, Marisa felt a little dazed and bewildered. 
Not only was she going to meet Mr. Darcey. She even got to use his private elevator without being stopped by any of the staff.. 
Although she knew it was due to Elisa’s influence, she could not help but feel incredulous about it. 
She kept feeling that she should be the one having such influence and receive good treatment. At the same. time, she wondered if she would ever receive such good fortune in her lifetime. 
Although Marisa was a key staff in her company, she still found it unbelievable that she was able to experience this moment. 
Marisa was still in a daze even when they reached Will’s office. 
Elisa knocked on the door. 
“Come in.” Will’s magnetic voice sounded. 
Marisa immediately came to her senses and tried her best to control her emotions. 
Elisa pushed open the door and found Will sitting on a couch, leaning back slightly. When he saw Elisa, he smiled kindly and said in a gentle tone, “You’re here.”
###chapter432
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 432
Marisa was dumbfounded. 
His tone alone made her feel like a third wheel. 
Will only had eyes for Elisa and did not even spare Marisa a glance. 
Marisa knew her place. Even if Will did not appear intimidating, she found it hard to breathe in his presence. 
Before coming here, she felt alright, even though she was not fully confident. But now, looking at this esteemed man, she could not stop her legs from shaking. 
Elisa gave a nod and took a seat opposite him. 
Marisa was rendered speechless. 
Elisa and Will’s interactions seemed so natural. 
Marisa had no choice but to follow Elisa awkwardly and sat beside her. Then, she greeted Will courteously, “Good afternoon, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will looked at her indifferently and gave a nod. 
Then, he turned to Elisa again. “What would you like to have for lunch? Want to have lunch together?” 
Elisa remained silent. 
Marisa felt awkward that Will completely ignored her presence. How can he not notice a person sitting right before him?
Elisa pursed her lips. “We should discuss business first.” 
Will arched an eyebrow and finally looked at Marisa. “If Elisa is not the one working with me, we have nothing to discuss.” 
Elisa gave a vague smile. “I don’t have enough experience. Mr. Darcey, you should consider other people.” 
Norman had said that Elisa must persuade Will, and it was her duty. 
Will pursed his lips. “What can I do? I only want you.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Marisa did not know what to say. Do I really have to negotiate the project? I’m doomed! 
But it was a task assigned to her by her superior, so she needed to complete it. She had no other options. 
Previously, during the meeting, she sensed she would face some difficulties with this matter. Now, she realized it was not as she thought. It seemed she was only here as Elisa’s driver. 
Marisa breathed in softly. She looked at Will and said stubbornly, “Mr. Darcey, I know you are close with Ms. Benett and admire her. However, this is a serious matter. Will you be willing to reconsider?” 
“No.” Will rejected it immediately. At the same time, he looked at Elisa again. “The places I brought you to recently are more commonplace. Recently, I found a new restaurant where the food is good and authentic. Want to give it a try for lunch?” 
Elisa’s expression darkened slightly. “Mr. Darcey, can we focus on the business matter?” 
Will frowned unhappily. “I’ve told you before. Call me Will.”
Elisa was rendered speechless. She knew he deliberately behaved this way. 
Meanwhile, Marisa parted her lips but was too stunned to speak. She felt uncomfortable. 
How am I supposed to negotiate like this? 
She was so embarrassed that her face felt hot. Furthermore, she was on the verge of losing her composure. 
Marisa breathed in deeply and tried to control her emotions. She smiled at Will professionally. 
“Mr. Darcey, I believe…” 
However, Will interrupted her before she could finish speaking, “Don’t waste your breath. We have nothing to discuss.” 
Marisa was rendered speechless. 
Then, Will focused on Elisa again. 
Elisa closed her eyes in frustration. “You mustn’t talk about something unrelated to work again!” 
Will frowned and turned to Marisa. Although he did not say anything, his message was obvious. 
How long will you remain here? 
Marisa’s smile stiffened. She could not say anything at this moment. However, her superiors had assigned her this task. She had no choice but to continue stubbornly.
###chapter433
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 433
Will would not listen no matter what Marisa said. All he wanted was to have a date with Elisa. 
Elisa had tried to persuade him a few times, but Marisa could see that Will refused to agree. Furthermore, he seemed to be infatuated with love. It felt like all he cared about was the chance to work with Elisa. He did not care whether the deal would be profitable. 
In the end, Marisa gave up. It was time for a lunch break. 
Elisa took her bag and planned to leave, but Will immediately grabbed her wrist. 
“Didn’t I say I’ll take you out for lunch? Where are you going?” 
“I don’t want…” 
Before Elisa could finish speaking, Marisa, who was sick of being with them, interrupted her, “I have some other matter, so I’ll leave first. Please proceed without me.” 
Will seemed pleased with this. His attitude and tone toward Marisa improved slightly. “Please go ahead.” 
Marisa was stunned. 
Since she entered the office, this was the first time he looked at her directly. She finally got to see his face up close. 
Marisa forced a smiled and nodded before turning around. 
Her smile disappeared instantly, and she strode out of the office.
By now, she had lost the sense of disbelief she had when she came here. Previously, she believed she was someone important, but now, she felt like an annoying pest that everyone detested. 
Elisa immediately pulled her arm away. She looked at Will with a smirk and said, “You did it deliberately.” 
“Yes, it was deliberate.” Will’s smile grew wider. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Will stared at her and said kindly, “It’s because I fear I might lose you if I don’t do something.” 
Elisa was stunned. 
She looked at Will incredulously. What is he playing at? 
Will continued to look at her affectionately. “Liz, you went on a business trip with him previously. Last night, he went to find you again. If I don’t do something, won’t I lose you forever?” 
His tone was gentle, but there was a sense of pressure. Although it was not enough to annoy her, she felt a sense of being trapped. Thus, she breathed in softly and took a step back. 
He knew Gareth had gone to find her yesterday. 
At this moment, his tenderness and earnest expression made her wish to stay away. 
If he had been pretending since the beginning to use her for his purpose, it meant he was a tremendously good actor. She almost believed him. 
No, she did believe that he liked her, but her logic told her that men like Will would never love a divorcee.
Elisa turned away and refused to look at him. 
At the same time, she said calmly, “Wi…” 
“What did you call me?” 
Will was more proactive than a moment ago. He raised his hand to hold her waist, but Elisa noticed it and immediately took a step back. 
She looked into his deep-set eyes and blushed slightly before saying, “Will Darcey! Get hold of yourself!” 
Will’s eyes flashed, but he did not speak. 
In the end, he sighed and said, “Never mind. I would rather you call me by my full name than Mr. Darcey.” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She did not want to talk to him again, but Will grabbed her hand. “Let’s go out for lunch.” 
Elisa became alert and started to struggle again. However, Will looked at her with a smile and said gently, “If you have lunch with me, I won’t touch you.”
###chapter434
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 434
Elisa appeared defeated. She hesitated for a moment and nodded. “Sure, I’ll go with you.” 
They had already come to this point and would need to work together on many more matters in the future. It meant Elisa would have to get along with him for a few months. Thus, she agreed to go. It was only lunch 
anyway. 
Will’s smile became even more apparent. “Let’s go. We can check out the place first. If you don’t like it, we can go somewhere else.” 
Elisa did not say anything but followed him outside.. 
Will brought her to a restaurant and reserved the whole place as usual. He also behaved like a gentleman and took care of her throughout their meal. 
For a second, even Elisa began to suspect that she was on a date with him. 
Otherwise, why did they keep interacting this way? 
She knew they could be trending on Twitter again. Things would always get complicated whenever she and Will met. 
However, it felt like she was used to such a life. 
Will noticed she was engrossed in her thought. He arched his thick and well-shaped eyebrows and parted his alluring lips. “What are you thinking?” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed briefly. She looked toward Will.
“When will you give up and stop wasting your time on me.” 
Will’s dark pupils seemed to tremble slightly like waves in the sea before gradually calming down. 
Then, he said gently, “Why would it be a waste of time?” 
Elisa looked down but did not say anything. 
After a while, she put down her cutleries. She was done eating. 
Will frowned slightly. “You ate too little.” 
“I’m not hungry today.” She was telling the truth. After all, she would never starve herself. Even if she was in a bad mood, she would make sure to eat until she was full. 
Will knew about her character and did not persuade her. 
He glanced at the silver watch on his wrist. 
Elisa followed his line of sight and said, “You seem to cherish this watch.” 
She had interacted with Will many times, so naturally, she noticed a few things. 
Although he frequently wore royal blue suits, he almost never repeated the same style. 
He would wear different ties, bows, and various shirts. One could see that he disliked monotony and repetition. 
However, he would always wear the same watch. 
Will looked at her and said expectantly, “It’s because no one buys me a watch. Would you like to gift me one?”
Elisa’s smile did not reach her eyes. “No thank you, I’m broke.” 
A woman only gifts a watch to the man she loves. 
In the past, she was na?ve and bought a watch for Gareth, only for him to smash it. 
Thus, she would not gift him another one. 
Perhaps Will would wear the watch if she gifted him one. However, they were not in a relationship. 
Thus, there was no need to gift him one. 
After lunch, Elisa planned to return. 
She looked at Will. He already guessed her intention before she said anything. “There’s still a lot of time before you have to go back to work. There’s a break room here. You can go in to rest for a while.” 
Will got up as he was speaking and went to open a door at the side. 
Elisa saw it was a clean and tidy room with a double bed. 
She frowned. “I won’t be using it. My lunch break is not that long, so I need to head back.” 
Will sighed in resignation. “Sure. I’ll send you back.” 
Elisa paused in her tracks and turned to look at him.
###chapter435
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 435
“I won’t be going back yet. I still need to deal with another matter.” 
She had another collaboration plan left. 
Thus, she wanted to head to that place this afternoon. 
Elisa could not help but feel impressed with Lily, the assistant manager of her department. She managed to find so many difficult people who were in charge of the projects. 
At least Anita was easier to deal with. She liked the plan Elisa had prepared. Furthermore, Elisa helped her with the matter concerning her son, so Anita was more amicable. 
However, the same could not be said for another collaboration project. 
Sean Jordan was famous for being a stubborn old man. 
He was fifty this year and was a high-ranking executive in his company. Furthermore, he was famous for being astute and had numerous good achievements. Many companies wished to recruit talent like him, but he would not be swayed and would only serve the Henly Group. 
If he liked the plan, he would naturally accept it. But if he disliked it, he would not be bothered and would reject it immediately without explanation. 
Coincidentally, Elisa’s plan was the kind Sean hated. 
Even if she made amendments, she could only amend them according to the project. But Sean still did not like it. 
Unfortunately, Sean was the only one who could implement the plan. There was no one else.
“Are you going to meet with Sean?” Will looked at her closely. 
Elisa was stunned for a moment and turned to Will. “What else do you know?” 
Will laughed. “I still abide by professional ethics, so don’t worry. I don’t know the contents of your plan.” 
Elisa regarded him carefully but did not say anything. She remained calm. 
“I’ll be going.” 
Will did not stop her this time but said calmly, “Where are you going? I’ll send you there. I have to drive anyway.” 
Elisa hesitated for a moment before saying, “Mardi House.” 
Will arched his eyebrows and smiled. “Let’s go.” 
As soon as one hears the name ‘Mardi House’, one would know it is a recreation center that the elderly likes to go. Mr. Jordan was only fifty, but he liked going there. Most people would not think they were old in their fifties. 
Elisa and Will did not speak on the way to Mardi House. It seemed they had said all they had to say while in the restaurant. 
Once they arrived, Elisa turned to Will. “Thank you.” 
Will arched an eyebrow and looked at her with a vague smile. “I’m more than willing to help out. I’m happy to send you anywhere next time. Would you like to consider my service?” 
Elisa smirked slightly. “Unfortunately, I can’t afford to hire you. I’ll be heading off first.”
After saying that, she closed the car door before Will had another chance to tease her. 
Soon, Elisa entered Mardi House. 
It was a large recreation center. 
She walked in and saw a few young people. Most of them were there to accompany their elders. 
Elisa searched for Sean based on what she knew about his interest. She headed toward the sixth floor. 
The sixth floor was a place dedicated to slot machines. 
As one would know, slot machines were no longer popular. However, Mardi House had a large area dedicated to it and had all kinds of slot machines. 
Thus, she knew Sean would be here to play with them. 
Elisa entered the hall and immediately found Sean among the crowd. He stood before a slot machine with a tight frown and pressed the red button. It seemed he had lost and was in a bad mood. 
Elisa did not bother him immediately but stayed to observe him. He pulled the slot machine more than a dozen times and finally won once. Once he began to relax his brow, Elisa walked toward him.
###chapter436
Chapter 436
Sean did not find it strange when he sensed someone near him.He did not check who it was. 
After all, he was in a recreation center. 
It was normal for people to watch others play. 
Thus, Sean assumed Elisa was only watching him play. 
Elisa stood before him and did not say anything.She found his interest quite fascinating. 
However, he had pulled eight times continuously without winning anything. 
Furthermore, he had only enough tokens to play one more time. 
Elisa chuckled when she saw Sean's expression darken. 
"Sir, can I play once for you? If I win, the winning is yours.But if I lose, I'll compensate ten times the tokens used.Do you believe me if I say I will win this time?" 
Her confident and crisp voice prompted Sean to turn and look at her. 
When he saw how young she was, he was amused. 
"Miss, it is not good to be so arrogant at such a young age." 
Elisa smiled and replied, "Will you let me try then?" 
Sean took a step to the right and said coolly, "Come here.Let's see how you do." 
Elisa smiled and nodded.
"Choosing me will be your wisest decision." 
Her words alluded to something.But Sean was amused. 
"It's only a game.What does it have to do with being wise?" 
He looked at Elisa closely and believed she was a naive girl who had never experienced real-world challenges. 
Otherwise, she would not have spoken so arrogantly. 
Elisa stood before the slot machine and read the screen carefully.Her smile faded. 
Sean narrowed his eyes slightly and saw how focused she was. 
It changed his perception of her slightly. 
Elisa raised her hand and gently pressed one of the buttons. 
The reels on the screen began to run. 
Sean stared at the screen and ordered, "Press now!" 
However, Elisa did not obey but continued to observe. 
Sean pursed his lips. 
J shouldn't have believed this girl. 
It's normal that she didn't press the button. 
Once she misses that window of opportunity, the game is as good as lost.
As he was about to look away, Elisa suddenly moved and pressed the button. 
The screen showed that Elisa had won. 
Sean widened his eyes in shock and looked at the screen in disbelief.She won one hundred with a single pull. 
"What the heck?" 
Sean could not help but exclaim. 
He looked at the screen closely and discovered the tokens he had lost had come back out. 
Elisa stood straight and turned to Sean. 
"See, I wasn't lying." 
"You were lucky!" 
Sean answered without thinking, "It must be good luck.Based on what happened just now, it was impossible for you to win." 
However, Elisa smiled and said, "Sir, why don't we make a bet" 
"What are we betting?" 
Sean seemed interested. 
Elisa considered and answered with a smile, "If I win three more times consecutively, it will prove I'm not only depending on good luck, right?" 
Sean frowned slightly.
"That won't do.Luck comes in three.You need to win five times." 
She had already won once just now.thuy He believed it was impossible for her to win another five times unless she had some tricks up her sleeves." 
Elisa considered. 
"Sure.What will you do if you lose?" 
"If I lose..." 
Sean was stunned and did not know what to bet. 
After considering for a while, he said, "If you win that many times, I'll give you all the tokens and the card" 
However, Elisa shook her head. 
"This bet is meaningless."
###chapter437
Chapter 437
Sean was stunned.She's right.If she's truly that skilled, why would she need these tokens? He looked at her. 
"What do you wish to bet then?" 
Elisa considered for a moment before answering with a smile, "If I win, you have to buy me five meals" 
Sean was astounded. 
He looked at her with confusion. 
"Are meals all you want?" Elisa smiled. 
"Yes, I haven't settled my dinner plans yet.Will you be free tonight, sir?" 
Sean had to look at her closely.He felt there was something strange about her and believed she approached him for a reason. 
"Miss, what is your reason for approaching me?" 
Elisa smirked and said, "Sir, I just want you to buy me a few meals.Are you scared?" 
From what she had heard, Sean was not afraid of someone challenging him. 
As she expected, Sean snorted with disdain. 
"What kind of joke is this? Why would I be afraid?" Elisa chuckled. 
"That's settled then.If I lose, what would you want me to do?"
Sean narrowed his eyes. 
"If you lose, you have to tell me your reason for approaching me." Elisa smiled. 
"It's a promise." 
It would not be wise to refuse at this moment. 
Since she first appeared, Sean could sense her determination. 
Furthermore, it would be even more suspicious if she pretended to know nothing. 
Thus, she might as well do this, and it would also not annoy Sean too much. 
Then, both of them watched the screen again. 
Since they were betting, Sean wanted to know what she was up to. 
Thus he did not say anything.He feared if he told her when to push the button, she might win. 
However, after five rounds, Sean had turned from surprised to shock.He was now in a state of disbelief.He looked at Elisa and asked, "How did you do it?" 
In reality, slot machines were usually unfair. 
There were many instances where the shop owners tempered them. 
Thus, it would be impossible for someone to win so many times. 
Who is this girl? He looked at Elisa suspiciously. 
"How the heck did you do that?"
"I can tell you if you wish to know" 
"Tell me now" 
Sean was excited. 
However, Elisa could not resist a chuckle and said, "In that case, you should treat me to a meal.I'll tell you a part of it.I will reveal it to you gradually in five parts." 
Sean was rendered speechless.This girl is full of schemes.She's too sly!But she also reminds me of my youngest daughter. 
"Sure, what time tonight?" 
"What about after you finish work?" 
Sean was stunned. 
Although it was an ordinary question, he was certain that she knew what his job was. 
Sean observed her carefully and said calmly, "Miss, why don't you tell me now what you want from me? There's no need to drag until we have five meals together" 
Elisa's eyes flashed with a hint of loneliness.thuy She smiled and said, "I know, but I'm fond of you, sir.My father has passed away, and you look very much like him.Elisa was not lying. 
Sean and her father looked similar. 
Of course, she was talking about their appearance and not their personality. 
Sean was stunned.
A moment later, he said softly, "Sure, I'll buy you a meal tonight.I leave work at around five-thirty.What about you?" 
"I'm fine any time as long as it is convenient for you.Here's my business card." 
She handed her business card to Sean with both hands.
###chapter438
Chapter 438
Sean looked down at the card and was stunned to see the name on it.He looked at her immediately. 
"Are you Elisa Benett?" Elisa smiled. 
"Yes, sir" 
"You're Elisa Benett, the famous lawyer?" 
Sean seemed even more astounded as he looked at Elisa. 
Furthermore, knowing her name confirmed that Elisa was not lying.He was aware of how much he resembled her father. 
"In that case, you must have wanted to talk to me about the temporary cooperation project." 
Elisa smiled, "Sir, why don't we have a meal first? We can discuss later on whether to work together." 
Sean did not know what Elisa was up to.However, he pitied her for having lost her father, so he nodded. 
"Sure, I have to head to work.I'll call you after work" 
"Sure, thank you, sir." 
Elisa’s eyes were full of gratitude. 
However, she could not help but feel dazed whenever she looked at him.She was barely able to control her emotions and stop herself from mistaking him for her father.She really missed her father at this moment.
Elisa stood dazed as she looked at Sean's back profile. 
Unbeknownst to her, someone watched all her interactions with Sean in the control room.He could even see the moment she was dazed and missed her father. 
When she looked down, he began to feel down too. 
However, someone suddenly snorted behind him. 
"Will you still won't admit it? You regret what you did" 
Vincent's tone carried a hint of mockery. 
Gareth immediately regained his senses and turned off the surveillance footage. 
"I only wanted to see what tricks she was up to." 
After saying that, he sneered coldly. 
There's no way I would regret it.Elisa has always been a devious person. 
Why should JL regret getting rid of someone like her?What is there to regret? Vincent was rendered speechless. 
He looked at Gareth and said, "One day, you will cry over it until you run out of tears.We have advised you many times, but you insist on being stubborn.If you don't like her, then stop watching her in secret.You kept saying that you wished to repay Linda.In that case, you should marry her soon" 
Gareth frowned again. 
"We're getting engaged next month"
Vincent snorted coldly. 
"Engagement means nothing.You need to register the marriage." 
Gareth glanced at him coldly but did not say anything. 
However, his expression implied what Vincent said was childish. 
Garcth did not wish to hear another word from him, so he went out straight away. 
As soon as he came out of the elevator, he saw Elisa and Sean walking side by side. 
Will furrowed his brow. 
The uncomfortable feeling in his heart began again. 
Vincent appeared beside Will and seemed pleased. 
"Take a look at that.After you divorced Flisa, she seems to have flourished.It must have been a blessing for her" 
Gareth suddenly gave off a chilling aura.thuy However, Vincent was not afraid but chuckled, "She is surrounded by beautiful man, and a few of them loves her.Furthermore, her career is growing.Don't you think you wasted her youth when she was married to you?" 
Gareth frowned tightly.He glared at Vincent coldly. 
"Would it kill you to shut up?" 
On the other hand, Vincent was amused.
"Since you find my words annoying, it means my words have reached your heart.Gareth, you should consider this matter carefully." 
Gareth pursed his lips and ignored Vincent. 
However, Vincent's words triggered something in his heart.
###chapter439
Chapter 439
It triggered a wave of emotions in Gareth's heart.His frustration also grew in intensity.He took a deep breath and tried his best to suppress them. 
However, it was not as easy as he thought. 
For the whole afternoon, he remained unfocused even as he dealt with work. 
Bam! Gareth slammed his fist on the table. 
The meeting room fell into pin-drop silence. 
The person presenting a report turned pale with fear. 
His hands shook, and the document he was holding dropped onto the table with a loud splat. 
The noise pulled Gareth back to his senses. 
He realized he was in the midst of a meeting. 
The person presenting the report was on the verge of tears. 
His legs shook so much that he could barely stand. 
Furthermore, the chilling atmosphere in the room made him dizzy. 
Gareth frowned and said coldly, "Continue." 
The person trembled.He wants me to continue?Isn't he dissatisfied with my report? His face turned pale with fright, and he stuttered, "I...I'm done’ Gareth furrowed his brow and considered for a moment before saying, "Please repeat it one more time."
The person presenting the report was rendered speechless. 
Is this hell? Can someone please save me? The others secretly breathed a sigh of relief and were thankful that they were not in his position. 
Thomas looked at Gareth and knew what was going on with him. 
He paused for a moment and said to the man giving the report, "You just have to repeat it one more time based on what you said before." 
What Thomas meant was Mr.Wickam was preoccupied with something else, and it was not the staff's fault. 
Gareth pursed his lips and remained silent.He looked intimidating.His chilling aura spread throughout the meeting room. 
Many people instinctively tightened their collars. 
Why is the office suddenly so cold? It's not winter. 
Everyone wore half-sleeved shirts. 
They were so cold that goosebumps formed on their arms. 
Today was similar to the other day when Gareth was in a bad mood.He shot down many of their proposals. 
The company air seemed to linger with the smell of a smoking gun and looked like the aftermath of a war. 
Many of the staff had no choice but to ‘volunteer’ to work overtime.
It was because Gareth had announced that anyone whose proposal was rejected had to prepare another one to Gareth’s satisfaction within three days. 
A few of them were on the verge of tears from the stress. 
There were also people who had arranged to meet with friends or go on a date with their girlfriends. 
They had no choice but to cancel, angering their girlfriends such that they threatened breakup. 
At this moment, an IT guy sat before his computer and typed a bunch of codes non-stop. 
At the same time, he could not resist cursing Gareth. 
Mr.Wickam deserves to be single! Ms. 
Benett is right to divorce him! People like him should remain single forever! Meanwhile, in Benett Residence, Linda and her mother sat on the couch and chatted. 
Rose looked at her daughter kindly and could not resist praising, "My daughter is beautiful. 
Once it is your wedding, you shall be the most beautiful bride in the world." 
Linda smiled, but she suddenly looked at her mother with a worried expression. 
"I keep feeling that something is wrong." 
Rose looked at her. 
"Are you still worried that Gareth likes Elisa?"thuy Linda frowned. 
"Recently, I don't dare to bother him, but he never calls me even once.Now, I don't dare to hope that he loves me.I just wish that he is willing to marry me.However, I feel his patience for me has reduced
considerably.If this goes on, I..." 
Linda could not bring herself to continue and did not know what to say. 
Rose held her hand and looked at her firmly, "You must stay calm." 
However, Linda's phone rang as soon as Rose finished speaking.
###chapter440
Chapter 440
Rose saw the call on Linda’s phone and smiled delightedly. 
"See, isn't he calling you now." 
Linda's face flushed instantly.She replied shyly, "Mom..." 
Linda chuckled and said, "Alright, you should answer his call.I will go out and give you some privacy" 
After saying that, Rose got up with a smile and left. 
Once the door was closed, Linda breathed in and answered the call nervously.She and Gareth rarely spoke these days. 
Gareth also treated her differently from before and was a lot less patient than he was. 
Thus, she did not dare to act recklessly as she did. 
"Gary, are you busy?" 
It was four something in the afternoon. 
There was more than an hour before he finished work. 
"How's your recovery?" 
Gareth's voice was flat as usual. 
Linda smiled and said, "I've mostly recovered.Gary, don't worry about me.She had always spoken to him in such a kind and understanding manner so as not to pressure him.But when they met, she would show him her determined side, causing him to pity her.
Thus, Linda did the same thing repeatedly. 
In the past, Gareth would tell her to take care of herself. 
But he did not say this today but asked, "Are you free tonight? Let's have dinner." 
Linda stopped caring about anything else.Her heart instantly soared with delight. 
This would be their first time meeting after their engagement. 
Thus, it was unsurprising that she was elated. 
Therefore, why would she not agree? 
"Sounds good.Where should I meet you?" 
Linda was only asking to seem considerate.thuy She knew Gareth would always come to pick her up. 
Unfortunately, she was wrong this time. 
Gareth answered, "I'll send you the address.You can go there at six but don't go too early." 
Linda's smile turned stiff. 
However, she thought it was a good thing that he asked her out for dinner, so she smiled and said, "Alright, see you later." 
"Sure.Gareth did not say anything else but hung up straight away.Soon, Gareth sent her the address.Linda kept telling herself not to overthink and immediately went to dress herself up.She was going to meet Gareth tonight, so she needed to make herself beautiful so that he would love her even more.She firmly believed her effort would bear fruit one day, and Gareth would eventually fall completely in love with her.
While Linda was preoccupied at home with her date with Gareth, she had no idea that Benett Corporation was in a mess. 
At this moment, the company organized another meeting for the senior management of the company. 
They did not invite Elisa this time. 
Marisa seemed sullen and a little anxious. 
"Sir, this is the gist of the situation.I had no chance to speak throughout the meeting..." 
If they weren't in a formal meeting, she would have explained in detail how she was forced to witness Mr.Darcey flirting with Elisa.She could not stand bearing the humiliation alone. 
Furthermore, she was still single. 
As a single woman, she hated such public displays of affection the most. 
Moreover, Mr.Darcey was such a fine man. 
She felt sick with jealousy. 
Elisa was a divorcee, but Mr.Darcey treated her like a precious jewel.thuy Marisa could not help but feel envious. 
Norman was also in a bad mood. 
Those who were against Elisa had sullen expressions. 
Calvin said solemnly, "I need this joint venture with Darcey Group, but Will insists on dealing with Elisa only.Nothing we said could convince him otherwise.So what should we do?"
###chapter441
Chapter 441
Another shareholder, Wayde Jenning, hesitated for a moment before saying helplessly, "Based on the present situation, if Mr.Darcey refuses to deal with anyone else, we have no choice but to let Elisa represent us.This is the only option.It is a highly profitable project, so can you all bear to give it up? Furthermore, Darcey Group is the only company we can collaborate with for this project." 
Jeanne Serres frowned and seemed to disagree. 
"Do we have to work with Darcey Group? Can't we work with Wickam Group instead?" 
Norman was stunned.He turned to Jeanne immediately. 
Meanwhile, Jeanne looked at him too and said solemnly, "Mr.Benett, we are all concerned with our interests.Since Elisa wishes to take over Benett Group, we must not hand over the company's future to this immature br*t." 
Norman nodded in agreement. 
"That's right.Benett Corporation cannot withstand any turmoil at this moment.Furthermore, we are in the midst of a breakthrough, so we can't allow any mistakes." 
Jeanne nodded again. 
"Therefore, I believe we don't have to work with Darcey Group.Since Darcey Group refuses to agree with us, we can bring this project to Wickam Group." 
Wayde was a little doubtful. 
"But...Will Wickam Group be willing to invest?"
Jeanne looked at him. 
"It's a good project. 
Everyone believes profit is guaranteed.We can also invest to gain more shares. 
Thus, Wickam Group does not have to be the sole investor."She spoke earnestly and managed to convince the others. 
Calvin hesitated for a moment and said, "But...It's an investment that costs hundreds of billions.If we can't contribute half of the investment, we would seem insincere.However, even a third of the investment would cost us a huge sum.Our company doesn't have that much liquidity" 
Everyone fell silent and seemed at a loss, After all, the investment needed was astronomical. 
The atmosphere in the room became stilted. 
Jeanne considered for a moment before saying, "We should give it a try.Otherwise, how do we know it won't work? Furthermore, Mr.Benett, your daughter will be getting engaged to Mr.Wickam soon.Wouldn't it be good to also secure his collaboration in this project?" 
Norman's expression turned stiff.He was still conflicted about the matter. 
Calvin added immediately, "That's right.If Wickam Group is willing to invest all the necessary funds, we might not have to work with Darcey Group anymore." 
Wayde furrowed his brow and seemed hesitant. 
"But you all must keep in mind that if we do this, we will offend Darcey Group.Darcey Group and Wickam Group are fierce rivals."
Everyone became silent again and did not know how they should proceed. 
However, Jeanne said calmly, "We shouldn't have to worry about offending him.Elisa does not have much experience in business matters.If she were in charge of legal matters, I would have nothing to say.However, we have to act responsibly.A business collaboration is a matter of mutual benefit.Since Mr.Darcey refused to agree to our proposal, we have no choice but to do this for the sake of our company's interest and reputation." 
Her words made sense, so no one could argue against her. 
Everyone considered the matter earnestly. 
Calvin could not help but nod in agreement. 
"That's right.We can secretly discuss with Mr.Wickam about this first without having to go through Elisa.I believe...It is best to hand over this matter to your daughter" 
Everyone immediately turned to Norman.
###chapter442
Chapter 442
Norman paused for a while before he nodded and said, "Alright.I'll talk to Linda about this matter.But if Mr.Wickam demands us to pay, how much do you think we should offer?" 
While the executives started an intense discussion about the question, Elisa was waiting for Sean's call in the office.It was almost time to knock off from work. 
A few minutes later, she received a message from Sean. 
'Ms.Elisa, Sean Jordan here.Please come to the original location when you get off from work.I'll see you there: Elisa replied to the message and put down the phone.Kira cast an admiring gaze at Elisa and said, "Elisa, are you working on the last project already?" 
Elisa nodded. 
"Yeah." Kira asked with a smile, "How do you feel? Are you confident?" 
Elisa smiled and replied, "I have no idea.We'll see." 
"You're too humble.I'm waiting to see you continue performing miracles.Currently, everyone in the office is working hard thanks to your smashing success.Many of them are inspired by you.Due to your motivation, our team's performance has increased greatly!" 
"Has it?" 
Elisa hummed lightly as she had no intention to continue the topic. 
On the other hand, Kira seemed to be in a great mood and was babbling away. 
After they chatted for a while, it was time to knock off.
After clocking out, Elisa took her handbag and left. 
As soon as she arrived at her destination, her phone rang. 
Although it was an unknown incoming caller ID, Elisa could recognize that it was Sean's phone number, so she answered the call immediately. 
"Hi, Uncle Sean." 
"Hey, have you arrived?" 
"Yeah.I've just parked my car at a nearby basement car park.I'm heading over now." 
"Okay." 
After hanging up, Elisa locked her car and walked toward the entrance. 
When she saw Sean who was checking the time on his watch, she walked up and asked, "Hi Uncle Sean, do you have something else to attend to today?" 
Sean put on a smile. 
"No, I'm just used to checking the time.Let's go" 
Elisa was punctual, so he wasn't upset about anything. 
"Sure." 
Elisa hummed politely. 
Thereafter, the two headed to the restaurant.
However... 
What were the odds! Of course, only Elisa and Linda thought so. 
Elisa furrowed her brows when the couple came into sight. 
Ugh! Tough luck! Meanwhile, there was a sudden change in Linda's expression too when she saw Elisa. 
Damn it! Why am I constantly bumping into this b*tch wherever I go?! In the past, Linda couldn't wait to bump into Elisa because she could sow discord between her and Gareth, but now, all she wanted was to avoid Elisa because Elisa had become the one sowing discord between her and Gareth in return! Not only that, Elisa was able to control Gareth most of the time. 
So, Linda was terrified of Elisa! She and Gareth were about to get engaged soon — the last thing she wanted was for Elisa to ruin their engagement. 
Linda quickly looked at Gareth to realize his cold gaze had indeed fixed on Elisa. 
Linda was devastated. 
If she could, she would drag Gareth away and eat at another place. 
But they had already bumped into Elisa, and there was nothing she could do about it!
###chapter443
Chapter 443
Linda kept her shirt on and squeezed a grin at Flisa. 
"Hey Elisa, I didn't expect to see you here.This man is…?" 
Linda was startled when she saw Sean's face — it felt as if Elisa's father had come to live. 
Ignoring Gareth and Linda, Elisa turned to look at Sean with a faint smile. 
"Uncle Sean, let's go in." 
Sean had no intention of meddling with Elisa's private affair, so he nodded in consent. 
Linda's smile stiffened, but she soon smirked smugly. 
Go ahead and ignore me, Elisa. 
Garry will see how impolite you are! However, as soon as Elisa and Sean were about to leave, Gareth blurted, "Hi, Mr.Sean." 
Linda's expression froze. 
She... 
Sean halted his step and spun to face Gareth. 
"How can I help you, Mr.Wickam?" 
Sean didn't feel pressured even though Gareth addressed him by his first name. 
Sean was a stubborn man who had his own ambition.
In fact, Gareth, too, had once attempted to headhunt him, and many others well respected Sean.He was extremely capable and talented.He had represented the country to participate in several contests, in all of which he gained the championship. 
As such, he had helped the country gain fame. 
Many people held Sean in high esteem and referred to him politely as 'Mr.Jordan’. 
It was not just a common address but an honorific title. 
Elisa frowned and finally shot a fierce glare at Gareth. 
Before this, Gareth had said that he would sabotage her plan. 
At the same time, she had warned Gareth that she would destroy him at all costs if he dared to cross the line. 
Gareth didn't even spare a glance at Elisa but uttered politely to Sean, "What a rare opportunity to bump into you, Mr.Sean.Since we're all here for dinner, why don't we eat together?" 
Elisa's expression turned ghastly as she knitted her brows. 
What is this jerk trying to do? Although many have tried to headhunt Sean, all of them gave up, as did Gareth. 
But what on earth is he doing now? Linda became flustered too. 
Didn't Garry bring me out for a dinner date tonight? Why is he inviting two other people to join us? This can't be a coincidence! Indeed, women generally had strong instincts, especially when it was a bad hunch.
Linda had a feeling that Gareth had used her as an excuse! Sean was startled for a moment, but he firmly rejected the invitation the next second. 
"No, thanks.I'm having dinner with Ms.Benett today.We can eat together next time if there's a chance’ Elisa stared at Gareth coldly and did not say anything, neither did she provoke him. 
Standing quietly beside Sean, she soon averted her gaze. 
In fact, Gareth had expected to be rejected, but he still continued relentlessly, "All of us are no strangers to each other, why can't we eat together? Besides, I have something to ask you.Your wife came to look for me today." 
Sean stared at Gareth in surprise and blurted, "My wife?" 
What on earth is this woman up to again? Gareth nodded. 
"Yeah.There's a matter which I need your consent to decide whether I should do it or not." 
Linda was flustered. 
Am I overthinking? Is this really a coincidence? Sean frowned. 
Although he was eager to find out what his wife did, he decided to seek his wife's consent before exposing anything. 
So, he looked at Gareth and said indifferently, "Mr.Wickam, I didn't know that my wife went to see you.You don't have to do anything for her.I already have an appointment today, so I'll see you next time."
###chapter444
Chapter 444
Sean knew that Gareth would expect something in return from anyone whom he offered help. 
As such, he would owe Gareth a favor if he received help from him this time. 
Sean was incisive and one of a kind. 
If Gareth was able to employ someone like him, he wouldn't have to worry about the company anymore. 
Meanwhile, Elisa was relieved when Sean rejected Gareth's multiple invitations because she didn't want to be associated with Gareth in any way. 
Gareth shot a cold glance at Elisa. 
This time, he didn't continue pushing but asked calmly, "I see.What about after your appointment then?" 
Startled, Sean thought about it and nodded. 
"Okay.See you later." 
Linda was devastated. 
Initially, she wanted to go on a movie date with Gareth after the dinner, but now...She was rendered speechless. 
Little did she know that Gareth’s real intention was not to bring her out for a date tonight, but he merely used her as a mark.Sean smiled at Elisa and said, "Let's go, girl."
A smile rested at Elisa's lips as she hummed, "Sure? She didn't spare a glance at the two and had completely ignored Linda throughout the encounter.Gareth stared intently at Elisa as she left with Sean.His gaze was so sharp that it was as if it could pierce Elisa's body. 
"Garry?" 
Linda became more anxious. 
Gareth regained his senses and looked at her indifferently, "Let's go in." 
With that, he entered the lift after Sean and Elisa. 
The frustrated Linda had no choice but to follow suit. 
Her original good mood was completely ruined. 
There were six people in the lift, two of which were the attendants who were showing them the way. 
Standing beside Sean with her eyes downcast, Elisa had no intention of speaking. 
Meanwhile, Gareth emanated a hostile aura and shot fierce glares at Elisa from time to time. 
His cold eyes were tinged with complicated intent that was incomprehensible. 
Linda became even more flustered. 
Taking a deep breath, she instinctively lifted her hand to hold Gareth's arm and asked, "Garry, why did you bring me here for dinner today?" 
Sarcasm flashed through Elisa's eyes.
I reckon no man would be able to resist such a sweet voice.She tried to look from the corner of her eyes to see if Gareth wavered. 
Oh well, Linda has been the only person in his heart since the beginning. 
Of course, he wouldn't be able to resist her. 
Gareth’'s body stiffened for a second. 
He instinctively wanted to pull his arm away, but remembering that Elisa was present, he turned to look at Linda and asked softly, "Do you not like it here?" 
His tone was normal, but it was gentler compared to his usual cold tone. 
Linda shook her head with a smile. 
"Nothing.I'm just curious." 
Why would we bump into Elisa here? Did he purposely come here for Elisa?! Otherwise, this can't possibly be a coincidence! Although I can sense that Elisa doesn't like Garry as much as she did before, something is fishy about Garry! Linda couldn't figure out what was going on, and she became more frustrated the more she thought about it. 
Gareth remained silent. 
When the lift door opened, he remained motionless, so Linda did not walk out of the lift either. 
Sean nodded at Gareth before stepping out of the lift while Elisa followed suit without glancing at Gareth. 
As they walked into the private room, Elisa could still perceive Gareth's piercing glare on her.
###chapter445
Chapter 445
"Girl, what would you like to eat?" 
Sean wore a rare smile as he asked Elisa. 
"I'm fine with whatever you order, Uncle Sean." Elisa answered with a smile. 
"I'm buying, so go ahead and browse the menu to see what you'd like to eat." 
Saying that, Sean passed the menu to Elisa. 
Elisa smiled and didn't reject it. 
After she chose a few dishes, Sean added a few more. 
After the server took the order and left, Sean got straight to the topic. 
"You initiated to approach me and asked me to buy you a meal.Besides missing your father, I believe you have other intentions. What is it?" 
Elisa sighed. 
"Indeed, there is.I'd like to collaborate with you too." 
Sean snorted and wore a snobbish expression as if he had already known it. 
Elisa smiled and continued, "You might be upset to hear this.The project that I'm about to propose is one that you hate the most." 
Narrowing his eyes, Sean examined the young woman in front of him and was rendered speechless.
"Are you kidding me?" 
"Of course not!" Elisa answered in a serious manner. 
She didn't present her proposal immediately because she knew she had to take it slow with Sean. 
Otherwise, her plan could fail.She didn't want her efforts to go down the drain. 
After pausing for a while, she looked at Sean with a smile. 
"Uncle Sean, during all these years what is it that brings you the greatest happiness?" 
Sean gazed at Elisa intently. 
He knew everything she was saying might be related to her proposed collaboration, but Elisa managed to pique his curiosity — he was eager to find out what Elisa wanted to say.He replied indifferently, "There's nothing much that brings me great pleasure.If I have to say something, it's probably to see my family..." 
He paused all of a sudden as he recalled Elisa's current situation. 
Elisa wore a faint smile. 
"Yeah.My greatest wish is for my family to be healthy and harmonious." 
But alas, her mother left her while she was still young, and her father died as a result of being set up by the villain. 
Sean pressed his lips and was at a loss for words. 
Suddenly, Elisa changed the topic.
"Uncle Sean, what about your hobby? Do you have any?" Sean answered. 
"I'm a boring person, and I don't have any hobbies." 
"That's not true.You do- Sean was confused. 
"Visiting the old folks home.Don't you like it.?" 
"Yeah, I do." 
Sean nodded in agreement as Elisa hit the bullseye. 
"What exactly are you trying to get at?" 
"I'm just discussing small things in life.Life is not just about surviving, but one should strive to lead a happy life." 
Sean looked at Elisa and did not give much comment. 
"So?" 
Elisa put on a rueful smile. 
"Uncle Sean, you don't have to put your guard up against me all the time.I haven't talked to you about the collaboration.You can browse through the proposal first before deciding whether to collaborate with us.It is up to you to make the decision; I can't possibly set you up through my words" 
Sean smiled and retorted with a sentence, which made her tongue-tied.
###chapter446
Chapter 446
"That's not necessarily true.I could have chatted away with you if you were an ordinary person.But you aren't — you're Iris, the elite lawyer.What if you take my words and turn them into evidence that is advantageous to yourself?" 
Tongue-tied, Elisa wore a rueful smile.She knew Sean would be guarding against her from now on.She sighed in exasperation and said, "It seems like you won't trust me no matter what I say." 
Sean said straightforwardly, "Stop beating around the bush and spit your motive out.I won't eat my words about the five meals that I promised to treat you." 
Elisa sighed and didn't explain it immediately. 
Instead, she hummed, "There's no need to hurry.Let's continue chatting." 
"Girl, you're going to make me displeased by doing so." 
Perceiving that Sean had started to lose his patience and was telling the truth, Elisa shook her head and said, "I'd like to present to you the proposal first.If you don't agree to proceed with it, I'll stop disturbing you.But since you've promised to treat me to five meals, you've already given me a chance.Am I right?" 
Sean did not answer. 
Elisa continued with a smile, "Everyone has a family and ambition.Family is the root of one person.I know you hate industries that target families as their main customers, but these areas are currently not saturated yet, and they still have the potential to be developed" 
Sean narrowed his eyes.
"Since you know I dislike being involved in projects like this, and you know how stubborn I am, why did you still come to find me? Do you think you can persuade me?" 
"It's not that.You refuse to do proposals like this not because you dislike them, but because you care about them too much.You're afraid that the outcome would disappoint the public and cause the meaning of home to be lost." 
Meanwhile, since Linda and Gareth entered another private room, Gareth had not said anything. 
After ordering the food, he sat in his seat and scrolled through his phone. 
On the other hand, Linda did not touch her phone because she didn't want to miss any second she could spend with Gareth. 
However, Gareth had no intention of talking to her at all. 
Did he really ask me out just to have dinner with me? At that moment, Linda was already certain that Gareth had brought her out with another motive. 
She inhaled deeply and couldn't help asking, "Garry, you still haven't gotten over Elisa, have you?" 
Gareth shot a glare at her with his eyes filled with displeasure. 
"Linda, I don't wish to hear something like that from you again’ Linda's heart jolted - Gareth had never warned her in such a stern manner.He... 
Linda took a deep breath to contain her frustration and resentment that couldn't be spoken. 
Given the current situation, she didn’t know how to express her feelings at all! Just as she was thinking about how to ask Gareth again, the server knocked on the door.
Linda inhaled and put on a smile before saying, "Come in." 
Gareth continued to remain silent as he was in a terrible mood. 
Elisa didn't give any response throughout the scene in the lift. 
She didn't care even when Linda held my arm. 
Ha! What a heartless woman. 
She just ditched me after using me! Gareth tried to suppress his burning rage as he could flare up at any time. 
His mood had been fluctuating these few days, which caused the employees in his company to be extra vigilant as they didn’t want to irritate him.
###chapter447
Chapter 447
The next second, Gareth regained his senses and looked even more sullen. 
What the hell am I thinking about? Why can't I get Elisa off my mind?! 
"Garry..." 
Linda looked at Gareth worriedly. 
"Are you feeling unwell? Shall we go back first?" 
Gareth is going to meet Elisa again and discuss something with Sean. 
I can't allow any opportunities for him and Elisa to meet anymore! Gareth gathered his emotions and gazed at Linda indifferently. 
"Let's eat.All these are your favorite dishes." 
Linda was rendered speechless. 
I can only enjoy my favorite dishes if I'm in a good mood. 
What's wrong with him? We're on a date, yet he's thinking of another woman. 
No woman could possibly tolerate this! After pausing for a while, Linda sighed and mumbled, "Garry, you seemed off recently.Did I..." 
She bit her lips and lowered her head as she was afraid and flustered.She didn't know how to continue the sentence. 
It was her strategy to feign a weak and pitiful look to win men’s sympathy.
Gareth took the cutleries and said, "Let's eat." 
Linda lifted her head in disbelief and instinctively stared at him. 
Normally, he would coaxed her gently, but this time, he didn't! Linda was so aggrieved that she could hardly taste the food. 
Gareth had no intention of talking to her at all, and he didn't even care to pretend to entertain her. 
Tears welled up in Linda's eyes as she stared at Gareth and muttered, "Garry, you don't have to do things to please me if you don't like me" 
Gareth furrowed his brows; the annoyance in his eyes became more intense. 
At that moment, Linda felt her trump card had lost its effectiveness. 
This method was only effective when used on someone who loved her. 
If it was used on someone who didn't care about her, it would only make her appear like a clown... 
Linda clenched her fists tightly under the table.She couldn't even feel the pain when her nails dug into her palm.She put down her cutleries as she had completely lost her appetite. 
Seeing that, Gareth slowly laid down his cutleries too.He stood up and opened the door so that he could catch sight of Sean when he passed by their room. 
Linda's eyes became red-rimmed as she was engulfed by jealousy. 
So, that's how much Garry cared about Elisa, huh?! Since he still cares about her, why did he divorce her back then? A while later, Gareths phone rang, so he answered it.
"Mr.Wickam, how long until your dinner ends?" 
"We're done eating.Can I come over now?" Gareth asked in a steady tone. 
Inhaling deeply, I.inda struggled to control her rage and bitterness. 
"Yeah! "Sure." 
With that, Gareth hung up the call and looked at Linda. 
'I still have some matters to attend to.Can you go home first?" 
This time, his tone finally softened, and he finally gave Linda some attention. 
Linda gritted her teeth. 
New way! How can I leave at this moment, leaving Gareth and Elisa spending time together?! I cant allow any chances for them to interact anymore: Pretending to be thoughtful, she shook her head with a smile and replied, ‘I can stay to accompany you.After all, we're in a public area.If someone discovers you and Elisa being together, it might affect both your reputation.Such gossip could be prevented if I'm around."
###chapter448
Chapter 448
Chapter 448 The Feeling of Depression 
Standing up, Gareth nodded slightly and walked out of the room while Linda followed suit. Despite her bitterness, her worries could only be eased if she stayed beside him. 
Meanwhile, the food they ordered was left on the table, barely touched. 
Gareth lost his appetite due to Elisa; Linda lost her appetite due to Gareth. 
Soon, they arrived at Sean’s private room. However, Gareth didn’t catch sight of Elisa. Linda was surprised too. She asked curiously, “Uncle Sean, did Elisa leave already?” 
“Mm-hmm.” Sean answered naturally. 
Gareth frowned subtly. Realizing that Elisa had already left, Linda was not interested to stay too given her terrible mood. So, she said to Gareth, “Garry, since that’s the case, I’ll go back first.” 
“Okay.” Gareth didn’t even care to spare a glance at her. Linda inhaled deeply and left. 
The wind at night seemed to howl fiercer than the day. Linda tucked in her hair which was blowing in the wind and took out her phone. She subconsciously searched for Elisa’s contact number. However, she paused before dialing the number. 
Elisa didn’t even bother to talk to Garry just now. Not only that, she left earlier knowing that Garry was going to meet Sean. She is already giving Garry the cold shoulder. If I continue pestering her, will I seem too petty? 
Linda bit her lips. Since when did I become like this? All this while, I’ve been more elegant and noble than Elisa, but what on earth am I doing now?!
Linda covered her head in exasperation and gnashed her teeth. How did I come to this state?! 
… 
The chilly wind breeze caressed Elisa’s cheeks as she walked down the road. She didn’t head home immediately but was strolling by the street. The bright lights on the street made her squint, and she was carried away by the song that was playing. 
The way you wear your hat 
The way you sip your tea 
The memory of all that 
No no they can’t take that away from me 
The way your smile just beams 
The way you sing off key 
The way you haunt my dreams 
No no they can’t take that away from me 
We may never never meet again 
On the bumpy road to love 
Still I’ll always, always keep the memory of… 
…
Surrounded by the beautiful melody, Elisa couldn’t help halting her step. The song had its own meaning, but for some reason, Elisa felt her current situation was… 
She lifted her eyes to see lights from countless homes in the condominium in front of her. Melodious music was played in the courtyard, yet her emotions became increasingly complicated. She frowned and walked away resolutely as she was overwhelmed by the feeling of depression. 
While she was walking to the basement car park, her phone rang abruptly. She took out her phone to see an incoming call from Carle, so she answered it. 
“Hey, Carle.” She hummed while wondering why he was calling her at this hour. 
A loud noise emerged from the other end of the line. Elisa was confused, thinking that Carle might have accidentally called her, or he might intend to invite her to the party. 
Just as she was wondering, she heard Carle’s voice…
###chapter449
Chapter 449
Chapter 449 The Person I Like is Will Darcey 
His tone was filled with sorrow. “Elisa, did you say yes to him?” 
Elisa was perplexed. “Carle, are you drunk?” 
Carle’s voice was different from his usual gentle one. “Answer me, Elisa. Are you fond of Will Darcey?” 
Elisa was startled. She had never liked Will and had never thought of agreeing to date him. However, given Carle’s current situation, she decided to tell a lie. She hesitated for a moment and hummed, “Yes.” 
Carle felt his heart squeeze. He had been distressed ever since Will announced to the public that he was courting Elisa. However, thinking that Elisa had just divorced and was still recovering emotionally, he thought she wouldn’t accept Will’s pursuit, so he didn’t care much about it. 
But now, he was in a panic upon seeing their frequent interaction and how they always showed up in public together. Not only that, there were trending topics on Twitter that discussed how they made a perfect match. 
Not only that, Elisa was even going to collaborate with Will. If she didn’t like him, why would she do that? 
Carle had been controlling his emotions and trying to take things slow because he didn’t want to disturb Elisa. However, little did he expect things to turn out this way. Today, he failed to suppress his feelings. He was out drinking with friends, but because he was overwhelmed by his emotions, he soon became drunk. 
At that moment, he couldn’t get a hold of himself and just wanted to pour his heart out and get answers.
Carle inhaled deeply with his eyes filled with agony. “Why… Elisa, you told me that you didn’t plan to date any men. Why have you never considered me? Am I such a worthless man to you?” 
Elisa tightened her grip on the phone and denied it. “Not at all, Carle. You’re a very decent man. Maybe it’s because we’ve been together since young. The four of us are close friends, and I always deemed you as my elder brother, so I never thought of being together with you.” 
Carle sneered. “Elder brother…” He didn’t want to be her elder brother at all! He wanted to be her boyfriend, her husband, the apple of her eye who could protect her for a lifetime. 
However, those were just his wishful thinking… 
Carle felt a bitter taste in his throat. With his eyes red-rimmed, he gripped his phone tightly and asked in a trembling voice, “Elisa, we have no blood relation to each other. We grew up together since we were young… Can’t you… consider me? You’re the one I love and the only girl I want to care for for the rest of my life. Elisa, would you give me a chance?” 
Ever since being rebuked by Elisa last time, Carle had decided to hide his feelings for her, and he did it. Nonetheless, the alcohol caused his rationality to be replaced by impulsion. Although he was still conscious and could most likely remember what happened tonight the next morning, he couldn’t control himself anymore at that moment. 
There was a change in Elisa’s expression. She couldn’t possibly be together with Carle. What she said just now was true – she saw Carle as an elder brother. Besides… She was a divorced woman; she didn’t want to harm Carle again because it would be unfair to him. 
Elisa closed her eyes for a second. When she opened them again, they were filled with clarity. “Carle, it’s impossible between us. The person I like is Will Darcey.” She spat word by word. However, the moment she said that, a figure appeared in front of her.
###chapter450
Chapter 450
Chapter 450 A Great Show 
The man gazed at her with a smile. His eyes were glistening as light reflected from them. 
Elisa’s pupils constricted all of a sudden. 
Carle inhaled deeply at the other end of the line. “Elisa, you have no idea how heartbroken I am. How can you hurt me like this…” 
Elisa’s eyes were filled with apology. She took a deep breath and had no choice but to say, “I have some matters to attend to, so I have to go first. Don’t drink too much and rest early.” With that, she hung up the call. 
Meanwhile, the grin on the man’s face widened. “Elisa, I heard it.” 
Elisa’s expression changed. “Please don’t misunderstand me. I just used you as an excuse.” 
Will’s eyes lit up as he drew closer to Elisa. “Oh, is it?” 
Frightened, Elisa took a few steps back and changed the topic. “What brings you here? Are you meeting someone around this area?” 
Will let out a laugh and gazed at Elisa affectionately. “I discovered that a person likes me, so I came over to hear it personally from you.” 
Embarrassed, Elisa feigned a calm look. “I need to go first.” She turned and was about to leave because she knew Will would set her up if she continued talking to him. However, Will grasped her wrist swiftly before she could react. 
Elisa knitted her brows and spun to face Will. “Aren’t you well known as a gentleman?”
Will smiled. “I’m a gentleman to outsiders. How can I remain a gentleman in front of the woman I love? Elisa, I didn’t force hug you or kiss you just now; I think I’m already a very self-controlled man.” 
Tongue-tied, Elisa pulled out her arm, and Will didn’t stop her because he didn’t want to infuriate her. 
Elisa took a deep breath and explained patiently, “Please don’t misunderstand the situation just now. The netizens are discussing us, so I used you as an excuse. In the future, I won’t say or do something without your consent.” 
Will beamed brightly as he continued gazing at Elisa fervently. “You’ll definitely have my consent. I’m more than willing to give you my consent. You can use me to avoid all your admirers. I can’t wait for you to announce to the public that I’m your boyfriend.” Will replied with his magnetic voice. 
Elisa was rendered speechless and decided that she shouldn’t continue this conversation anymore. She inhaled deeply and said, “Sorry. I really have to go.” She had no intention of continuing to make excuses to Will. 
Will smiled and hummed, “There’s no need to hurry home. I want to bring you to a great show tonight.” 
“A great show?” Elisa lifted her eyes to look at Will. 
“Mm-hmm.” 
While Elisa was still dumbfounded, Will grabbed her hand and said, “Come with me.” 
This time, Elisa didn’t manage to break away from him. Just then, a gentle voice came forth. 
“Garry.” 
Elisa frowned. Isn’t Garry meeting Uncle Sean? Did their discussion end so soon?
Before she could regain her composure, Will pulled her to the side where a van blocked them so that they were not visible to the others. 
Nonetheless, they could see Gareth and Linda from where they were standing. 
Gareth was walking in front while Linda followed behind him with an unsettled look as if she wanted to say something. 
Suddenly, Gareth stopped and turned to look at her. “I’ll send you home.”
###chapter451
Chapter 451
Chapter 451 You’re My Boyfriend 
Linda was disheartened. We didn’t even have a proper meal just now, and he’s asking me to go home already? Oh well, we would’ve parted ways if I didn’t wait for him at the hall, and he wouldn’t have offered to send me home. I shouldn’t be too greedy. 
At that thought, Linda nodded obediently. “Okay, but there’s something I want to tell you. It’s about the company.” 
Gareth turned to look at Linda. Seeing that she was still standing at the spot, he asked, “Do you want to talk about it here?” 
Startled, Linda quickly muttered, “W-We can talk in the car.” 
Gareth did not answer but continued walking forward. 
Elisa turned to gaze at Will with an inquiring look. Is this the ‘show’ you wanted me to see? They’re walking toward the car already. There’s nothing to see. 
A faint smile tugged at Will’s lips. “It’s Linda’s car.” He whispered. 
Elisa’s eyelashes fluttered. Will might not be able to tinker with Gareth’s car, but he could do that to Linda’s car. Didn’t Gareth drive today? Elisa was curious. 
Indeed, Gareth got into Linda’s car. Only then did Elisa figure out that Gareth wanted to send Linda home and asked someone else to drive his car. He would probably then ask the driver to go pick him up at Linda’s place. 
Nonetheless, Elisa wasn’t bothered by her speculation. Soon, she saw Gareth in the driver seat and Linda in the shotgun seat.
At the same time, Will pulled her into the van in front of them. So this van is his… Elisa’s eyes glistened. 
Will turned to look at Elisa with a half-smile, but one could observe the coldness in his eyes upon looking closely. 
“Guess what they are going to talk about.” 
Elisa stared at him in confusion and did not answer. 
Will took out his phone and clicked on it. In no time, the sound of an engine starting came forth. Linda’s voice emerged. “Garry, we don’t have to hurry back. I want to show you an important proposal. Please take a look at it first.” 
A proposal? Elisa frowned and subconsciously looked toward Will. Will smirked and said, “Continue listening.” 
“Ha…” Elisa let out a laugh as she could roughly guess what was going on. There was a moment of silence in Linda’s car, but Elisa could hear the sound of paper flipping. Obviously, Gareth was browsing the proposal. 
The light in Linda’s car was switched on. From Elisa’s angle, she could see Gareth reading the proposal with a solemn look. 
About twenty minutes later, Gareth finished reading the content. Linda bit her lips and mumbled awkwardly, “Actually, this is the proposal Elisa presented to Mr. Darcey before.” 
Gareth lifted his head to look at Linda and asked calmly, “What do you want to say?”
Will glanced at Elisa with a sarcastic smile. Elisa remained silent as Linda’s perturbed voice came forth. “I-It’s hard for me to bring this matter up to you, but you’re m-my boyfriend, so I have to tell you the truth…” 
Gareth’s face darkened when he heard the word ‘boyfriend’, but he remained quiet. 
Soon, Linda filled Gareth in about the incident. Of course, she mentioned all the good things about herself and downplayed Elisa. Throughout her description, she did not mention anything about Elisa being the proposal’s creator. 
However…
###chapter452
Chapter 452
Chapter 452 Benett Corporation Will Be Yours Tomorrow 
Although Linda didn’t say it, Gareth already knew it because he could tell from the style and approach of the entire project that it was Elisa’s creation. 
The moment he realized the truth, he was stunned and thought it was unbelievable. 
After telling Gareth all that she wanted to say, Linda was relieved. She gazed at Gareth carefully and mumbled softly, “I-I had no other choices. The management in the company thinks Elisa still lacks experience and can’t handle this project, but Mr. Darcey… maybe he’s really fond of Elisa and wanted to pursue her through this matter. Nonetheless, the company shouldn’t put its reputation at risk, and we don’t want others to gossip about this matter. So, given this situation… I-I just want to ask i-if y-you…” 
The words stuck in Linda’s throat as she became more awkward. Why did Dad ask me to talk to Gareth about this matter?! Why does he want me to take over this proposal? 
Back then, she actually intended to leave after walking out, but Norman’s assistant approached her, passed the proposal to her, and exhorted her with some tasks. At that time, she rejected the offer, but Norman’s assistant continued persuading her. She was told that she would be the person in charge by name while they would find someone experienced to guide her. If the proposal worked out successfully, she would have more opportunities to interact with Gareth and develop their relationship. 
But now, she was reluctant to take on the proposal because it would appear like they only approached Gareth after being rejected by Darcey Group. 
“Garry, please don’t misunderstand me. Actually, this proposal… this proposal is…” 
Linda closed her eyes. She didn’t want to spoil Gareth’s impression of her, so she could only explain the situation as tactfully as possible.
“Elisa hopes to retrieve Benett Corporation because it’s her father’s hard work after all. My father didn’t disagree after knowing her intention. Nevertheless, Elisa is my father’s niece, and everyone has participated in running the business. My father is worried that things would go wrong if Elisa takes over the company at this moment, and the management might not be persuaded. He didn’t want to damage the employee’s morale, so he wanted Elisa to take it slow. After all, she’s still young. So, he asked the department managers to let her handle some more challenging contracts and proposals.” 
Sitting in the driver’s seat, Gareth remained silent. He had no intention of leaving yet because he was keen to continue listening. 
Linda was a bundle of nerves, but she bit the bullet and continued explaining. “Actually, we gave her those proposals at that time, expecting that she wouldn’t be able to handle it. The intention was to make her realize how difficult reality is and deter her so that she can progress smoothly in the future. Many of those proposals were actually abandoned proposals because they were so challenging that no one could solve them.” 
While Linda was explaining, Will’s gaze fell on Elisa. “Hey Elisa, you’ve suffered so much. Do you really want to face the situation alone? As long as you agree, Bennett Corporation will be yours tomorrow.” 
Elisa looked at Will with her crystal-clear eyes and wore a half-smile. “Thanks, Mr. Darcey, but I prefer working things out on my own. That would be much more meaningful, don’t you think so?” 
The company is Dad’s hard work. I have to take it back step by step through my own effort. I can’t rely on others otherwise; I would be deemed as eye candy. If that happens, the employees won’t be persuaded, just like Linda said, and I won’t be able to lead the company well. 
Will smiled and hummed, “Yeah. I have confidence in you.” 
Meanwhile, Linda’s voice emerged through the speaker again.
###chapter453
Chapter 453
Chapter 453 She’s Not Worthy of It 
“So… no one actually cared, and allowed her to do whatever she wanted. B-But I didn’t expect Elisa to be so capable and carry out the proposals so perfectly.” 
As much as she didn’t want to admit it, it was useless to hold back anything given the current situation. Moreover, this matter was not a secret. She reckoned Gareth would have known it already. 
Gareth still didn’t say a word. Panicked, Linda continued, “The requirements in the contract are clearly to deter Elisa. Everyone thought it was impossible to ask for such a great investment from Darcey Group. L-Little did I know…” 
Linda pretended as if she didn’t know how to continue from there because she had already spoken all that she wanted to say. 
She was waiting for Gareth’s response to see if he would agree to replace Elisa with a more experienced person. 
Narrowing his eyes, Gareth turned to look at Linda. “So, you hope that I’ll take over this project, and replace Elisa with someone more experienced?” 
There was a slight change in Linda’s expression. The request that she was about to raise was stuck in her throat – because both she and Elisa were young. 
Although everyone in the company thought she was more experienced and important than Elisa, she had just joined the company not long ago too. So, she most likely couldn’t win their trust either. The staff merely respected her due to her status. If it wasn’t for Norman, she didn’t know how others would receive her.
There was a moment of silence in the car as Linda gazed at Gareth anxiously. Truth be told, this proposal was amazing. As much as she didn’t want to admit it, she had to agree that Elisa’s proposal was perfect, which made her green in envy. 
At that moment, time seemed to have stopped in Linda’s car. On the other hand, in the van, Will looked at Elisa with a smile and asked, “Do you think Gareth will take over this proposal?” 
Both of them got into the car from the other side, so Will wasn’t seated in the driver’s seat. Instead, they were sitting next to each other in the middle row. 
Elisa smirked. “Who knows.” Her countenance looked calm and indifferent. 
Will let out a laugh. “I bet that Gareth will accept it and ask you to be in charge. Would you believe it?” 
Elisa laughed in spite of herself. “Hopefully. If that happens, our collaboration will be completely secured.” 
As soon as she said that, Gareth’s voice came forth. “The proposal is great. I’m willing to take on the huge investment.” 
Linda’s eyes lit up as she gazed at Gareth and gasped, “Garry, do you mean it?” 
Just as she anticipated what Gareth would say next, she was hit by a bolt from the blue. 
“However, the person in charge can only be Elisa.” 
Linda was dumbfounded. “You…” 
What did he just say? Did my ears fail me?
Gareth kept the proposal away aloofly and didn’t intend to return it to Linda. “I’ll ask Thomas to go find your father tomorrow.” He uttered. 
Staggered, Linda shook her head in disbelief with her eyes widened. “Garry, a-are you trying to take revenge on Elisa? If anything goes wrong, her reputation will be ruined forever…” 
Gareth sniggered. “You think I’ll use hundreds of billions to seek revenge on her?” 
Elisa could guess what Gareth was going to say next even though he didn’t say it. 
I bet he’s going to say, ‘She’s not worthy of it.’ 
Meanwhile, Will switched off the phone screen and stopped listening in on the conversation. Then, he turned slowly to look at Elisa.
###chapter454
Chapter 454
Chapter 454 Drink Driving 
“It’s up to you to decide, Elisa. Both of us are impressed with you. Who will you choose in the end?” A mysterious smile tugged at Will’s lips. His eyes were filled with elation that Elisa had never seen before. 
Elisa squeezed a faint smile and said, “You’re asking the obvious.” 
Will smiled. “I just wish to hear more words of affirmation from you, just like…” He drew closer to Elisa and softened his tone. “Just like what you told the other person on the phone just now.” 
Elisa’s expression changed as she kept a distance from Will. Noticing that the light in Linda’s car had switched off and they were leaving the car park, she quickly said, “They’re leaving already. I should head back too.” 
“I’ll give you a ride.” 
After ensuring that Linda’s car had left, Elisa opened the car door immediately and said, “It’s okay. My car is here.” With that, she got out of the car while Will did not stop her. Seeing that she was striding away, he blurted, “I’ll pick you up at your office tomorrow at noon.” 
Elisa stopped and turned to glance at Will speechlessly. “Mr. Darcey, could you possibly be more high profile?” 
The grin on Will’s face widened as he became more lighthearted. “I see, so you prefer me to be more high profile. You’ll see it tomorrow at noon then.” 
Elisa freaked out, worrying that Will would do some horrible things. “Please don’t act recklessly. Goodbye now, and please don’t come and find me tomorrow!”
She didn’t want to continue talking to Will, so she strode to her car and left after starting the engine. The whole process was swift and resolute. 
Will narrowed his eyes as he watched Elisa drive away skillfully. It’s rare for a woman to have such good driving skills. She never fails to surprise me. Will sighed as he wondered how much longer till he wins Elisa’s heart. 
… 
When Elisa arrived home, it was already 9 P.M. Before she could change into her home slippers, her phone rang, and she was surprised to see Sheena’s incoming caller ID. 
“Hey, Sheen.” Elisa answered the call. 
“Carle had an accident!” 
The expression on Elisa’s face changed all of a sudden with her pupils constricted. “Where is he?” 
“Central Hospital. Come quickly!” Besides the worry that tinged Sheena’s voice, Elisa sensed her anger too. Elisa’s countenance turned pale. Did my words just now agitate him? 
Without wasting more time, she dashed out of the house. She sped all the way and reached the hospital in no time. Then, she called Sheena and found their exact location. 
Besides Sheena, there were a few other young men standing in the corridor who looked around their age. Elisa reckoned these were the friends who were with Carle just now. 
Walking up to Sheena, Elisa suppressed her anxiety and asked, “What exactly happened?” 
The moment she said that, the sound of running footsteps came forth from the other end of the corridor. The crowd turned to see Rachel running over while panting. Looking panicked, she gasped, “What
happened? How did Carle get into an accident out of the blue?” 
Elisa’s expression turned ghastly. “He drove?!” 
Drink driving?! Someone quickly explained, “No, he didn’t drive. He was hit by a car while walking.” 
Elisa staggered and was at a loss for words. The next second, Sheena grasped her right wrist furiously.
###chapter455
Chapter 455
Chapter 455 A Car Accident 
“What on earth did you say to him? Why did you provoke him?!” 
Elisa parted her lips but no word came out of them. Perceiving the intense atmosphere, Rachel walked up and pulled Sheena away from Elisa. “Calm down, Sheen. What exactly happened?” 
Elisa closed her eyes with a remorseful look. “It’s all my fault.” 
Rachel was confused. “Elisa?” 
Elisa didn’t bother to explain but looked at Carle’s other friends and asked anxiously, “How’s his situation?” 
One of the men sighed. “While we were drinking together just now, we talked about our crush, but Carle drank alone emotionally. We noticed something was off about him at that time, but we didn’t bother with it. Then, he suddenly stood up and said he was going to make a call.” 
Elisa clenched her fists as her face became as pale as a sheet. Rachel’s expression changed too as she guessed that Elisa must have rejected Carle. Otherwise, Carle wouldn’t be so depressed and walked out of the bar after getting drunk and… gotten into an accident. 
“We reckoned he went to call you, but he didn’t come back after a while. When we went out to find him, he was already hit by a van. It was too late by the time we realized it…” 
Elisa inhaled softly and muttered, “How is he now?” 
“He bled a lot in his head. The doctor is performing surgery now, and he said Carle’s life can be saved.”
Slightly relieved, Elisa stood speechless outside the operation room. At that moment, she was filled with incomprehensible regret. If anything went wrong, Carle could lose his life! Elisa felt her heart wrenched. 
Meanwhile, Sheena had completely lost her rationality. “What on earth did you say to him on the phone that made him into this state?!” 
Elisa parted her lips, but she couldn’t bring herself to repeat those words just now. 
Rachel attempted to mediate. “Let’s not argue about it first. Our noise might disturb the doctors in the operating room.” 
Sheena turned away and remained silent while Rachel held Elisa’s hand and cooed, “Don’t overthink. Let’s observe his situation first.” Elisa could only nod in silence as she was overwhelmed with remorse and apprehension. 
An hour later, the red signboard finally turned green. Everyone heaved a sigh of relief and waited at the entrance of the operating room. There was no one who could make important decisions at the scene, so one of the men asked in a fluster, “We haven’t informed his family about this matter yet and only called you girls. Shall we… inform his family now?” 
Elisa furrowed her brows. This is not a minor accident… We have to inform his family, but there’s nothing much his family can do even if they’re here now. The hospital knows who the reckless driver is, so they would take care of him. So, we can wait for Carle to regain consciousness and seek his opinion. It’s just that… I wonder when he will regain consciousness. 
After pausing for a while, Elisa said, “Let’s wait for a while more.” 
On the other hand, Sheena’s eyes were swollen as she continued sobbing silently.
Around twenty minutes later, the door of the operating room finally opened. Everyone gathered around the doctor with concerned and fearful looks. The doctor took off his mask and revealed his solemn expression.
###chapter456
Chapter 456
Chapter 456 Give Him Hope 
Everyone’s heart was in their mouth. Finally, Elisa asked, “Doctor, how is his situation?” 
“His brain was seriously damaged in the accident. His life is not at risk anymore, but when he can regain consciousness all depends on his willpower. If he manages to fight against fate, he could awaken and be normal again. However, if he doesn’t regain consciousness in one month’s time, then…” 
The doctor shook his head in resignation. Elisa’s expression changed as she perceived the doctor’s meaning. Rachel was still perplexed, so she asked in a panic, “What will happen if he doesn’t regain consciousness in one month?” 
The doctor mumbled in exasperation, “He might be in a vegetative state.” With that, he walked away. Soon, another doctor came forth and informed Elisa and the others about the next procedure. 
Sheena cried her eyes out. Glaring at Elisa resentfully, she scowled, “Carle is such an outstanding and decent man. He loves you so much; he doesn’t even care if you’re a divorced woman. Why wouldn’t you consider him? Why did you break his heart?!” 
Elisa closed her eyes. “I’m sorry…” 
“I’m not the one to whom you should say sorry!” Sheena roared uncontrollably. The nurse quickly stopped her. “Miss, the patient is still inside the room. He needs rest now, so please don’t disturb him.” 
At that moment, Carle was transferred to the intensive care unit. No visitor was allowed for that day, so everyone stayed outside the ward. Elisa took a deep breath and mumbled, “We should inform Mr. Semoa about this matter.”
“Yes. Given the current situation, we can’t keep it from his family anymore.” Sheena kept her cool and uttered. 
Rachel inhaled softly and hummed, “I’ll call Mr. Semoa.” With that, she took out her phone and went to the corner to make the call. 
Sheena wiped away her tears and uttered, “Don’t mention the details.” In other words, she didn’t want Rachel to tell Edward that it was Elisa who provoked Carle. Rachel nodded in consent. 
Elisa closed her eyes – she had to explain the incident to Edward sooner or later, but not today. This was not a glorious matter, so she didn’t want to talk about it in front of the crowd. 
None of Carle’s friends left. All of them stayed outside the ward and were guilt-stricken. “It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have asked him out to drink.” 
“I’m in the wrong too. I shouldn’t have poured him more wine. We…” 
Rachel ended the call and said, “No one wanted this accident to happen. We can only pray for Carle to regain consciousness as soon as possible. The doctor said that we can go to visit him twenty-four hours later. Let’s try our best to wake him then.” 
Sheena held Elisa’s hand as she finally regained her composure. “I’m sorry, Elisa. I lost control of my emotions and yelled at you just now.” 
Elisa shook her head and uttered with mixed emotions. “It’s my fault to begin with. I crossed the line…” 
After closing her eyes for a second, Sheena restored a calm expression and said to Elisa in a serious manner. “I’m not asking you to say yes to him. I just hope that you can think of a way to awaken him. Give him hope and make him think life is still meaningful. Please don’t let him be…”
In a vegetative state. Sheena couldn’t bring herself to spit the last few words. With her body trembling, she turned away the next second and covered her mouth as she tried to hold her emotions in. 
Elisa’s eyes were red-rimmed. Her lips were trembling too with her head lowered. Rachel was ashen- faced. The four of them were friends since they were young and were very close to each other, but no one expected this to happen. 
On the other hand, Edward rushed to the hospital upon receiving the news. Rachel toned down the severity of Carle’s injuries in the call. So, Edward was staggered upon arriving at the hospital and realizing that his son was admitted to the intensive care unit. 
He stared at the crowd and asked, “What happened?”
###chapter457
Chapter 457
Chapter 457 What Luck Does She Have 
Elisa’s lips quivered as she hesitated to speak. But at that moment, she couldn’t speak up. 
Rachel suppressed her worries and said grimly, “It’s… Carle was hit by a car when he was drunk.” 
Sheena stood to one side with her head lowered. Her eyes were swollen and red. 
She couldn’t speak a word. 
Edward was deathly pale. “What did the doctor say?” 
They could only tell him the truth. 
He gasped and stumbled. 
Vegetative state? 
He had heard of it, but it hadn’t happened to anyone close to him. Now… my son is in a vegetative state? 
A look of despair filled his face but he managed to regain his composure with his experience dealing with all types of situations. 
He took a deep breath. “We have one month. We’ll think of a way.” 
The others kept silent as fear filled their hearts. 
Edward spent the night at the hospital. Sheena went to him after she pulled herself together. “Mr. Semoa, none of us can enter now. The company needs you. I can keep watch here since there’s nothing else for me to attend to. I’ll call you if there’s any news.”
He moved his lips, but not a single word came out. 
Elisa turned to him. “I’ll stay here too, Mr. Semoa. You should go.” 
Rachel nodded and said solemnly, “We’ll all stay here. You can come when they allow us to enter tomorrow. The rest of us will take turns staying here, watching over him.” 
Carle’s friends all spoke up in agreement. They looked earnest and penitent. 
A breath of air escaped from Edward’s mouth as he almost broke down. 
He sank into a bench on the corridor, wordless. 
An accident just had to happen when everything seemed to be fine. It was too much for one to bear. 
He didn’t leave until the next morning when everyone persuaded him to leave the company. 
Sheena forced the men to leave, thinking that there was no point for all those people to stay. 
Only the three of them stayed back. 
Sheena turned to Elisa. “Elisa, you should go back and rest. Tonight’s the first night. I hope you’ll stay with him then. Can you?” 
Sheena wanted to be the one to accompany Carle. However, she knew who he needed the most. She couldn’t waste their time. 
Elisa’s eyes clouded over, but she nodded after some thought. “I will.” 
Rachel exhaled. “I’ll stay here with Sheen. You can come back tonight.” 
Elisa nodded and left without a word.
She applied for leave at her company after explaining the situation to Kira. 
Kira was understanding and gave her three days of leave. 
It was mainly due to her outstanding performance. She managed to secure so many unattainable contracts in such a short period of time. 
Elisa went home and rested. 
Just as Sheena said, she needed rest to keep Carle company during the night. 
During her time away from the company, she didn’t know that Benett Corporation was having another conference because of her. 
It was because Thomas was there! 
Everyone had seen his arrival at the company. 
His appearance shook all the employees. 
Thomas conveyed Gareth’s thoughts to the higher-ups. They then passed the words on to the chairman. Norman only replied that he needed time to think things through. Thomas left, considerate of the situation. 
Those left in the meeting room had a grim expression on their faces. 
Jeanne broke the silence. “What luck does Ms. Elisa have that even Mr. Wickam wants her to take charge?!”
###chapter458
Chapter 458
Chapter 458 Did Ms. Linda Act On Her Own? 
James was pleased. He laughed softly and replied, “Both Mr. Darcey and Mr. Wickam are perceptive. Yet both of them requested for Ms. Elisa. Do you think that it’s just luck? Even if one of them is not in their right mind, does that mean that the other is too? Then, which of them do you think is not in his right mind?” 
They kept silent. 
His words rang true. They were not satisfied with the state of affairs, but it was undeniable that Elisa was skilled. Many of them admitted that Elisa was capable of completing the task. 
However, those who were on Norman’s side did not want Elisa to take back the corporation. They weren’t sure about leaving the corporation’s future in the hands of a youngster. Besides, if she managed to fulfill the task… It would prove that she was more than capable. How could they take the orders of a youngster? They couldn’t accept it. 
Calvin’s expression was stiff. He looked at Norman. “What do you think, Mr. Benett?” 
Norman kept quiet. 
Is Calvin stupid? 
What do I think? 
I will never let her take charge! 
Jessie smiled as Norman stayed silent. “Is there any point in disputing this? If it was only Mr. Darcey, we could say that perhaps he wasn’t thinking straight. Now, Mr. Wickam said the same thing, and he even sent Thomas to negotiate. Is there any point in discussing this then?”
Norman stayed tight-lipped. 
With his eyes shut tight, Calvin drew a breath before speaking up. “I think… We can consider letting Ms. Elisa take charge. But now the problem is that both companies are willing to pay for it. Then, who should we choose?” 
The silence in the room was deafening. 
Letting Elisa take charge was the initial dilemma. They were in a tight corner with the development of the situation. 
James snickered. “A lot of us shareholders didn’t even know what had happened when Mr. Wickam was involved in this situation. Who was it that suggested bringing in Mr. Wickam? Did they not consider that this situation might happen? It doesn’t look like the work of someone experienced. Did Ms. Linda act on her own?” 
He was indirectly insulting Norman. 
He said that Linda was acting on her own, but he meant that Norman was foolish for making the decision at his age. 
He said that Linda was acting on her own, but it meant that anything else was still better than Norman. 
Norman’s expression was frosty. James was clearly backing him into a corner on purpose. 
He inhaled and explained uncomfortably. “Linda saw that I was worrying over this at home and told Mr. Wickam about the situation. They are in a relationship. He will be a part of the family soon. You should understand…” 
Those siding with Norman kept quiet as they knew had heard of the insider information.
“Understand?” Jessie scoffed. “Mr. Benett, that’s an interesting thing for you to say. Confidential information should remain confidential, even between a husband and his wife. This is an internal cooperation issue within the company. The young lady is allowed to vent about the matter to Mr. Wickam, but is there a need to explain every single plan and detail to him?” 
The veins on Norman’s forehead pulsed as if they were about to explode.
###chapter459
Chapter 459
Chapter 459 Incompetent Chairman 
But even if he was the chairman, no one was really afraid of him. 
He was just there to fill in the numbers. He wasn’t very capable, and ever since he took the lead of the company, there had been a declining trend. If he wasn’t replaced soon, Benett Corporation was going to go down the drain sooner or later. 
Many people were eager for Elisa to be promoted. 
After all, Elisa was the old chairman’s daughter! She was as shrewd and capable as he was! 
James was in a great mood. He immediately said, “Ms. Benett is currently suspended. I don’t understand why she’s still working for the company. Didn’t she think of how she might have messed things up like she has now?” 
Norman was speechless. 
He took a deep breath in and restrained his feelings. With a dark face, he said, “When I go back, I’ll talk to her about not interfering in the company’s affairs while she’s suspended.” 
James smiled. “I’m relieved to hear that because Ms. Benett definitely wouldn’t be so reckless. Otherwise, it would make you seem incompetent, Mr. Benett.” 
Calvin immediately looked at James angrily. “Watch how you speak, James.” 
James had a confused expression. “Why? What’s wrong with what I said?” 
He looked at Jessie as he said it.
She restrained her laughter and shook her head. “Of course there’s nothing wrong with it. As a chairman, Mr. Benett needs everyone’s confidence. If he can’t even manage his own daughter well, wouldn’t he be incompetent? That’s why I believe in Mr. Benett’s abilities. As for you, Mr. Hall.” 
Jessie slowly let her gaze sweep onto Calvin as she enunciated each and every word. “Why are you so angry? Don’t tell me that you think Mr. Benett can’t do it?” 
Calvin was dumbfounded. 
His face was flushed from holding himself back. At that moment, he couldn’t say a single word. 
Jeanne wrinkled her brows a little. “That’s enough. Why are you all still arguing at a time like this? What in the world are you thinking of? Darcey Group and Wickam Group. Which company do you want to work with?” 
In an instant, everyone fell silent. 
Everyone had their own schemes, but no one was in a rush to reveal it. 
Seeing it, Jeanne sneered. “Let me express my opinion. I recommend working with Wickam Group. After all, Mr. Wickam and Ms. Linda are going to get married in the future. With a partnership like this, it will appear as if the two families’ relationships are only getting better.” 
James smiled. “Although this makes sense, you have to know that Liz is the one who is working in this partnership, not Ms. Linda. Gareth and Liz are divorced. Shouldn’t this be avoided instead?” 
Everyone was at a loss for words. 
James took the opportunity to take another shot. “What would everyone say? Would they praise Mr. Benett and Ms. Linda for being highly principled for the company’s sake? Or would they demean them
for doing it because of profit…” 
He didn’t go on. 
But everyone understood that it was degrading. 
Jessie clearly didn’t want this to go on for too long. She said indifferently, “We have to ask what Liz thinks about this. No matter what we do now, we are bound to offend one party.” 
Wyllow, who was on James’ side, nodded. “I think that we should work with Darcey Group instead. On principle, since Ms. Elisa and Mr. Wickam have such a close relationship, even if he is offended, he wouldn’t really say anything for her sake. We will be safe. But if we choose Mr. Wickam and offend Mr. Darcey again, Mr. Darcey’s temper isn’t as good as it looks on the surface.” 
No one on Norman’s side said anything because they couldn’t decide either. Norman had to make a decision on it. They could only make a stand after he did.
###chapter460
Chapter 460
Chapter 460 Wickam Group and Darcey Group 
Because of such a topic, the room became silent again. 
Everyone looked at Norman, waiting for him to say something, but he was caught between a rock and a hard place. 
He didn’t want Elisa to go ahead with the partnership, but he didn’t want Elisa to work with Gareth even more. 
With this to consider, should the company work with Darcey Group? But what about Wickam Group?! 
Norman wanted to say something, but he was at a loss at that moment. 
James smiled. “That’s why I said to ask Liz for her opinion.” 
Calvin retorted immediately. “The company has to prioritize the bigger picture. As an employee of the company, she has to sacrifice for the company. How can we ask her for her opinion?” 
James was unconcerned. “It’s not like you’re unaware of how important she is. If she’s unwilling, are you sure that we can get a perfect partnership proposal?” 
In the end, the meeting still ended on bad terms. 
Norman couldn’t just give out an order. He still had to privately discuss with his own people. 
After the meeting ended, James called Elisa. 
At that moment, Elisa was resting at home, but… Carle had been in an accident. How could she have slept?
When her cell phone rang, she answered the call. 
“Uncle James?” 
“Liz, I’m sure you should know about it by now? Mr. Wickam sent his assistant over today, and he wants to work with you.” 
Elisa was speechless. 
He moved so quickly. She was preoccupied with what had happened to Carle and didn’t know what Thomas had done. 
“Uncle James, you mean…?” 
James smiled. “I want to know what you think. Who do you want to work with?” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “If it’s possible, of course I would hope to work with Darcey Group.” 
“Haha. I thought so too. But your Uncle Norman is now caught in a difficult place. They thought that they could work with Gareth and send other people, but they never imagined that Gareth would point you out by name.” 
Elisa’s lips twitched, and she said softly, “What did you hear from Uncle Norman today?” 
On principle, working with Gareth would mean interacting with him. Linda and Uncle Norman wouldn’t be able to accept it, would they? 
If she worked with Will, it would be a done deal. 
“Your Uncle Norman hasn’t settled on anything yet. Maybe he wants to replace you.” 
Elisa didn’t say anything.
James said, “Are you free now? Come to my office. I have some things for you to do.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed. “I’m sorry, Uncle James. My friend got into a car accident, so I’m on leave for three days.” 
“I see. There’s no rush. Do what you have to. You can come and see me once you’re done with everything,” James said casually. 
“Alright.” 
The two of them hung up. Elisa put down her cell phone and shut her eyes again. 
Even if she couldn’t fall asleep, she had to rest well. 
… 
There may not have been many waves in Benett Corporation about Elisa taking a few days off. 
But the two presidents of Wickam Group and Darcey Group heard about it, and it was because of her childhood sweetheart. 
She didn’t sleep the whole night because of her childhood sweetheart. 
Gareth and Will weren’t in much of a good mood that day. 
The pressure that came from the highest level of Wickam Group was hard for everyone to breathe. 
As for Darcey Group… 
Although everything was going as usual, everyone felt that Mr. Darcey was extremely strict during the meeting. He didn’t approve of any proposals. They were all rejected and had to be redone. Many of
them were in pain, but since Mr. Darcey was the one who was paying them, they could only continue working overtime. 
As for the person in question, she was still resting with her eyes closed, as if disconnected from the outside world. 
But… 
Her cell phone rang again.
###chapter461
Chapter 461
Chapter 461 Will’s Bitterness 
Elisa was worried that it was about Carle, so she immediately picked up her cell phone, but when she saw that it was Gareth’s number, she furrowed her brows at once. She rejected the call without a second thought. 
Gareth was about to speak, but he never imagined that a robotic female voice would ring out in his ear instead. 
“I’m sorry, the number that you have dialed is busy…” 
Gareth’s expression darkened. 
He immediately made the call again. 
But… 
She hung up on him again. 
He called again and realized that his number had been blacklisted. 
Elisa! 
Gareth grinded his back molars and silently screamed her name. 
He immediately made a call to Thomas. 
“Come over with your cell phone.” 
Thomas was befuddled. 
He had a puzzled expression, but he still responded and headed to Gareth’s office.
He had just opened the door when he felt an endless frostiness from inside the office. 
Thomas was slightly surprised and confused as he handed his cell phone to Gareth. 
Gareth took it from him. He wanted to continue calling Elisa, but he glanced at Thomas and said in a low voice, “You may leave.” 
Thomas nodded with a face of bewilderment and left. 
When the door shut, Gareth made the call again. 
This time, as he had expected, the call was answered. 
Gareth’s expression suddenly darkened! 
Thomas, who was standing outside the door and waiting, thought that the small crack between the ground and the door was a little too big. It was too airy. 
“Mr. May.” Elisa’s cold voice rang in Gareth’s ear. 
Gareth suddenly sneered coldly. “Elisa, how in the world do you have the nerve to hang up on me again and again?” 
Elisa was slightly startled. She never expected Gareth to be the one to answer the call. 
She furrowed her brows and said in a low voice, “Why are you looking for me?” 
“I’ve warned you not to be around Will. You’ve really matured. You replaced Will with Carle?” 
Beep, beep, beep… 
As soon as he finished speaking, he heard the dial tone from the other side.
Gareth was stupefied. 
Elisa actually hung up on him once again! 
Bang! 
The table almost fell apart under Gareth’s force. 
Thomas, who was still outside the door, was dumbfounded. 
The room was soundproofed pretty well. He couldn’t hear what Gareth had said, but… he heard loud slamming in the room. 
What on earth happened? 
Elisa put down the phone after blacklisting Thomas’ number. 
She thought that Gareth was a little strange. 
But… 
Elisa never imagined that her cell phone would ring again. She was about to reject the call when she realized that it was Will. 
She wrinkled her brows slightly and hesitated for a moment before picking up. 
“What’s up?” 
The man’s deep voice rang in her ear. “What are you doing?” 
Elisa closed her eyes and rubbed the bridge of her nose. “I’m resting.”
“Mm. You should be very tired today. Should I bring you lunch in the afternoon?” 
Elisa’s brows furrowed slightly. “I’m fine. I had a late breakfast, and I’m not hungry.” 
“You can’t skip lunch.” There was a firmness in Will’s gentle voice. 
Elisa didn’t want him to come over at all. She immediately said, “Mr. Darcey, I just want to rest at the moment.” 
“It pains me that you’re so exhausted from taking care of another man.” 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
He knows about it as well. 
His voice was worried, but Elisa could hear a slight trace of bitterness in it. 
She didn’t want to think too much about it and said calmly, “I need to rest, Mr. Darcey. I don’t have any energy to entertain you today.”
###chapter462
Chapter 462
Chapter 462 Aren’t You Afraid That Your Benefactor Will Be Disappointed? 
Will said with a calm expression, “I’ll look for you in the afternoon. Give me a set of your house keys and save my fingerprint.” 
Elisa was at a loss for words. 
She didn’t want to speak to this man at that moment. She hung up on him without any hesitation. 
She really needed to rest! 
It was just that… 
Before noon, there was a knock at the door. 
Elisa lost all trace of her sleepiness. 
The knocking made her so furious that her face was dark! 
This definitely isn’t Will. It’s Gareth! 
Is he crazy?! 
She lay on the bed and didn’t want to move. 
But the knocking kept getting louder. 
Elisa tore off her covers in a rage and got out of bed. 
The vibrations from the banging of the door made her ears hurt slightly. Elisa was afraid that the neighbors would complain, so she gritted her teeth and went to open the door. The moment she saw Gareth, she was so livid that she raised her leg to give him a kick!
Gareth’s expression changed, and he avoided it at once. 
But Elisa was already looking at him coldly. “If you have the nerve to continue disturbing me, Gareth, do you believe me when I say that I’ll make a great ruckus at your company?” 
Gareth’s dark expression looked nastier than the bottom of a pan. He ignored Elisa’s attempts to block him, and he walked in quickly. He closed the door as he grabbed Elisa’s wrist fiercely. His eyes were filled with rage. 
“Elisa!” He gritted his teeth. “Have I indulged you so much that you can behave so unscrupulously?!” 
Elisa laughed in a rage and immediately called him out. “Who am I to you that you can indulge me?” 
Her tone was piercing and ruthless. It was clear she didn’t care about him. 
At that moment, it was as if Gareth’s heart had been pierced viciously. There was a split second where his breathing was messed up. 
Elisa had never been like this in the past. 
She had always spoken to him carefully and had always been as gentle as a lamb. 
When did she become so forceful, calculating, and unfriendly? 
He restrained his emotions and walked to sit on the couch. 
Seeing that he didn’t even change his shoes before walking in, Elisa gritted her teeth. It was fine. She could just mop the floor again later. 
At that moment, it seemed as if Gareth had calmed down. 
He didn’t know why he could always restrain his emotions in front of everyone else but Elisa.
“I’m here because of that project.” 
A sneer flickered across the corner of Elisa’s lips. “You must be joking with me, Mr. Wickam.” 
He came to discuss it with her? 
What authority did she have to make decisions on the company’s behalf? 
Norman and Linda would be the first ones to oppose her. 
Gareth lifted his eyes and looked at her indifferently. The cold expression on his face slowly softened, and the fickle eyes beneath his sharp brows were endlessly deep. One could unconsciously get lost in that vortex. 
Elisa stood in the living room and looked at him coldly. 
“I won’t work with you. I was forced into the previous proposal. If I work with you on the current proposal, it will take a few months, Mr. Wickam. You want me to gamble for a few months and hundreds of billions. Am I worthy?” 
Elisa said the last three words in a particularly sarcastic tone. The smile in her eyes was also blazingly piercing. 
Gareth’s expression turned cold in an instant. 
Elisa spoke in a sarcastic tone again. “I have an awkward relationship with you, and Linda is now your beloved and your fiancée. How am I worthy as an ex-wife and a sister-in-law?” 
When Elisa said it, the sneer on her face intensified. “Are you thinking of not repaying your favor, Mr. Wickam? Aren’t you afraid that your benefactor will be disappointed?”
###chapter463
Chapter 463
Chapter 463 Shortness of Breath 
Gareth’s sharp gaze fell on her face in vain. 
Elisa was unconcerned and just looked at him indifferently. 
Gareth pursed his lips. He didn’t want to clash with Elisa at this time. 
He closed his eyes and said to Elisa in a low voice. “You have to consider the background of the partnership proposal. Benett Corporation is where you started out. You have to give serious consideration to the final decision between Wickam Group or Darcey Group. You need to know which would help Benett Corporation’s development.” 
Seeing Elisa silent, Gareth spoke up again in a low voice, “From a businessman’s perspective, money is king. Everything else comes second.” 
It was as if he was particularly patient this time. 
In other words, he was telling Elisa not to be set in her ways and not to constantly think about the relationship between the two of them but to get rid of those thoughts and carefully think of the benefits instead. That was the standard of a businessman. 
Elisa’s forehead sank a little. 
Wickam Group and Darcey Group. 
They were indeed different after she had worked together with them. 
She made the necessary adjustments for both proposals according to both companies. If she really considered the benefits, Wickam Group would be more beneficial and would bring more money to
Benett Corporation. 
But after a moment, she said to Gareth indifferently, “You shouldn’t talk about such things with me. Uncle Norman still doesn’t have a final answer until now. He doesn’t even want me to oversee it. Mr. Wickam, you really looked for the wrong person.” 
Gareth’s brows wrinkled. Is she so estranged from the Benett family now? 
As soon as she said it, Elisa raised her hand and yawned. There was exhaustion in her eyes. “I need to rest, Mr. Wickam. Please leave.” 
He had been pounding at her door. Elisa decided that once Carle woke up, she was going to move away. 
It would have been fine if Elisa hadn’t mentioned it. When Gareth saw her like that, he thought of how she had taken care of that man for the whole night. His sharp gaze almost pierced through her. 
But in the next moment, Elisa’s cell phone suddenly rang. 
Seeing that it was a call from Linda’s assistant, Yara, Elisa’s brows furrowed, and she rejected the call. She sent a text message. 
—Elisa: ‘What have you found out? It’s not convenient for me to talk now. Reply me through text instead.’ 
—Yara: ‘Ms. Elisa, I’ve gathered a series of evidence from the day Linda pretended to get into a car accident. I can send it to you now.’ 
—Elisa: ‘Thank you for your trouble.’ 
Gareth looked at Elisa coldly. “Who are you talking to?”
At that moment, it was like he was catching a girlfriend in the act. 
As soon as he said it, Elisa’s cell phone vibrated incessantly. It was clear that someone kept sending her text messages. 
Elisa chuckled. She lifted her eyes slightly to look at Gareth. “Will you be surprised if I let you in on a secret, Mr. Wickam?” 
Seeing Gareth wrinkle his brows, confused at what she said, it was as if she had come to her senses a little. She smiled. “That’s right, you might not even believe me if I told you. Even if there was a stone hammer, your heart would be blind. What use is there?” 
“What on earth are you saying, Elisa?” The unhappiness in Gareth’s eyes intensified. 
But Elisa didn’t care. She looked at him with a half-smile. “I’ll show it to you whether you believe me or not.” 
Elisa walked to the master bedroom and took a laptop out. Once she imported all the files into the laptop, she walked to Gareth’s side and sat down. 
Her scent suddenly and unexpectedly made its way up Gareth’s nose. At that moment, Gareth felt like his breathing was in disarray!
###chapter464
Chapter 464
Chapter 464 You are an Idiot 
He stiffened immediately and took a deep breath. 
Elisa did not notice anything wrong with him. She had already placed her fingers on the laptop’s touchpad and opened an audio file. 
“Linda? Why are you calling me at this hour? Does… Does this mean Gareth has not returned?” 
Gareth frowned. He recognized Rose’s voice. 
“Mom…” Linda said with a choking tone. 
Rose responded sternly, “What’s going on? Did something happen?” 
Linda sounded like she was crying. “Garry, Garry’s back.” 
Rose chuckled. “Darling, this will eventually happen. Although you haven’t married Gareth, judging from his character, he will take care of you. This is a good thing for you. Silly, why are you crying? What is he doing now? Have you gone to the bathroom to call me?” 
… 
At this point, Elisa could sense a wave of coldness from Gareth. She smiled and said, “Let’s continue listening. Don’t get angry yet.” 
Gareth pursed his lips but did not say anything. 
… 
Soon, Linda’s panicking voice sounded. “No… That’s not it.”
“If it was that, why would I be afraid? He did return, but I’m crying because he left in disgust as soon as he saw me. He hates me! Mom, he has no desire to marry me!” 
Norman asked, “What is going on?” 
Linda answered, “He told me to leave here! He doesn’t love me or does not want to marry me! But previously, he seemed earnest about marrying me. I don’t understand what’s going on now. Could it be because he’s unable to forget Elisa?” 
“Nonsense. When did he ever like Elisa?” 
Rose sighed helplessly. “Linda, you recovered too soon.” 
… 
Elisa arched her eyebrow slightly upon hearing this. 
She looked at Gareth as if to ascertain his reaction. 
Gareth frowned even tighter. 
… 
Norman said, “What do you mean?” 
Rose explained, “I was hesitant about letting Linda recover from a coma last time. After all, it was only a little more than a month… Even if we had advanced medical treatment, it was still too soon. You should have let him see you suffer while bedridden.” 
…
The atmosphere in the room seemed colder than the eternal winter in the artic. Elisa could feel freezing air on her back. 
Her words revealed many things. 
If Gareth believed what he heard, it would be interesting to see what he would do. 
Thus, Elisa did not say anything but smiled vaguely. 
… 
Norman asked, “What should we do now?” 
Rose said, “Linda, I’ll arrange for a group of people to head to you. When they are about to arrive, you should act dispirited and walk outside. Oh, also, call me five minutes before you go out. You just have to cry and not say anything, understand?” 
Linda responded, “Mom, do you mean…” 
… 
Gareth’s expression darkened threateningly. Yet, Elisa found the matter humorous. “Mr. Wickam, do you think this recording is real?” 
Gareth looked at her coldly but remained silent. 
Elisa said gleefully, “Relapse, haha. See, are you regretting it now? She pulled you deep into her trap, but you let her and her family play you around like a fool.” 
At this point, Elisa chuckled and said, “Even I can’t help but pity you a bit.”
###chapter465
Chapter 465
Linda said, "Will... Will it work? If I do this, I'll lose the chance to interact with him. If he spends time with Elisa again..." 
“We have to make it work. He has lost his sense of remorse toward you, so you must find a way to make him feel guilty about you again and pity you. After all, this was how you got rid of Elisa in the first place!” 
Norman asked, "What is your plan? How is she going to have a relapse?” 
Rose said, "I will send a few thugs over. There will also be a Good Samaritan. Linda, do you understand?" 
Linda took a deep breath. “I understand. I will get ready now.” 
“Good. In twenty minutes, give Monica a call. By the twenty-fifth minute, you need to dress up properly and leave.” 
Linda replied, "Yes, I understand” 
The voice recording ended here. Elisa was astounded. She did not expect Yara to obtain such evidence. 
Everything happened too smoothly. Thus, it naturally aroused suspicions. When Elisa heard about the incident, she immediately thought Linda was playing tricks again. However, she was not sure what Gareth thought about it. 
She glanced at him and saw his cold gaze and pursed lips. It seemed he was determined not to say anything. Even so, Elisa chuckled nonchalantly. Never mind, there's more proof later.
Then, she clicked open a photo. A large and high- definition photo showed up on the screen. Her eyes gleamed with delight as she looked at it. 
“Come take a look. There are a few photos.” 
Elisa scrolled through the photos one by one. Gareth saw every one of them clearly. 
The photos showed Linda's assistant, Yara, communicating with a few thugs. The photo that showed Yara giving a bank card to a thug was especially high definition. 
Yara had a cold expression, but the thug looked eager to please. 
Elisa smiled and said, "I won't give you all the evidence. You can investigate this yourself and see whether these thugs were among the people who tried to harm Linda.’ 
Gareth clenched his hands tightly. One could hear his knuckles cracking. 
Elisa pursed her lips. He wouldn't be this angry if he didn't believe the evidence. 
She did not expect things to proceed so well today. 
Initially, she wanted Gareth to investigate the matter himself. Previously, she thought Gareth would be even more furious if he found out the truth this way. 
Now, she did not think that would work. After all, this man was severely blinded. 
“Once you have finished looking at the photos, there are videos. Mr. Wickam, don't worry.’ 
Then, Elisa clicked open a video. The video showed a man sitting in the corner of a café. He was looking down at his phone, but it was not possible to see his phone screen.
After a while, a woman gradually came near and sat in the seat opposite him. 
She did not say anything but handed him an envelope. 
The envelope was stuffed full. Anyone could guess that it was a thick stack of cash. 
It was hard to hear what the woman said. The dashing man opened the envelope casually and peeked inside. 
Then, he put the envelope into his bag. 
Their later conversations were also inaudible, but it seemed like they were making a deal. 
Most importantly, the woman in the video was Yara, Linda's assistant. 
Moreover, that man was the one who saved Linda and brought her to the hospital. 
Once the video ended, Elisa turned to Gareth and smiled vaguely. “Would you like me to send this evidence to Thomas?"
###chapter466
Chapter 466
Chapter 466 The Truth 
After the divorce, Elisa deleted all of Gareth’s contact from her phone, but she kept Thomas’s contact. She was an ive person. 
Gareth’s expression darkened as he saw one piece of evidence after another. His expression had turned so intimidating that people were afraid to look at him. 
However, Elisa was not bothered by it and chuckled. “Mr. Wickam, I’ve shown you the truth. Is it to your satisfaction?” 
Gareth did not reply but got up and left. 
His ominous expression prompted Elisa to arch her eyebrows. She had never seen him with such a threatening gaze in their three years of marriage. 
That excited her a little. 
She would be happy if she could see Linda suffer from now on. 
However, this was only the beginning. 
In the future, Elisa planned to expose everything about Linda pretending to be comatose to Gareth. Then, he would see how blind he was to believe such a devious woman. 
Then, Elisa turned off the laptop and opened her Whatsapp to message Yara. 
—Elisa: You did well. 
—Yara: It’s my duty. Feel free to let me know if you need anything.
All Yara wanted was to free herself from Linda and stop suffering from her various abuse. She would lose her mind if she had to keep working for Linda. 
—Elisa: You should continue investigating and sending me anything detrimental to her. I will filter them. You should also stay safe during this period. 
Yara: Sure. 
… 
Gareth had just gotten into his car when Thomas called him. 
His expression turned stern. He pressed to answer the call but did not say anything. 
“Mr. Wickam, just now… Ms. Benett sent me a few things. I think you need to have a look at them.” 
“I want you to investigate the source of those videos and determine whether they are real. I’ve already seen them.” Gareth’s tone was cold as frost. 
Thomas was stunned for a moment before answering, “Yes, sir.” 
Then, Gareth hung up. His gaze grew threatening. 
But… He was unaware that the evidence Elisa gave him was untraceable. 
Only she could find out the source of those videos. 
Elisa already dealt with them and deleted every trace that would lead to Yara. 
Thus, all Gareth would be able to find out was the truth of the matter. 
Gareth started the car and sped away.
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa was in her room and did not feel like sleeping. 
She considered and decided to head to the hospital. 
Otherwise, Will would come by at noon to bother her anyway. 
Thus, Elisa got ready and left the house. 
Before driving, she sent Will a message. 
—Elisa: Mr. Darcey, you don’t have to come by at noon. I’m not at home. 
Then, she left speedily in her car. 
She bought lunch for a few people on the way to the hospital. 
It was around when Rachel and the others planned to get lunch. However, they did not feel like eating. 
Rachel and Sheena were surprised to see Elisa. 
Sheena furrowed her brow. “Didn’t we tell you to rest? Why are you here again?” 
“I couldn’t sleep, so I felt I would be more useful here.” Elisa passed them their lunch as she spoke. “You should eat something. We need to be well to be able to take good care of him.” 
Rachel sighed and accepted the food. “Alright, you can remain here then. Mr. Semoa doesn’t want Mrs. Semoa to worry, so she still knows nothing about this. What we can do now is to watch over Carle and make sure nothing else happens to him.”
###chapter467
Chapter 467
Chapter 467 You Love Him, Right? 
“Yes,” Sheena answered flatly and accepted the food. They then went to the room next door and began to eat. 
But neither of them had any appetite and ate the food mechanically. 
On the other hand, Sheena began to cry again as she ate. 
Rachel looked up and saw Sheena’s tears dripping onto the lunch box. 
“Sheen…” 
Sheena’s eyes glimmered. She quickly turned her face away. 
Elisa sighed and felt even more remorseful than before. 
Rachel rushed to comfort Sheena. “Sheen, don’t cry. We must face the present reality, but it doesn’t mean Carle has no hope. He will wake up because he is the lucky star among us. Do you remember how he was able to resolve any trouble that he came across?” 
Sometimes, hearing words of comfort made one feel worst. Moreover, Sheena was anxious. 
Thus, she immediately put down her cutlery, covered her face, and sobbed. 
“I’m afraid. I can’t help feeling scared… Carle is still so young. He has many more years ahead of him. He…” 
Elisa looked down miserably. She did not know what to say at this moment.
Rachel also put down her cutlery. Her eyes were red. “That’s why I said he’s a lucky star. Nothing will happen to him!” 
Sheena took a tissue and wiped her face. 
“Yes, I worry too much…” 
Then, Sheena looked at Elisa. “Liz, he likes you the most. I beg of you. Can you coax him to wake up tonight? You should tell him that you will marry him once he wakes up! Liz, please…” 
Elisa’s heart trembled. But… How would I dare to say anything hurtful and dispiriting to him at this moment? 
Carle would feel even sadder and hopeless if he heard them. 
Thus, I have to lie to him, but looking at Sheen… 
Elisa’s eyes glimmered. “Sheen, you have feelings for him, right?” 
Sheena was stunned. She pursed her lips and did not say anything. 
It would be pointless to deny it at this point. 
Previously, she was able to pretend not to care. But looking at Carle’s current condition, she could not bear it anymore. 
Rachel’s expression changed. She also looked at Sheena. 
But she had sensed since yesterday that Sheena’s feelings for Carle were different from theirs.
Elisa sighed softly. “Once he has recovered, you… You should try telling him. Otherwise, he would never know. You hid it too well.” 
Sheena laughed bitterly. “You’re the one he loves, and he loves you deeply. He is willing to do anything for you. So, what’s the point of confessing my feelings to him? I would only be hurting my own feelings…” 
She looked down dejectedly and did not wish to speak anymore. But she later realized her words were harsh, so she turned to Elisa urgently. “Liz, I’m not blaming you. I just wanted to point out the situation between Carle and me. He has the freedom to love you. Similarly, I can’t stop myself from loving him.” 
Elisa nodded and looked at Sheena solemnly. “I understand. But… I’m a divorcee. I’ve already given up on love and will never be with Carle. Do you understand?” 
Sheena was stunned. She looked at Elisa immediately. “Carle has never cared about your past. Furthermore, he would be so happy if you were willing to be with him. Are… Are you not going to consider him?”
###chapter468
Chapter 468
Chapter 468 He Is Bothersome 
Elisa nodded without hesitation. “Yes, I won’t consider it.” 
Will keeps bothering me these days, and Gareth has been behaving strangely. If I decide to be with Carle, wouldn’t I be causing him trouble? 
“I have always thought of him as my elder brother,” Elisa said slowly. These were also the words that broke Carle’s heart that day. 
Rachel tried to speak a few times but stopped herself. Now, she felt she had lost the chance to speak. 
Elisa and Sheena were Rachel’s best friends and were like sisters to her. Now that a man had gotten between them, she did not know whom she should advise. 
Sheena took a deep breath. “Alright. If he gets through this risky period and recovers, I will confess my feelings to him. Regardless of whether he would accept me, I will let him know how I feel.” 
Rachel pursed her lips and did not speak. Although they are my best friends, I feel… Perhaps it is better this way. But I still feel Carle and Elisa is the best match for each other. 
Elisa nodded. “Sure.” 
The room quieted down again. Sheena wiped her tears and did not say anything else. 
Suddenly, Elisa’s phone vibrated. She picked it up. 
—Will: Have you gone AWOL on me? 
—Elisa: Are you at my house?
—Will: I’m on the ground floor of the hospital. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Will kept pestering her non-stop. 
Soon, her phone rang, but Elisa rejected the call immediately. 
She messaged in reply. 
—Elisa: I’m busy. Mr. Darcey, I won’t have time to meet for a few days. Can we talk about work next time? 
—Will: Liz, are you sure you don’t want to come down? I might head upstairs soon. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She took a deep breath, looked at her friends, and said helplessly. “I have to head downstairs and will be back in a while.” 
Sheena and Rachel nodded. Neither of them said anything. 
Elisa went out quickly, leaving Sheena and Rachel by themselves in the room. 
Rachel looked at Sheena with slight confusion. “Sheen, When… When did you start liking Carle?” 
Sheena was stunned for a moment before smiling awkwardly. “I suppose there’s no point hiding now. I’ve already loved him for ten years.” 
Rachel widened her eyes and could not stop herself from exclaiming, “Ten years!” 
Sheena forced a laugh as if deriding herself. “I’ve hidden it so well, right?”
Rachel opened her mouth but did not know what she should say. She paused for a moment. Then, she could not help but shake her head and breathed in before saying, “You… You hid it too well. I didn’t notice at all.” 
Sheena pursed her lips and remained quiet. 
Rachel sighed and said, “Liz is right. Since you love him… You should let him know and fight for your happiness. Liz doesn’t love Carle, so even if you give them your blessings, they might not be happy together…” 
Rachel had finally come to accept this. She decided not to match up Elisa with Carle anymore. 
Sheena’s lashes trembled slightly, but she remained silent. 
The room turned quiet again. 
Meanwhile, Elisa was already downstairs and found a tall man standing by the hospital entrance. 
As if sensing her presence, he turned around slowly and looked at her calm expression. His lips gradually curved into a smile. 
“Liz.” His tone was gentle as a pleasant breeze.
###chapter469
Chapter 469
Chapter 469 You and Will 
Elisa looked at him. “What…” 
What are you here for? 
She felt it was pointless to ask this question. 
Anyone could see he had come to woo her. 
He was doing everything to make her his. Thus, she would be wasting her breath if she asked that question. 
Will smiled at her. “I’m concerned that it would be tiring for you to take care of him, so I came to accompany you.” 
“That’s unnecessary!” Elisa refused immediately. 
Carle could not bear any emotional triggers at this moment. She feared he would feel worse if he saw Will. 
Then, Elisa looked at Will and said, “Mr. Darcey, I need to remain in the hospital, and I hope you will keep your distance from me during this period.” 
Will narrowed his eyes. “Do you care a lot about him?” 
“He is my family.” 
Family.
Elisa bit her lower lip. She had inadvertently revealed to Will how important Carle was to her with that one word. 
However, Will laughed upon hearing her. 
“Do you see him as a family and not a lover?” 
Elisa frowned and looked at Will with displeasure. 
Will seemed to be in a better mood and said with a smile, “I came here to give you something, and I won’t bother you again the next few days. But if you don’t take care of yourself, I won’t be bothered about the person you care about. After all…” 
He suddenly came near Elisa. The move surprised her, but before she could retreat, Will said calmly, “I only care about you.” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes slightly and took a step back. She looked at the folder he had placed in her hand and gripped it. Then, she said calmly, “I understand. Please leave, Mr. Darcey.” 
Will seemed to have something in mind as he looked at the folder in her hand and smiled. “Sure.” 
Elisa did not think much about it. She glanced at Will and turned around without another word to head inside the hospital. 
Elisa entered the elevator. She found it strange and wondered what kind of document he had given her. After all, the project had not started. She wondered if he had completed the plan for the project. The folder was a little thick and had some weight to it. 
With this in mind, Elisa returned to the room where she had lunch with the other girls. 
Sheena and Rachel watched her come in but did not say anything.
Rachel was usually talkative, but she did not seem to have anything to say today. Instead, she sat in a chair listlessly. 
The two of them looked at the folder in Elisa’s hand but did not say anything. 
Elisa opened the folder slowly. 
There was no document inside. Elisa’s eyes flashed with confusion. 
Instead, there was a beautiful envelope that was made in style to appeal to young ladies. 
However, Elisa was a divorcee and had long lost the sense of romance. Will would have known this. Thus, she could not understand why he gave her something like this. 
Elisa was not in the mood to open the envelope. She closed the folder, sat on a chair, and pulled out her phone. 
Although Rachel was not interested in the folder, she sensed the depressing mood in the room and tried to start a conversation. Thus, she looked at Elisa and said, “Liz, what were you looking at just now? I think I saw an envelope.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed with annoyance. “I don’t know.” 
It was obvious that she did not wish to talk about it. 
Sheena looked at Elisa and said with a hint of bitterness, “Mr. Darcey seems to care about you.” 
Elisa looked at Sheena with confusion. 
Rachel said softly, “We stood by the window for a while just now and saw you with Will.”
###chapter470
Chapter 470
Chapter 470 Elisa nodded. 
"He approached me with the intention to gain something from me" 
Rachel was doubtful about that. 
"I don't think so.He has a prominent status.Although everyone wishes to get on your good side, he can easily negotiate a deal with you as long as he is not your enemy.Thus, why would he need to win you over?" 
Sheena nodded. 
"I think so too.After all, he is at the top of the business world.If he doesn't like you, why would he make so much effort?" 
Elisa pursed her lips and was a little astounded by their claims. 
"I'm a divorcee.Moreover, he is a prominent man, and I'm his greatest rival's ex-wife.Why would he want me?" 
"I'm the woman Gareth discarded.Wouldn't it look bad on Will if he wants me?" 
Elisa did not believe Will had any feelings for her.She thought everything was for the sake of personal gain. 
"You should check out what he prepared for you" 
Elisa did not have a choice.She knew they wanted to distract themselves from the somber atmosphere of the room. 
Thus, Elisa could only take out the envelope from the folder.
"The envelope looks exquisite and full.I wonder what's inside." 
Rachel had a curious expression. 
"But...This envelope is very big." 
She was right. 
The envelope was bigger than an A4 paper even after it was folded. 
Furthermore, it was thick and had some weight to it. 
"Quick, open it." 
Sheena also seemed curious. 
Elisa knew they were trying to distract themselves from the trouble at hand. 
Thus, Elisa paused for a moment and decided to open the envelope. 
However, as soon as she opened it and revealed the content, everyone was stunned. 
Rachel asked in surprise, "Is this a photo album?" 
The cover was light blue. 
Will must have thought Elisa preferred this kind of light blue.It made the photo album look elegant. 
There was also a beautiful landscape picture and the back of a woman in a light blue gown on the cover. 
Rachel was stunned.
"It's so beautiful! Liz, is this you?" 
Elisa pursed her lips but remained quiet. 
Sheena urged, "Quick, open it to have a look.Elisa had no choice but to open it.The first photo showed Elisa sitting alone on a couch.She seemed peerless and unique.She looked demure and noble in her evening gown.One could not look away from her serene expression.The second photo was also in a similar setting.However, this photo was obviously photoshopped.It was from when she attended a banquet with Will.There was always many people around them. 
"Will is very romantic...Liz, would you consider marrying him?" 
Rachel was in awe. 
"No." 
Elisa continued flipping the pages.She found one of the photos showing her holding Will's arm. 
He was looking at her affectionately, prompting Elisa to frown. 
However, Rachel looked at the photo and said, "Liz, don't say that yet.You and Will look so good standing together..." 
Sheena added, "A handsome man and a beautiful woman will always look good standing together.Previously, didn't Liz and Gareth look like a match made in heaven when they stood next to each other?" 
Elisa narrowed her eyes slightly.She lost the mood to continue looking at the photos. 
But Rachel was already flipping through it herself.
She turned one page after another. 
They were all beautiful photos of Elisa. 
Will was also in a few of them with her. 
Elisa's frown deepened. 
When did Will get someone to take them? Why did I not notice? When they reached the final photo, Rachel was in awe. 
"Aww, he even wrote a message for you."
###chapter471
Chapter 471
The ladies looked at the page with Will's vigorous and bold handwriting. 
My dear princess:I know you're a lawyer, so I didn't infringe on your image rights.I produced these photos myself and did not go through anyone.I will also not distribute them. 
They shall remain our personal secret. 
Do you like them? 
"How romantic!" 
Rachel had a wistful look in her eyes. 
"If any man does this for me, I will marry him" 
There was a hint of bitterness in Sheena's eyes. 
In actuality, she wished for Elisa and Carle to be together. 
However, she loved Carle deeply and could not help but feel a little selfish.She felt a sense of relief that Elisa did not love Carle.She was troubled by the conflicting feelings. 
At the same time, she felt she should not be narrow-minded. 
Instead, she believed she should bless the person she loved and not be possessive of him. 
In an instant, Sheena felt an intense headache. 
When will Carle wake up? How long is he going to remain unconscious...Her eyes turned red as she thought about this.She turned away and pretended to drink some water.
Elisa closed the photo album and put it back into the envelope. 
Rachel looked at Elisa and said softly, "Liz, you're...You're not going to return this photo album to him, right? These are all your photos." 
"No, I won't." 
Why should I give it back to him?I want him to delete all the photos now!But he must have made another album for himself too. 
Elisa pursed her lips and felt immense frustration.She did not want to keep being involved with him this way. 
Suddenly, Elisa's phone vibrated.She tapped on the screen to open the message. 
—Will: Do you like it? 
—Elisa: You have infringed my image rights. 
Mr.Darcey, I will sue you. 
—Will: In that case, I will compensate you. 
How much would you like? What about me? I'm all yours. 
Elisa pursed her lips and put down her phone without bothering to reply to him. 
Meanwhile, in the Benett Residence, Linda was unaware that Gareth already knew some of her doings. 
She was still plotting how to bring Elisa down. 
Rose came in and saw Linda in deep thought.
She said helplessly, "You're getting engaged next month.What are you still worrying about now?" 
Linda frowned. 
"When he asked me out for dinner previously, it was not to cheer me up.Instead, it seems he was using me to anger Elisa.Mom, I think something is wrong." 
Rose's expression turned solemn. 
"Elisa is getting more and more unruly these days.We were kind enough to let her enter Benett Corporation, but now, it seems we have to find a way to kick her out of the company" 
Linda sneered in anger. 
"How can we kick her out? Elisa has produced a plan that made Darcey Group and Wickam Group compete to work with her.If we kick her out now, people will hate us." 
What Linda said made sense. 
Thus, Rose's expression darkened. 
"I need to talk to your father and find out what's going on.However, things were not as simple as she thought.Linda had no idea that her deception had been exposed.Rose took out her phone and called Norman. 
Norman soon answered.He sounded tired. 
"What's the matter?" 
"Is it convenient for you to speak?"
Rose turned on the speaker mode. 
Linda looked at the phone but did not speak. 
"Sure, what is it?" 
Rose frowned and said, "Gareth is behaving strangely with Linda now.Why do you still let Elisa continue on this project? If both sides request for Elisa, you might as well refuse both."
###chapter472
Chapter 472
Norman rubbed his brow and said solemnly, "Do you think I don't wish to kick her out? The matter has now come to this.What makes you think I have any control over it?" 
"The plan has been revealed to the public, and everyone knows what happened.If I refuse to let Elisa participate,everyone will criticize me for being mean and ungrateful. 
How are you going to help me then?" 
Rose took a deep breath and frowned in frustration, but she did not say anything. 
After a pause, she said sternly, "What are we to do now? We can't keep letting Elisa show her skills.If this goes on, I fear she will ruin us.She is clearly suspecting us.If she finds anything, we are all doomed!" 
Norman appeared afraid, but he immediately replied in a firm tone, "There's no evidence left.What can she find even if she investigates? Stop scaring me for nothing.She will most certainly attend this collaboration project.I'm still considering whether she should work with Darcey Group or Wickam Group" 
"You must not let her go to Wickam Group!" 
Linda ed immediately.Her eyes were filled with panic and fear. 
"She keeps getting involved with Gareth, and Gareth also treats her differently from before.If you let them work together for a few months, it would ruin my future with him!" 
Norman frowned but did not speak.Rose clenched her teeth.
"If we let something happen to Elisa, the two companies would have no choice but to work with someone else" 
Norman arched his eyebrows. 
"Do you have a plan?" 
"We must come up with a plan no matter what! I'll find a way to deal with this.You need to help me delay the matter for five days." 
"Don't do anything rash!" 
"We have no choice but to act now.Elisa must not be allowed to work with them by herself no matter what! Otherwise, we'll all be in danger!" 
Rose's fury grew as she spoke.She had been with Norman for a few decades. 
Therefore, how would she not know his character? She scolded immediately, "You have better wake up! There will always be other chances to earn money.You must not be blinded by the huge profit! Once Elisa climbs in ranks, she will kick us all out of the company.Don't you know what will happen to us then?" 
Whenever they were in a similar situation, Rose would always want to scold Norman for being an idiot. 
If she had not guided him from behind all these years, Norman would have committed countless mistakes.He would never have had the chance to snatch Benett Corporation, and his greed would have landed him in prison. 
Norman's expression darkened.
"Who is she to think that she can take over everything by herself? I didn't stay in Benett Corporation all these years for nothing." 
"Elisa now has a backer.Who are you compared to him? Take a look at Will! He is willing to do anything for Elisa.If Elisa desires it, he will act against us straight away.Do you want that to happen? If you let her work with Will, it will only bring them closer.But if she works with Gareth, it will ruin our daughter's chance of marriage.Elisa must not go to either of them!" 
Linda's face turned pale.She clenched her fists and gritted her teeth. 
Norman frowned and did not speak.He considered what his wife had said. 
However, he still felt indignant. 
"Must we give up such a massively profitable project?" 
Rose was so furious that she nearly fainted.She scolded immediately, "Do you still not understand? What you're doing won't earn you profit but stir up future trouble!"
###chapter473
Chapter 473
Norman furrowed his brow. 
"What are you planning to do then?" 
"You don't need to trouble yourself over this.I'll figure out a plan." 
After saying that, Rose ignored Norman and hung up straight away. 
Linda looked at Rose worriedly. 
"Mom, what are you going to do?" Rose frowned. 
"Other than a threat to her life, do you think there is any better way? If Elisa doesn't die, I believe we will never have peace in our life" 
Linda widened her eyes in shock. 
"Are...Are you planning to kill her?" 
"How is it possible to kill her now?" 
Rose had a woeful expression. 
"Are you planning to make her ill first?" 
Linda frowned and continued in disagreement, "What use is a minor illness?" 
"We can't delay for too long.Otherwise, the company will force your father to make a choice.We need to carry out everything within five days."
Linda furrowed her brow.She saw how suddenly her mother had made the decision, and how she seemed to have run out of plans. 
Thus, Linda did not trust her mother at all.She had a feeling it would be too risky to do this. 
If they were discovered, they would go to prison. 
However, on careful thought, it seemed this was the only way to make Elisa give up. 
Linda felt unbearably anxious. 
Time continued to flow by, and it was nearly the twenty-four-hour mark. 
Sheena looked at Elisa. 
"Liz, later...We are relying on you." 
Elisa nodded with conflicting emotions in her eyes.She was not sure whether it would work.But she had no choice but to try. 
Sheena planned to say something else, but someone suddenly opened the door.It was Edward. 
Elisa and the others stood up immediately to greet him. 
They called out at the same time, "Mr.Semoa’ Elisa's gaze was filled with shame.Edward did not know the truth yet. 
Thus, she took a deep breath and said remorsefully, "Mr.Semoa, it’s my fault that Carle..." 
Edward looked at Elisa with a surprised expression. 
"Elisa, why are you suddenly saying that?"
Edward did not know Elisa was Wisteria. 
Elisa pursed her lips. 
In the end, she told him the truth remorsefully. 
Edward's face turned pale.He was astounded. 
Never did he expect Carle to be so distracted by sadness that he was knocked down by a car. 
What was even more unexpected was Carle was in love with Elisa. 
Elisa is way out of his league! Will Darcey and Gareth Wickam are interested in her. 
Anyone who knows the inside story can see it.But my son is an idiot! Edward said, "Elisa, this is not your fault.No one knows their fate.Even without this matter with you, he might still have gotten into an accident.Now, we can only hope that he gets through the risky period" 
Elisa was stunned for a moment. 
In the end, she sighed and did not say anything. 
Sheena glanced at Edward and was worried that he would go to Carle immediately and tell him that Elisa was out of his league. 
Thus, she said to Edward, "Mr.Semoa" 
Edward looked at her but did not speak. 
Sheena said without hesitation.
"Let's not consider Elisa and Carle's future relationship yet.Now, Carle seems to have lost the will to live...Therefore, Mr.Semoa, I hope you will refrain from talking to him about his relationship with Elisa.Instead, just say that you approve of them getting married, okay?" 
Edward was stunned with shock. 
Rachel nodded in support of Sheena. 
"That's right...Right now, letting him know that Elisa agrees to be with him is the only way for him to regain hope"
###chapter474
Chapter 474
Edward had no choice but to nod. 
"Alright..." 
Elisa looked down and pursed her lips but did not say anything. 
Edward sighed and looked at Elisa. 
"In that case, Liz, tonight..." 
Elisa nodded. 
"Yes, I will remain here.Mr.Semoa, you're a busy man, and Mrs.Semoa doesn't know anything yet.Thus, it's better for you to return home quickly.Don't worry.We'll take good care of him" 
Edward sighed helplessly. 
When it was time for visitation, the doctor only allowed one person to enter. 
Edward went in and stayed there for half an hour. 
Once he came out, he looked at Elisa dejectedly and said in a tired tone, "He...He might not wake up anytime soon.I'll leave him in your care." 
Elisa's eyes gleamed as she nodded. 
"I'll go in to see him now and will stay with him tonight." 
Edward nodded and had nothing else to say.
Elisa turned her phone to silent mode, disinfected herself, and stepped in. 
Rachel looked at Sheena crying profusely and noticed how red and swollen her eyes were.She sniffled and held Sheena’s hand. 
"Sheen, he will recover.There's no doubt he will.You must have faith in Liz!" 
You must also have faith in Carle's feelings for Elisa. 
However, she did not dare to say that out loud, fearing she would make Sheena feel worse. 
"Yes, I have faith in her.I also believe that Carle would not remain this way for the rest of his life!" 
Sheena solemnly watched Elisa enter Carle's room. 
Elisa heard her.She took a deep breath to control her emotions and walked in. 
There was a bed in the middle of the room. 
Carle lay on it with an oxygen mask over his face and his whole d body secured with a cast. 
Furthermore, his head was covered with bandages, so she could only see half of his bruised face. 
The sight immediately filled her with more remorse. 
"Carle." 
Elisa took a deep breath before saying softly.She sat beside Carle's bed and looked at him laying unresponsively on it. 
Then she sighed.
"Can you please wake up and stop sleeping? Do you remember how happy we were when we were little?" 
Elisa sank into her memories. 
"The four of us were also together then.You were our eldest brother who protected the three of us.In actuality, I could sense at the time that I was the one you wished to protect the most.However, I didn't know anything and thought you protected me because I was the weakest among us.I thought you found me the most pitiful because I lost my mother at a young age.I thought that was the reason all of you doted on me." 
Elisa looked at him and continued earnestly, "In actuality, you have loved me since then, right?" 
She pursed her lips and mocked herself. 
"I was at fault for being unaware and unwise.Furthermore...I fell in love with the wrong person." 
"Carle, I think, if I had known that you liked me then and focused my attention on you, things would be different now, wouldn't they?" 
"That way, I wouldn't have insisted on marrying Gareth and would have wanted to marry you.Perhaps I would never experience divorce.You and I would be together even in our old age." 
Elisa kept talking but Carle did not show any reaction. 
She pretended to want to hold his hand to feel his pulse.Then, she sneered at herself and said, "That's why I regret my choices, Carle.I feel ashamed for rejecting you and failing to appreciate you.Are...Are you willing to give me another chance?"
###chapter475
Chapter 475
Chapter 475 She kept staring at Carle after she finished speaking. 
However, there was no response at all. 
Elisa sighed dejectedly. 
"Are...Are you not willing to forgive me? Is that why you refuse to wake up? Carle, if you wake up, I promise I'll be with you, okay?" 
Carle still did not show any reaction as before. 
Elisa put on a sad expression and sighed.She sounded despondent as she said, "I knew it...You are not willing to forgive me.Mr.Semoa has approved of us being together.It’s my fault for failing to appreciate you and losing you." 
The room became silent again. 
Elisa remain in her chair and did not move.She was trying to figure out a way to trigger Carle and make him want to wake up. 
At the same time, she did not dare to threaten to leave if he did not wake up. 
But she could not let Carle continue to remain unconscious. 
Thus, she sighed and said, "I understand.I believe you can hear everything I say.In order not to affect your recovery, I'll accompany you for three days.If you still don't wake up after three days, I'll believe you don't wish to see me anymore and are unwilling to forgive me.Then..." 
Elisa breathed in softly and said in a sad tone, "I'll leave, and I won't bother you anymore."
After saying that, Elisa sensed a slight movement in Carle's fingers.She widened her eyes in shock as she did not expect him to react so soon. 
Thus, she immediately held Carle's hand and said urgently, "Carle, you wish to wake up, right? You still care about me, right?" 
However, Carle did not move, prompting Elisa to think she was mistaken. 
Elisa kept staring at his hand, but he remained completely stl. 
The room fell into heavy silence again. 
But Elisa continued to talk to him.She kept trying to trigger his emotions. 
Then, Carle's fingers twitched twice. 
Elisa knew this was a sign of hope.She immediately pressed the bell before the bed. 
Soon, a doctor came in. 
Rachel and Sheena, who were sitting on chairs along the corridor, stood up immediately. 
They looked in curiously with a ray of hope in their eyes. 
As soon as the doctor came in, Elisa told him how Carle's fingers twitched three times. 
The doctor was astonished.He looked at Elisa and said excitedly, "He was able to move so soon?" 
Elisa nodded. 
"Yes, I'm sure of it." 
The doctor glanced at the medical staff with him and nodded.
The two of them immediately came forward to carry out a series of tests. 
Elisa did not want to disturb them and left the room. 
Sheena rushed to her and held her hands before asking urgently, "Liz, what happened just now?" 
Elisa pursed her lips and said sofily, "I kept talking to him, and his fingers twitched continuously three times." 
Sheena and Rachel were shocked and surprised, "Are you sure?" 
Elisa nodded. 
"Yes." 
"My goodness!" 
Sheena felt on the verge of fainting. 
"Did...Did I hear correctly? Carle's fingers moved.They moved three times!" 
Rachel stared at Elisa. 
She needed Elisa to confirm what she had said. 
Elisa nodded. 
"Yes, I saw it clearly.It was three times." 
Sheena could not control herself and burst into tears. 
Rachel held her.
"Sheen, don't cry.This is good news! It means Carle will recover!"
###chapter476
Chapter 476 
Sheena nodded eagerly. 
"Yes, that's right! This is good news! It's good news! I, I'm so glad! I'll call Mr.Semoa! This will cheer him up!" 
"No!" 
Elisa saw Sheena pull out her phone and rushed to stop her. 
"Mr.Semoa might be with Mrs.Semoa now.She mustn't know about this." 
Sheena immediately realized her mistake. 
"Yes, yes.I wasn't thinking straight..." 
The three of them stood along the corridor and waited for the doctor to come out of the room. 
Elisa looked down slightly and thought about Carle's condition.She believed she had a good understanding of it at this point. 
What she could do now was to find ways to wake him up. 
A while later, the doctors came out of the room. 
The three of them focused on the doctors’ expressions and did not wish to miss anything. 
"Doctor, how...how's his condition?" 
Sheena asked in trepidation.
The leading doctor shook his head, causing Elisa and the others to worry. 
Another doctor explained, "Although his fingers moved, his body vitals are still the same as before.There's no difference.Thus, it was likely a random stimulation from the nerves.He might not have moved..." 
Sheena's expression blanched. 
However, Elisa insisted, "No, it wasn't like that." 
The two doctors looked at Elisa. 
Elisa continued, "His fingers moved whenever I talked about something important.I don't think it was a coincidence" 
The doctors frowned slightly. 
It seemed they were unable to confirm the matter for now. 
Still, Elisa continued to explain calmly, "I believe he is aware of his surroundings but is unable to wake up due to the severity of his injuries.When I spoke to him, I deliberately spoke in parts and explained matters to him slowly.I also mentioned key points to trigger him.Thus, I believe his reaction was not from some random stimulation of the nerves but a conscious reaction from his brain." 
The doctor's expression grew even more solemn. 
"Wait for a moment.We will check on him again." 
The doctors did not wait for Elisa's reply but rushed into Carle's room. 
Elisa and the others waited outside in anticipation.
"I hope Carle will wake up soon." 
Elisa held their hands and replied calmly, "He will wake up.I believe he will wake up within three days." 
Sheena and Rachel looked at Elisa in shock, but they quickly looked away. 
They believed Elisa only said that to comfort them. 
Around half an hour later, the two doctors came out again. 
They had somber expressions and shook their heads helplessly. 
"We've checked another time, but his vitals remain the same.Ms.Benett, since he showed signs of a mentally stimulated response, I hope you can continue to trigger him.But you should be careful not to overwork his mind and give him time to rest." 
Elisa nodded. 
"I'll talk to him again for another two hours.Then, I'll let him rest and continue again tomorrow morning." 
The doctors nodded in agreement. 
"That will be the best.In that case, thank you for your hard work" 
Elisa shook her head. 
"You guys are the ones doing the hard work.You should rest first.If there is any new development, I might have to call you again." 
The doctors nodded.
"Sure: After exchanging a few words, the two doctors left.Elisa looked at Sheena and considered for a moment before saying, "Would...Would you like to spend time with him?"
###chapter477
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 477
Sheena was stunned and shook her head. “I can’t go in.” 
Elisa sighed and said softly, “I spent a long time with him and told him that I regret my actions and wish to be with him. I’ve also told him how Mr. Semoa gave us his blessings. So, I have actually said everything I needed to say.” 
Sheena shook her head. “No, you should go in and spend time with him. Only you can…” 
Elisa shook her head. “I’m thinking. If I continue to trigger him, will it backfire?” 
Rachel seemed to realize something and nodded in agreement. “Yes, Sheen. I know you miss him very much, so why don’t you go in and spend some time with him?” 
In actuality, Elisa and Rachel did not know how to persuade Sheena. 
Elisa was unable to point out how much Sheena wished to see Carle because it would hurt her feelings. However, she could see how worried Sheena was, so she could only persuade her to see him this way. 
Of course, Elisa and Rachel were right to consider that. Elisa was actually worried about Sheena too. 
Sheena frowned. “Then… I’ll go in and say a little something to cheer him up.” 
Elisa and Rachel nodded. They could not help but worry. 
Soon, Sheena finished the sanitizing procedure and entered the room. 
She saw Carle lying on the bed and could not stop her tears from falling.
She took a deep breath and looked up, forcing herself to stop crying. 
Then, she gradually came to Carle and sat beside him. 
“Carle.” 
There was no response from him. 
# 
Sheena looked at him and said softly, “Do you know how sad Liz was when I saw her just now? She said you don’t love or want her anymore.” 
Sheena stared at Carle as she spoke, wanting to see if he had any reaction. 
However, he remained completely still. 
She breathed in and continued, “Just now, Liz cried and told us she regretted what she did. She said if she had not said something to trigger you, you wouldn’t have gotten hurt. In actuality, she believes she is unworthy of you because she is a divorcee… That was why she kept rejecting you. The truth is, she cares about you. Carle, please wake up. You need to wake up so that she can marry you. Rachel and I plan to be her bridesmaids. We shall be witnesses to your everlasting love.” 
After two hours, Sheena walked out dejectedly. She did not see any sign of improvement in Carle throughout her time with him. 
It caused her to begin to doubt whether what Elisa saw was only her imagination. 
After all, the doctors said his condition remained the same. 
Sheena sighed and said, “I’ll keep watch here. You two should get some rest. Liz, I think you should be the one to go in tomorrow morning. I think… Only you can trigger his reaction.”
Elisa’s eyes flashed in protest, but she nodded in the end. “Sure.” 
It was night. 
Although everyone wanted to rest, none of them could fall asleep. 
At the same time, in another location, someone was also having difficulty falling asleep. 
Gareth lay on his bed. He had finally completed his work. 
However, as soon as he thought about the hospital, he would think of a certain woman keeping a man company the whole night. It made him so furious that he wished to strangle her. 
Soon, he received a few messages on his phone. 
-Thomas: Ms. Benett is staying in the hospital tonight. She has applied for three days‘ leave from the company. Thus, she will also be in the hospital tomorrow morning. 
-Thomas: Our personnel have found out that Ms. Benett decided to accept Mr. Carle’s affection to… 
Gareth’s already intimidating expression darkened dangerously.
###chapter478
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 478
Gareth called Thomas immediately. 
“Mr. Wickam.” 
“How many people are there?” 
“Three. She is with Ms. Gilo and Ms. Markee.” 
Gareth’s expression was cold. “How’s Carle’s condition?” 
“He is unconscious. If he doesn’t wake up in a month, he will enter a vegetative state. Therefore, they are trying everything to get him to wake up.” 
Gareth pursed his lips but did not say anything. 
Thomas knew what Gareth wanted to know and told him about the situation in the hospital. 
“Ms. Elisa is trying to get Mr. Carle to wake up quickly. Thus, she is using any means she can. Tonight, Ms. Elisa, Ms. Gilo, and Ms. Markee will continue to watch him. Also…” 
Gareth remained silent. Thomas breathed in softly and said, “Ms. Elisa is very concerned about the situation in the hospital. Mr. Carle also has some awareness. If you go there, you will…” 
“Cough… Worsen Mr. Carle’s condition. Then, Ms. Benett will…” 
Thomas could not bring himself to finish his sentence. What he said was clear enough. 
Gareth must not go. 
If he goes, he might worsen Carle’s condition. Then, Ms. Benett would make Gareth her enemy.
Any astute person can see that Mr. Wickam is not as calm as he used to. However, he is still unaware of this… 
Of course, I could be mistaken. Perhaps it is only a series of misunderstandings. 
Still, I’ve warned him. But if he insists on going, I can’t stop him either. 
Gareth’s vein throbbed on his forehead. However, his emotions were still under control. 
He paused for a moment before saying sternly, “How’s the investigation on Linda?” 
Thomas hesitated for a moment. He suddenly did not know how he should break it to Gareth. 
Gareth’s expression darkened. 
“Speak!” 
Thomas breathed in softly and answered, “I’m carefully investigating everything Ms. Elisa sent me and have only confirmed two of them.” 
Gareth’s expression remained cold. He did not say a word. 
Thomas cleared his throat before continuing, “The thugs that threatened Ms. Linda that night were indeed connected to the Benett family.” 
He paused for a moment before saying, “The man who saved Ms. Linda was also confirmed to have received payment from Ms. Linda’s assistant.” 
Gareth sneered furiously. 
Wonderful.
That’s just wonderful. 
Linda has been fooling me so well. 
“Keep all the evidence. Is there any progress with the recordings?” 
“Nothing for now…” Thomas hesitated. “The recordings must have been destroyed subsequently, so we can’t find the source yet” 
Gareth’s eyes were cold as ice. “Continue to investigate!” 
“Yes, sir.” 
Gareth hung up straight away. 
He sat on the bed. His gaze was murderous. 
Suddenly, his phone rang. He picked it up and checked the screen as if anticipating someone’s call. 
He and Elisa shared the same habit. They never saved anyone’s number on their phones. 
Looking at the phone number, he knew it was Linda who was calling. 
Gareth’s cold gaze became even more threatening. 
However, for some reason, he still answered the call. 
“What’s the matter?” 
Linda’s expression stiffened slightly when she heard Gareth’s cold tone. Still, she bit her lower lip and said, “Garry, were you asleep…”
“No.” Gareth’s tone remained indifferent. 
Linda’s eyes glimmered as she said softly, “Can… Can I meet you at your company tomorrow?” 
“Why?”
###chapter479
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 479
Linda’s lashes trembled. Even though they were only speaking on the phone, she could sense Gareth’s intimidating aura. 
She paused for a moment before answering softly, “Yes, I would like to discuss some work matters with you.” 
Gareth remained silent for some time. 
Linda immediately panicked. “Garry…” 
“Sure.” 
Linda breathed a sigh of relief and replied with a smile, “Okay then. I’ll see you at the company tomorrow.” 
Gareth grunted in response and hung up. 
He could not be bothered to chat with her. 
Elisa has given me three pieces of evidence. Two of them are proven to be real. It means Linda is not blameless. 
As for the voice recording… 
His phone rang as he thought about this. 
He glanced at the screen and frowned slightly before answering.
“What are you doing? Come out and have fun.” Vincent sounded excited. Judging from his tone, it seemed he would drag Gareth out of the house if he refused. 
Gareth furrowed his brow. But he realized how frustrated he was feeling, so he answered solemnly, “The usual place.” 
Vincent was stunned for a moment before laughing. “This is such a rare occurrence! Let’s go! I’ll call our old buddy to go together.” 
“Sure.” Gareth hung up right after that. He got up to get ready and rushed off in his car. 
Around half an hour later, a few people came to a place. 
Three men sat at a table. Initially, Vincent wanted to call a few ladies to keep them company. However, Jeremy and Gareth were not interested. Thus, it would be pointless for Vincent to call one for himself. 
Vincent reclined on the couch like a ruffian and smiled cheekily at the other two men. “We haven’t met up for a long time. Haven’t you two been too quiet recently?” 
“Who can be as free as you?” 
“Damn! I’m a busy man myself! I’m doing this to maintain our friendship!” 
Jeremy snorted coldly. “Whatever you say,” 
Gareth picked up a glass of beer quietly and drank it alone. 
Jeremy glanced at him and asked calmly, “Why are you so free to hang out today?” 
Gareth answered flatly, “I’ve finished my work for the day.”
Jeremy looked at him closely and smiled vaguely. “From what I see… You can’t have finished your work, right? Work is never ending to you. Once you finished today’s work, you would proceed with tomorrow’s work. So why did you suddenly decide to have a break?” 
Gareth glanced at him coldly but did not speak. 
On the other hand, Vincent suddenly recalled something and turned to Gareth. “By the way, how is Thomas‘ progress with the matter? Has he found anything?” 
Gareth immediately turned his cold gaze to him. Although he did not say anything, one could clearly see the query in his gaze. 
Jeremy looked at Vincent in confusion. “What are you talking about?” 
Vincent smiled. “Hah, I bumped into Thomas by coincidence today and chatted with him for a while. That was how I found out about Linda and her family’s shocking schemes.” 
Gareth looked away and was unbothered. 
He told Thomas that he did not have to hide the matter from Vincent and Jeremy and could tell them everything if they asked. 
Jeremy became even more confused. “What happened?” 
Vincent did not hesitate and told him everything. 
Then, Jeremy fell silent. 
It seemed he was not surprised by the revelation. 
Gareth frowned and looked at him. “You’re not surprised?”
Jeremy laughed. “Only you thought she was innocent and kind.” 
“Yes, and virtuous too…” Vincent added. 
Gareth was astounded to discover that he was the only one in the blind.
###chapter480
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 480
Gareth frowned deeper and gave off an intimidating aura. 
However, Vincent smiled and asked, “Tell us then. How’s the progress of your investigation?” 
Gareth pursed his lips and said, “Other than the voice recording, the other pieces of evidence have been authenticated.” 
“Heh…” Vincent’s eyes gleamed with excitement. “This is going to be interesting.” 
On the other hand, Jeremy looked at Gareth and asked calmly, “What are you planning to do next? Will you proceed with the engagement?” 
Gareth pursed his lips and did not answer 
Vincent seemed gleeful. “Can’t you see he’s unwilling to proceed with it? He only agreed to the engagement to repay Linda for saving his life. Otherwise, it won’t be easy for Linda to marry well. After all, who would want to marry someone who was comatose?” 
Since Gareth and Jeremy did not speak, Vincent continued, “Old Mr. Wickam wants Linda to be his daughter- in–law. It means he wants Benett Corporation to supply resources to Wickam Group. It’s all for the sake of profit. Otherwise, why didn’t he to Gareth marrying Elisa in the past?” 
Jeremy sat near Gareth. His handsome face was emotionless. After a while, he asked calmly, “Gareth, what are you planning to do? The engagement is growing near. The invitations have been sent out, right?” 
Gareth’s expression was cold. His brow was tense with frustration.
Jeremy paused for a moment before adding, “It won’t do to keep dragging this matter. You need to decide within these few days.” 
Vincent chipped in excitedly, “What is there to decide? He is still waiting for confirmation on whether the voice recording is real. If it is authentic, gratitude would turn to hatred. Thus, why would there be any engagement? On the other hand, if he can’t confirm the authenticity of the recording, he would have to proceed with the engagement ceremony.” 
Since Gareth remained silent, Vincent grinned and said, “Engagement is not marriage. You can always cancel it later.” 
Jeremy frowned but did not say anything. 
Gareth pursed his lip. He still did not speak. 
Jeremy looked at Gareth and said solemnly, “Linda has never been the right partner for you. She is sly and has too many schemes. Since you have confirmed two of the matters, you should already know she is deceptive. No matter if you have any feelings for her, you should not marry such a woman.” 
Vincent snorted and came to sit beside Gareth. He patted his shoulder and said, “He’s right! Why would the Wickam family need to rely on Benett Corporation? Furthermore, you should take a look at Elisa. She is completely different from before. Do you think Norman will continue to be in charge of Benett Corporation?” 
Gareth’s frown deepened. 
He took note of what Jeremy and Vincent said. However, things were not as simple as they thought. 
In the end, he said solemnly, “I can’t act rashly”
Jeremy sighed in frustration, “You care too much about other people.” 
Suddenly, Gareth’s phone buzzed. He glanced at it and saw it was a message from Thomas. 
Vincent noticed it too and was curious about it. “Has he found something? Quick, open it now!” 
Jeremy also looked at Gareth’s phone. 
Gareth furrowed his brow. He was not sure if what he was feeling was nervousness or anticipation. 
Then, he opened Thomas‘ message with Jeremy and Vincent watching.
###chapter481
Chapter 481
Thomas: Mr.Wickam, there is a new development with the voice recording.We found a match for a part of it, but the other paris are untraceable. 
Vincent frowned. 
"Are they only able to match a part of it? Why do I feel the matched part is not the main point?" 
After he said that, Thomas sent the voice recording. 
Gareth played it straight away. 
Soon, Linda and her mother's voice was heard. 
However, what Gareth heard was their scheme to soften Gareth's heart.He already knew Linda's relapse was fake. 
The most important part of the voice recording was missing. 
"Hah!’ Vincent could not help but laugh. 
"Why do I feel Thomas is playing with you..." 
Gareth’s expression turned cold. 
He knew Vincent was joking, but he could not understand why he only heard a part of the recording but missed out on the more important part. 
—Gareth: Why is a part missing? 
—Thomas: The recording has been destroyed.Our personnel restored what you've heard.
At present, that was all we could recover.They are still working hard on the rest. 
Of course, Elisa was not the one who destroyed the evidence Thomas was talking about.She only destroyed the one with Yara so that Yara would not be implicated by it. 
Meanwhile, the Benett family was in an uproar. 
They did not even have time to bother with Elisa. 
Linda was out of her mind from panic. 
"Why is there a voice recording? How did we get recorded? I didn't turn on the voice recorder that day!" 
Norman and his family sat on the couch in the study. 
They looked terrible. 
"Someone installed a voice recording device on our phones.Damn it! No one can trace the source, even now!" 
Norman was in a bad mood. 
Due to this matter, they had to smash their phones and get new ones. 
"Who did this?" 
"Only those close to us can do something like this" 
Although Rose seemed calm, her expression was ferocious. 
Linda furrowed her brow.
"It couldn't have been Yara.She is timid and weak.Furthermore, her parents are in my hand.She wouldn't dare to do this" 
Norman frowned and thought about his assistant.It seemed unlikely his assistant would do this. 
Rose also considered her assistant.She found nothing wrong with any of their assistants. 
After some consideration, Rose said solemnly, "Dear, could something have happened at your side, or did something went wrong on Linda and my side?" 
Linda's expression darkened. 
"Previously, I've always thought your assistant was strange.Why did she not arrange to meet in a private lounge but handed over the money in the open? Was she trying to get everyone lo see it?" 
"This is just great.Someone has our video and voice recording.What are we to do? If Gareth finds out, my...My years of effort will go to waste!" 
Linda's panic grew the more she spoke. 
Rose grabbed hold of her hand and said sternly, "You need to calm down! We have already wiped out all the data.It wouldn't spread out.Even if it did, you are the heiress of the Benett family. 
Old Mr.Wickam will still want to collaborate with us and form a marriage alliance’ Linda did not calm down at all but scolded furiously, "You can say all you want, but...Gareth doesn't love me.What am I to do? Old Mr.Wickam is advanced in years.Once he dies, Gareth's father will become the next head of the family.We all know his preferred daughter-in-law is not me, but Elisa!"
###chapter482
Chapter 482
“Gareth has divorced before.When the time comes, he will want to divorce again.I..." 
"That's enough! You should focus on getting married first.After you are married, you need to find ways to make Gareth fall completely in love with you!" 
In other words, it was a matter of the marital bed. 
Linda took a deep breath and did not know what else to say. 
All she could feel was panic. 
On the other hand, Rose did not wish to talk about this anymore and said coldly, "We have already destroyed the evidence.There is no point in thinking about it.What you have to do is keep denying and feigning innocence.Don't show any guilt no matter what!" 
Linda did not say anything. 
Norman's expression turned sullen. 
"What should we do next?" 
"We need to find who schemed against us.Furthermore, we need to get rid of Elisa!" 
Norman narrowed his eyes. 
"It won't be easy to get rid of her.But it would be a lot easier to find someone to humiliate her." 
Linda's eyes brightened.Her frustration instantly disappeared. 
"That's right! Killing her is difficult and risky.But getting a few men to...Isn't that a lot easier?"
Norman nodded in agreement. 
"She has been staying in the hospital to take care of Carle for the past two days.Thus, she likely hadn't eaten properly or slept well.It will be best to do something to her while she is weak and tired." 
Rose frowned. 
"The people we have are no longer reliable.Who can we ask to do this?" 
Norman narrowed his eyes. 
"I still have someone.Leave this matter to me." 
Meanwhile, at the hospital, Elisa was resting on the bed. 
Everyone remained quiet in the room and did not even use their phones. 
The main reason was no one was in the mood to do anything. 
Even though they had not rested for a long time, none of them could fall asleep. 
Suddenly, Elisa's phone vibrated, prompting her to open her eyes.She had set her phone so that it would not vibrate for messages from irrelevant people.She opened her phone and immediately found Yara's message. 
—Yara: Ms.Benett, they noticed something was wrong and changed their phones.Elisa narrowed her eyes and replied to the message immediately. 
—Elisa: You don't have to keep track of them for a while.Instead, focus on being her assistant as you did before.You need to protect yourself first. 
—Yara: But am I doomed? Does it mean I wont be able to do anything anymore?
—Elisa: Don't worry.She won't suspect you.But you must not act overly courteously with her or keep watch over her. 
—Yara: Alright.As Elisa's phone was bright, Rachel and Sheena glanced at her.Neither of them could fall asleep anyway. 
Then, Rachel looked at Elisa and asked, "Liz, what are you doing?" 
Elisa's expression remained calm.She turned off her phone screen, put it aside, and said softly, "It's nothing.I was dealing with some matters." 
Rachel looked at her. 
"Is Linda moving against you recently?" 
Elisa snorted. 
"When does she ever not want to harm me? I believe she must hate me so much now that she wants me dead." 
Sheena frowned. 
"Why do you say that? Did you do something to her recently?" 
Elisa pursed her lips and did not want them to worry. 
But Rachel saw through her before she could say anything and said solemnly, "It's very safe here, and there is no voice recording.You mustn't keep bearing everything alone and not tell us.At least let us know so that we can share some of your mental burdens.If we can do anything to help, that will be even better."
###chapter483
Chapter 483
Elisa's eyes flashed as she considered. 
In the end, she told them briefly what had happened in the recent few days. 
Rachel broke out in laughter. 
"Hahaha! That trash! You were right to expose her! Those two scumbags are made for each other!" 
Sheena frowned. 
"Although this is counted as revenge, but...does this mean Gareth won't marry Linda anymore? He keeps bothering you nowadays.If he finds out what kind of person Linda is, will he bother you even more..." 
Sheena could not bring herself to continue.She frowned with worry. 
However, Elisa smiled and answered casually. 
"No, Gareth won't do something so boring.Right now, he just thinks I'm too devious.That was why he kept wanting to defend Linda.But once he discovers Linda's true colors, he won't bother me so much anymore." 
Sheena frowned and looked at Rachel. 
Coincidentally, Rachel glanced over at her. 
Both of them had the same expressions and thought of the same thing. 
Is that true? Will things be as simple as Elisa said? Rachel hesitated for a moment.
In the end, she could not resist saying, "Liz, you need to watch out.The Benett family is dangerous.You must make sure there is no problem before proceeding.Don't drag yourself into the pit.Feel free to let us know if you need any help." 
Elisa's heart was warmed by them. 
"Sure." 
Then, she took out her phone again and sent a message to a WhatsApp group.It was her personal group of hackers. 
—EFlisa: Are both of you asleep? I need to trouble you to do a little something for me.They replied within a few seconds after she sent the message. 
—Kyle:? 
—Kyle: I've told you before.Can you not be so formal with us? Aren't we close enough for you to tell us frankly? Tell me.What's the matter? Let me help you deal with it. 
—Scott: I'm here too.Elisa felt warmed by their kindness.She was thankful to her friends for taking good care of her.Sometimes, she really wanted to hit herself on the head.Why did I abandon my best friends for that scumbag?Why was I so stupid? Did I lose my mind? She took a deep breath and began typing on her phone. 
—Flisa: Alright, I will be frank with my request then.Rose has an assistant who is loyal to her.But the Meek family recently lost a voice recording.Now, they are suspecting the people around them.Linda's assistant, Yara, works for me.Therefore, I hope you can plant a monitoring software on Rose's phone and plant a receiving software on her assistant's phone.Then, let something slip and get them to suspect Rose's assistant.
—Kyle: That's easy.I love doing things that create misunderstandings. 
—Scotu: What do I need to do? 
—Elisa: Thank you.I will involve you again when I need your help.That is all we are doing for now.I'm outside now and don't have a computer, so it's quite inconvenient. 
—Scott: Sure.They were both very young.Although Kyle was older, he was not as calm as Scott and was more excitable. 
Elisa replied with an emoji and turned off her phone screen. 
Previously, she had done some things to cause them to suspect Rose's assistant. 
Planting this monitoring software would be the next step. 
Elisa slept peacefully that night.But a challenging day had already begun.
###chapter484
Chapter 484
Elisa received a message from a maid in Benett Residence as soon as she woke up. 
The maid was her spy.She was only an ordinary maid and could not get close to Linda and her family. 
‘Thus, they would not be on guard against her.Yet even an ordinary maid like her was useful at times.The maid was called Martha.She had worked in Benett Residence for around five years. 
As she was not one of Elisa's father’s trusted staff, Linda and her family did not kick her out. 
However, they did not know Martha was favored by Elisa. 
Thus, Martha was secretly loyal to Elisa and would observe minor matters for her. 
However, things were different today. 
Something major had happened. 
Everyone in the house knew about it. 
—Martha: Ms.Benett, Mrs.Benett chased out her assistant just now.She was furious and questioned her assistant, asking how she could do what she did.In the end, Mrs.Benett ignored the assistant’s claim of being framed and kicked her out of the house.Elisa pursed her lips. 
—Elisa: Thank you, Martha.I still need you to observe and report any situation to me. 
—Martha: Sure, I will.Don't worry, Ms.Benett.I will keep a close watch on them. 
—Elisa: Hugs.Then, Elisa put down her phone and thought about some matter.Rachel came in with breakfast and looked at her in confusion.
"Why are you in a daze? Have you washed up? It's nearly time for breakfast." 
Elisa returned to her senses. 
"Not yet.I'll do it now." 
She took her toiletries, entered the washroom, and sank into deep thoughts again.She was thinking about what to do next. 
I have carried out my plan against Linda and her family, and I have no doubt they will blame me for everything. 
If my plan goes well, it should make them desperate enough to attack me.What should I do then? She washed up and ate breakfast with the other girls before spending time with Carle. 
For everyone else, it was time to go to work. 
Everyone began their schedule for the day. 
Meanwhile, Linda believed her mother had caught the real spy and did not care about Yara anymore. 
She headed straight to Wickam Group. 
As Linda had made an appointment before this, she was able to go upstairs easily. 
Many people began to talk amongst themselves as they saw her walk by. 
Of course, most people were envious of her. 
They talked about her good family background, her pretty appearance, and how she had Gareth's good favor.
No one found any issue with Gareth being a divorcee. 
Furthermore, no one thought Gareth was unworthy of Linda even though he was once married. 
Instead, everyone thought Linda was using Gareth to elevate her standing. 
After all, Gareth was an outstanding man. 
They also believed it was Elisa’s fault for failing to appreciate him. 
As the crowd argued among themselves, Linda stood before Gareth’s door nervously. 
She took a deep breath to control her emotions before knocking on the door. 
"Come in." 
His magnetic voice sounded indifferent. 
Linda's eyes gleamed as she pushed the door to get in. 
Gareth was already seated behind his desk. 
Linda forced back her fear and smiled at Gareth. 
"Garry." 
She closed the door and walked to him. 
Gareth looked at her indifferently. 
"Why did you ask to meet?"
Linda was stunned for a moment.She sat in the chair opposite Gareth and placed the document she brought on his desk. 
"You have seen this document before.I'm here to negotiate with you." 
Gareth did not speak but looked at her face coldly. 
Linda's heart thumped. 
Why...Why is he looking at me like that? Does...Does he know about everything? Did he let me come here to question me?
###chapter485
Chapter 485
Linda was panicking and did not know what to do. 
But Gareth had not spoken a word about the matter. 
Thus, she had to be careful not to reveal something was wrong.She said with a smile, "I'm here to discuss the company’s collaboration project.Liz's friend is now in the hospital, so she does not have much energy to deal with this.That's why my father wishes to negotiate with you again.He asked if you were willing to let someone else take Elisa's place.After all, many people are more experienced than her." 
If Elisa were here, she would be impressed with Linda for trying to stir up trouble even in this situation. 
The moment Linda said Elisa's friend was hospitalized, Gareth's expression darkened considerably. 
Linda's eyes flashed.She suddenly had a plan. 
Thus, before Gareth could say anything, she persuaded, "I understand...Garry.You appreciate Elisa's talent.She surprised many people with her plan.But, ...Sometimes, being able to draft a plan does not mean he or she can carry it out well.George B.McClellan is a good example of this." 
She was talking about a Civil War general who was good at planning but failed in actual battle. 
In Linda's view, Elisa was comparable to George B. 
McClellan. 
Even if she had to admit Elisa was talented, she would never accept that Elisa would be able to carry out the project well.
Gareth chuckled suddenly. 
Linda stiffened considerably despite his gentle tone.She could sense the mockery in his eyes. 
Linda breathed in. 
What...What does that mean? Whenever Gareth looked at her, it felt like he was hiding sharp daggers in the depth of his eyes. 
Linda fought back the terror in her heart and pretended to not understand. 
"Garry, why are you looking at me like that?" 
Garcth smiled vaguely. 
"Weren't you always defending her? You supported her in everything." 
Linda felt her heart sink.She nodded immediately. 
"Yes, of course, I support her.But I can't let her ruin her reputation.One can never be too careful.Although my decision will prevent her from displaying her skills, it..." 
Linda stopped speaking at this point. 
On the other hand, Gareth said indifferently, "There is no need to negotiate the matter concerning Elisa"It felt as if the collaboration was prepared for Elisa's sake.Linda's expression changed. 
She looked at Gareth and said, "Garry, are you sure this collaboration project is yours? Darcy Group..." 
"I shall await Benett Corporation's decision." 
Although Gareth sounded calm, he looked at her with a chilling gaze.
Linda began to suspect that he knew something. 
However, she did not dare to ask or test the matter.She feared she would not be able to find anything but be intimidated instead. 
Linda was speechless.She had no idea what she should say. 
All she could do was look at him worriedly. 
At this moment, she did not know what to say and implored him with her pitiful gaze. 
Gareth asked calmly, "Is there anything else?" 
Linda shook her head. 
Gareth looked away from her. 
"I have some other matters to deal with.You should go home." 
Linda's body stiffened. 
She parted her mouth and tried to call out his name. 
But Gareth suddenly glanced in her direction, making her too fearful to stay.She bore with the discomfort of her rapidly beating heart and said softly, "Then...You should continue your work.I'll leave now.Remember to take time to rest.Otherwise, I would be heartbroken if you got sick from exhaustion" 
Linda looked down shyly as she said the final part. 
Gareth's eyes were as cold as a bottomless lake. 
When he looked at her, Linda did not dare to utter another word but left hurriedly.
The office became peaceful again. 
Suddenly, Gareth's phone rang.He narrowed his eyes upon seeing the phone number.
###chapter486
Chapter 486
He paused for a moment before answering the call. 
"What is it?" 
His tone remained cold as ice. 
The caller was stunned for a moment before scolding, "You brat.How dare you talk to me with such an attitude?" 
Gareth pursed his lips.He did not say anything but waited for the caller to get to the point. 
After a brief pause, the caller finally said, "I've sent out all the invitations. 
There is only half a month left until your engagement ceremony. 
During this time, you should go out with her more often. 
After the engagement ceremony, you should bring her on a holiday for a month" 
Gareth’s expression darkened immediately. 
"You want me to abandon work for one month to go on a holiday with her? How did you come up with this idea?" 
"You!" 
Darren took a deep breath to control his anger. 
‘Then, he said sternly, "Weren't you satisfied with the plan by Benett Corporation? Let your father lead it.He can take over your work"
Gareth furrowed his brow. 
"I'm afraid the engagement will not proceed." 
Darren thought he had misheard.He paused for a moment and confirmed Gareth had induced refused to proceed with the engagement. 
Thus, Darren burst into fury. 
"What nonsense is this? I've sent out the invitations, and you now tell me you can't proceed.You..." 
Gareth interrupted him, "You should take the invitations back.I still have some work.I'll talk to you tonight when I'm home." 
After saying that, Gareth did not bother to wait for Darren's response but hung up straight away. 
When Darren called again, Gareth did not answer but went to the meeting room and gave Thomas his phone before starting the meeting. 
Time passed quickly. 
Carle had already been in the hospital for three whole days. 
Elisa kept talking to him to trigger his emotions, and he had shown signs of waking up. 
Everyone was excited and nervous. 
They were also worried and scared that it was all for nothing. 
No one dared to think too much about it. 
After all, Carle had shown signs of movement more than once.
It was the fourth day’s morning. 
Elisa sat beside Carle and could not help but sigh softly. 
She even sniffled as if she had cried before this. 
Then, she began to say sadly, "Carle, as I said before, I will only accompany you for three days.If you don't wake up, it means you don't want me here.In order not to get in the way of your recovery, I..." 
At this point, Elisa noticed a frown on Carle's brow. 
Even his hand moved.She was stunned for a moment and pretended not to notice anything.She slowly repeated her desire to leave and said, "I'll leave now.I will not mention this matter again in the future.Once you wake up, just pretend you didn't hear anything I told you here.We..." 
Elisa sniffled and saw Carle's hand begin to move slowly.He seemed to want to grab her hand. 
Elisa felt she needed to trigger him a little more and said tearfully, "Carle, let's return to being normal friends...Goodbye." 
She got up as soon as she finished speaking and deliberately retreated a couple of steps, causing the chair to drag loudly against the floor. 
Carle, whose eyes were closed, could hear Elisa getting up to leave.He parted his lips. 
"No..." 
His voice was so soft that Elisa would not have noticed if she had not seen his lips move. 
As Elisa took another step, Carle suddenly called out in despair, "No!"
He immediately opened his eyes and grabbed Elisa's hand in panic.
###chapter487
Chapter 487
Elisa was stunned for a moment before calling out excitedly, "Carle, you're finally awake!" 
Carle's hand was weak.He could only grab Elisa's hand briefly before letting go tiredly. 
However, his eyes were wide with panic.He said with difficulty, "No...Don't...Go’ Elisa explained immediately, "I'm not leaving.I just want to call a doctor!" 
Carle heard her assurance and finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
"Sure..." 
Elisa pressed the bell at the head of the bed. 
Soon, two doctors rushed into the room. 
They were surprised and shocked to find Carle awake. 
"I didn't expect Mr.Carle to wake up so soon!" 
Carle's face was a little pale.He did not speak but smiled slightly. 
The two doctors immediately gave him a full checkup. 
They looked solemn. 
Once the checkup was done, one of the doctors said in astonishment, "He is tremendously lucky to have regained consciousness.Furthermore, he is in unexpectedly good condition and has met the standards of all indicators.Thus, he will only have to stay a little longer to recuperate.We believe he will make a full recovery."
Elisa was delighted. 
"That's wonderful." 
The doctor smiled and said, "We will head out now to prepare a prescription for Mr.Carle.He can look forward to being discharged soon!" 
Elisa nodded eagerly. 
"Can my friend come in now to see him?" 
"Yes.He can leave the intensive care unit now.We will arrange a room for Mr.Carle immediately" 
Elisa turned to Carle with a smile. 
"Sheen and Rae are waiting outside.I'll tell them you have awakened." 
Carle blinked, indicating his consent. 
Elisa smiled and headed outside. 
The doctors gave a few instructions before following Elisa out of the room. 
Sheena and Rachel had been waiting outside all this while. 
As soon as Sheen saw Elisa and the doctors, she rushed over and asked urgently, "What's going on?" 
Sheena and Rachel became hopeful as they looked at Elisa and the doctors’ expressions. 
Elisa paused for a moment and said with a smile, "He has woken up." 
"Is that true?"
Sheena broke out in tears of relief. 
The doctor smiled and said, "Of course, it's true.It's a miracle that Mr.Carle awakened.From now on, you need to take care of him and make sure he stays calm.The injury to his head is still serious.Therefore, he must not be triggered again.Otherwise, it will affect his recovery and lead to sequela." 
Elisa and the others nodded obediently. 
Then, Sheena said, "We will do that.Doctor, thank you so much.We promise to take good care of him and make sure his condition doesn't relapse!" 
It was a promise Sheena made to herself.She was also sad to see Carle in pain. 
The doctor smiled and nodded. 
Then, he glanced toward the intensive care unit and said, "I'll head off to make the arrangements." 
"Yes, thank you, doctor." 
Soon, Elisa, Sheena, and Rachel were the only ones left in the corridor. 
Sheena grabbed Elisa's hand immediately and said, "Liz, please come with me.I have something to talk to you about." 
She spoke softly, fearing Carle would hear her. 
Rachel immediately understood what Sheena was going to say. 
Naturally, Elisa knew too.
Elisa sighed softly and looked at Sheena with conflicting emotions in her eyes before saying softly, "I know what you wish to say.Don't worry.I won't trigger him.Sheena pursed her lips and held Elisa’s hands tightly. 
"I beg of you.Please don't!"
###chapter488
Chapter 488
Elisa's eyelashes fluttered.She mumbled in regret, "How would I possibly provoke him? Sheen, he's my friend too." 
Stunned, Sheena nodded and said nothing else. 
Thereafter, the medical staff moved Carle to a normal VIP ward. 
Meanwhile, Elisa called Edward to inform him that Carle had regained consciousness. 
After composing themselves, Elisa and the others entered the ward. 
Due to Carle's health condition, his meal and treatment were specially arranged by medical staff, so the friends didn't have to worry. 
Then, the nurses left the ward, leaving four of them there. 
The three girls gazed at the man who was lying on the bed. 
The bandage on his head was not completely removed yet, but his countenance looked much better and was not as pale as before. 
Despite the presence of the other two girls, all that was in Carle's eyes was Elisa. 
His eyes were filled with anticipation and mixed emotions. 
After hesitating for a moment, Elisa uttered softly, "Thank god that you regained consciousness.Please rest well in the hospital and put aside all work for now.Be good and only leave the hospital when the doctor allows you to do so.Can you do that?"
Carle's eyes glistened as he asked with a smile, "Will you accompany mc?" 
Sheena’s flustered gaze fell on Elisa. 
Rachel turned to stare at Elisa but wasn’t as unnerved as Sheena. 
Elisa nodded with a smile. 
"I'll come and visit you every day.I'm not allowed to take such a long leave from work" 
As realization dawned, Carle hummed, "Yeah, it's an important phase for you at work now.Go ahead and get busy first.Don't have to worry about me.I'll go and find you after being discharged." 
His gaze was filled with affection fixed on Elisa. 
In the past, he would hide the fondness in his eyes, but now, he readily revealed his sentiments. 
The emotions in Elisa's eyes became increasingly complicated. 
If this continues, how am I going to talk to him after he recovers? How... 
Elisa lowered her head as she was at a loss. 
All she could do now was to pretend to be his girlfriend. 
Carle thought Elisa was nervous, so he averted his gaze to Sheena and Rachel. 
"Sorry for making you guys worry.He said with a smile. 
Sheena instinctively shook her head but was at a loss for words.
Rachel smiled and blurted, "Not at all! We're grateful that you awakened.You have no idea how worried Sheen was!" 
Carle gazed at Sheena and wore a faint smile. 
"I'm fine.Please don't worry about me.I'm such a lucky man; how would I possibly die?" 
With that, he turned to stare at Elisa. 
The love in his eyes was overflowing. 
He said he was lucky because he deemed the accident a blessing in disguise. 
Otherwise, Elisa wouldn't have promised to be together with him. 
At once, the expressions of the three girls became more complicated, but none of them revealed their real feelings. 
After pausing for a while, Carle looked at Elisa and asked gently, "Elisa, I didn't hear you wrong, did I? Please tell me this is not a dream."
###chapter489
Chapter 489
Elisa took a deep breath and hummed, "This is not a dream.I did say that." 
With that, she lowered her head to avoid Carle’s fervent gaze. 
Both Rachel and Sheena were a bundle of nerves - they knew Elisa responded in such a way because she didn't dare to face him. 
However, Carle did not think much about the situation and grinned even brighter, thinking that Elisa was merely shy. 
Nonetheless, he tried to suppress the passion in his gaze because he didn't want Elisa to feel overwhelmed. 
Sheena couldn't take her eyes off Carle. 
However, noticing that Carle's gaze was constantly fixed on Elisa, she inhaled and uttered thoughtfully, "Since you've regained consciousness, we shall not disturb the two of you.Have a good chat.Rachel and I will go and rest next door.We need a break, too, after looking after you for so many days" 
Sheena stood up and held Rachel's hand. 
Rachel was sorry to sce Sheena forcing a smile but had no choice but to chime in with a smile, "Yeah.Yeah.We'll not be a third wheel here.Have a good time." 
Elisa lifted her eyes which were filled with mixed emotions. 
Carle wore a grateful smile and said to Sheena and Rachel, "Alright, rest well, you two.Thanks for taking care of me"
"Don't mention it! We're friends.There, there.We're leaving first, sce you." 
Sheena feigned an impatient look and dragged Rachel out of the ward, leaving Elisa and Carle in the room. 
Elisa lowered her head and was tongue-tied. 
Carle stared at her guiltily. 
"I clearly heard every word you said while I was in a coma, but I couldn't respond to you at that time.Sorry, Elisa.I will be more careful next time so that you don't have to worry about me." 
Elisa's eyelashes fluttered. 
When she lifted her eyes and met Carle's fervent gaze, she subconsciously wanted to shy away from him, but she knew she couldn't show her real emotions.Nonetheless, some emotions were genuine — for example, her guilt. 
She sighed and mumbled, "It's my fault to begin with.If I didn't..." 
"Elisa, it's not your fault.I'm just grateful for this accident.Otherwise, how would I possibly..." 
Carle's eyes glued to Elisa’s face, but he didn't continue the sentence as he was worried that Elisa would be shy. 
Elisa lowered her head and remained silent. 
Carle moved his body slightly and wanted to sit up. 
Elisa stopped him immediately.
"Your head injury has not recovered.Please don’t move around." 
Carle wore a rueful smile. 
"I'm going to be dim-witted if I continue staying in bed." 
Elisa walked forward and helped Carle adjust his position, but Carle suddenly lifted his arm and grabbed Elisa's hand. 
Stunned, Elisa subconsciously wanted to pull her hand away, but she didn't after hesitating for a moment. 
Nonetheless, her body obviously stiffened. 
Carle made her sit down and gulped as he gazed at her affectionately. 
"If it wasn't for you, I might not be able to come around this time.You never left me ever since I was in a coma.When I heard about the three days limit you gave me, I was really afraid that you would abandon me.I was struggling to wake up so that I could..." 
He paused and looked at Elisa before spitting word by word. 
"Embrace you."
###chapter490
Chapter 490
Elisa's body froze. 
Carle was still holding her hand and had no intention of letting go. 
"Elisa, Elisa slowly lifted her head to meet Carle's loving gaze. 
"Elisa, actually, I know you only said those words to awaken me.You won't tell me the truth until I fully recover, will you?" 
Elisa's heart jolted. 
Perceiving Carle's eyes that were fixed on her, she regained her senses and frowned. 
"You think I'm lying to you?" 
Startled, Carle was at a loss for words. 
Elisa sighed inwardly. 
Truth be told, she knew Carle was insecure and said those words to test her. 
He wanted to prove if Elisa indeed meant what she said. 
As much as Carle was aware of the reality, he was still hopeful. 
He hoped that his speculation was not true, yet he was worried that what he said was true. 
If that were the case, the anticipation and struggle that he faced these few days would disappear all at once, and he would be utterly heartbroken.
Elisa heaved a sigh and dismissed the complicated emotions in her eyes. 
Staring at Carle, she mumbled, "Carle, I didn't lie to you so that you would come around.I meant what I said." 
Carle's heart skipped a beat, and his eyes were filled with disbelief. 
Although he had been looking forward to hearing this, his heartbeat still accelerated when he got the affirmation from Elisa. 
He even felt like everything was a dream. 
Tightening his grip on Elisa's hand, he hummed, "Elisa..." 
He was agitated and bewildered. 
"Did I...hear it wrong? Elisa, please say it again.Please." 
At that moment, Carle was stirred like a child. 
If it wasn't for his injuries, he would have pulled Elisa into his arms right now.He didn't want to let go of her hand at all. 
Elisa's eyes flickered, but she hid her dismay and nodded at Carle with a smile. 
"You didn't hear it wrong, Carle.I agree to be your...girlfriend" 
The last word sounded like mumbling to Carle, but it was extremely hard for Elisa to say it. 
She wasn't reluctant to pretend to be his girlfriend or worried that it would affect Carle's reputation.She was just pondering what she should do after he recovered.
Would she have to hurt him another time? What if he became drunk again out of agony? On the other hand, Carle was over the moon, like a child who had been yearning for a sweet treat. 
Today, his wish finally came true.He finally got his sweet treat. 
It was so sweet that he wanted to have it forever! 
"Elisa, I really think that the accident this time is the best thing that has ever happened to me." 
Carle didn't know how to express how joyful and excited he was. 
Elisa squeezed a smile and looked at him seriously. 
"Don't think about other things now, and get well soon.Otherwise, I'll think my effort of taking care of you these few days is going down the drain. 
Carle nodded obediently and gazed at Elisa fondly. 
"Sure.I'll listen to whatever you say." 
The moment he said that, the ward door flung open.
###chapter491
Chapter 491
Elisa and Carle turned to look at the entrance. 
When Carle saw Edward, he wore a smile and hummed, "Hey, Dad." 
The moment he walked in, Edward caught sight of Carle holding Elisa's hand and was relieved to see Carle in good spirits.He pretended not to see their intimate interaction and only gazed at Carle.His voice was much gentler than it used to be. 
"How are you feeling?" He asked in concern. 
Carle nodded at Edward with a smile. 
"I'm very good.Don't worry about me, Dad." 
Edward nodded. 
In fact, he went to talk to the doctor before coming to the ward, and he was finally put at ease after ensuring that Carle was fine. 
Nonetheless, the doctor had said that Carle should not be agitated.So, Edward would grant all Carle's wishes as long as his son was safe. 
Because of that, he didn't disapprove of Carle and Elisa's relationship. 
Just as he was thinking about the matter, Carle held Elisa's hand with a smile and announced, "Dad, Elisa finally accepted me.She's now my girlfriend" 
Edward nodded.
"I know.I saw you guys holding hands the moment I walked in." 
Elisa remained silent while Edward behaved naturally as if he had already accepted the fact. 
Meanwhile, Carle was not surprised at his father's response because while he was still in a coma, Edward had said to him that he approved of their relationship. 
Carle grinned. 
"Yeah, just informing you." Edward snorted. 
"You punk, make sure to treat Elisa well" 
Carle nodded gleefully. 
"Of course!" 
Elisa felt her heart squeeze. 
She couldn't help wondering if she had not met Gareth and had been together with Carle since the beginning, would the ending be different? She remained quiet with her eyes downcast. 
Back in Darcey Group, Cole was reporting the recent happenings to Will in the latter's office. 
Will furrowed his brows even more as Cole informed him of the evidence they caught on Linda and how Elisa took care of Carle in the hospital. 
Will was upset the more he listened to Cole. 
Cole hesitated for a while and uttered softly, "Mr.Darcey, I-I have a thought."
Will lifted his eyes to stare at Cole in silence, waiting for him to continue.Cole was in a quandary, but he still spat it out. 
"I think...if Ms.Elisa exposes Ms.Linda, it'll put you at a disadvantage" 
Will lifted his eyes but did not comment. 
After pausing for a while, Cole continued, "I just think that if Mr.Wickam discovers the true color of Linda, he'll definitely not marry her.Then, his attention will be drawn to Ms.Elisa.Even now, he has been challenging you in many areas." 
Will smirked. 
"Even without Elisa, he and I are sworn enemies" 
Cole nodded in accord and couldn't help asking, "Do you plan to stop it? If Ms.Linda is exposed, it might..."
###chapter492
Chapter 492 
Cole did not continue from thereon as he had clearly expressed his meaning. 
If Gareth continued detesting Linda, it would only cause a greater hurdle for Will to pursue Elisa. 
After all, Gareth and Elisa had been husband and wife for several years and had lived under the same roof. 
If the two reconciled, Will would be devastated. 
Cole could tell that Will was genuinely fond of Elisa, so he was trying to look out for Will. 
However, just as he thought Will would agree with his point, the latter uttered indifferently, "From now on, you only have to glean information but don't meddle with my affair" 
Cole was surprised. 
"Mr.Darcey, you..." 
In the past, he would follow Will's instructions without asking much. 
But this time, he was perplexed by Will's indifferent response. 
This was clearly an efficient shortcut. 
Moreover, there was nothing Will wouldn't do to go against Gareth all these years. 
Cole's suggestion this time was deliberately obstructing Gareth, so he reckoned Will would be more than willing to accept the plan. 
Will glanced at him and mumbled, "Elisa will be hurt if we do that."
Cole was dumbfounded. 
"Huh?" 
Unlike his usual reticent manner, Will explained, "Elisa is determined to seek revenge against Gareth.If you sow discord between them, it will only make Elisa even more distressed.I don't wish to see her get hurt" 
Cole was speechless as he stared at Will in shock. 
"Mr.Darcey, I didn't know you liked Ms.Elisa this much." 
Will narrowed his eyes and did not respond. 
Only then did Cole realize his comment was inappropriate, so he blurted in a fluster, "Do you need me for anything else, Mr.Darcey?" 
Perceiving the answer from Will's silence, Cole then went out of the office, leaving Will alone in the room. 
The latter opened a photo album on his desk. 
Seeing Elisa's delicate face in the picture, he subconsciously placed his finger on her face and stroked it gently. 
The next day, Elisa took a day off from work to accompany Carle, but she didn't stay overnight this time. 
Although Sheena implored her to stay so that Carle would recover faster, Elisa refused to.
"I can't be at his elbow twenty-four-seven.He only needs to know that I agree to be her girlfriend for now.If I stay beside him every day, how am I going to end things with him later on?" 
Sheena and Rachel remained silent. 
After hesitating for a moment, Sheena couldn't help asking, "I don’t understand, Elisa.Carle is such a decent and loyal man.He doesn't even care about your past.Why wouldn't you accept his pursuit?" 
Before Elisa could reply, Sheena continued, "I know you're going to say that you don't want to impede on his life, but you should know that you're the one he cares about the most and wants to spend the rest of his life with.You think you're impeding on his life, but to him, the happiest thing on earth is to have you.Do you...really not have feelings for Carle, even the least bit? Has he never moved you?" 
Sheena was genuinely curious but not questioning Elisa. 
They were friends, so she wouldn't constrain Elisa in any way despite her love for Carle. 
Moreover, Elisa had sacrificed more than enough for Carle this time, so she couldn't manipulate Elisa and force her to do something that was not of her own will for the rest of her life. 
Sheena merely wanted to clear her doubt. 
Gazing at Elisa, she repeated the question carefully, "Do you have feelings for Carle, even if it's just the slightest bit?"
###chapter493
Chapter 493
Chapter 493 Elisa heaved a sigh and shook her head slowly. 
"I've said this before -— Carle is like a brother to me, and I've never had romantic feelings toward him. 
Besides, you girls are well aware of how much I loved Gareth back then. 
Although I'm ready to move on after our divorce, and I don't have any feelings for him anymore, this doesn't mean that I can immediately fall for someone whom I've always deemed as an elder brother" 
Sheena was at a loss for words and sighed in exasperation while Rachel cast a side glance at Sheena with her eyes filled with curiosity. 
"Sheen, you love Carle so much that you're willing to do so many things for him.Don't you wish to be the one staying beside him?" 
Elisa, too, looked at Sheena. 
Truth be told, she admired Sheena’s selfless love. 
Many people are inherently self-centered, but only a few can be selfless like Sheena. 
One will yearn to be together with the person he or she loves, care for that person, and be part of that person’ life. 
It is only normal for a woman to be jealous if there's another woman who is fond of her man, too, even if the guy is not interested in that woman. 
But...this is not Sheen. 
She will give in forever for the sake of Carle, and she even persuades me to be with Carle...
Elisa was filled with mixed emotions, yet her admiration for Sheena stood out the most. 
How lucky Carle is to have such a selfless guardian angel who never expects anything in return. 
Sheena squeezed a smile and mumbled in resignation. 
"Of course I do.How I wish to be with him forever til death do us part, but this is not the case in reality — he is not interested in me at all.It's impossible between us, so I rather he spends the rest of his life with the woman he likes." 
Then, she turned slowly to look at Elisa and said in a serious manner, "You're still young, Elisa — you can have a great future.Carle is a very outstanding man, I think...you can actually consider him.Although Will is pursuing you, he's not a man of integrity, unlike Carle, who grew up with you since you were young" 
Elisa's eyes fluttered. 
In the end, she uttered with a sigh, "I'm going back first.Since Mr.Semoa is here, we don't have to keep Carle accompanied all the time.Why don't you two go home and rest tonight? Many from the Semoa family can look after Carle.Don't wear yourselves out" 
Actually, Elisa was not tired and could stay back to accompany Carle, but she didn’t want Carle to become increasingly dependent on her, thinking that they could always be at each other's elbow in the future. 
With her eyes downcast, Sheena mumbled, "I'll stay" 
Rachel blinked and said, "Alright then, I'll head back first and come again tomorrow." 
Sheena nodded and said goodbye to Rachel and Elisa.
"Drive safe." 
With that, Rachel held Elisa’s arm, and the two left together. 
They remained silent while walking out of the hospital. 
The street was crowded with people and vehicles. 
After getting into Elisa's car, Rachel asked softly, "Elisa, what's your plan? Will you tell Carle the truth after he recovers?"
###chapter494
Chapter 494
Elisa’s hands that were placed on the steering wheel stiffened as she was in a quandary.She remained silent because she didn't know how to answer the question. 
Pressing her lips, she started the engine. 
The traffic was extremely heavy that day, and they only arrived at their destination after more than an hour. 
Rachel was exhausted by the time they reached home.She sat at the dining table and said, "I'll order delivery for us." 
Elisa answered calmly, "Food outside is not nutritious.I'll prepare a simple meal; it won't take long." 
With that, she changed into casual clothes and walked into the kitchen. 
Rachel quickly stood up and wanted to help her, but Elisa stopped her. 
"I'm just cooking some noodles.There's nothing much to prepare.Go ahead and take some rest first." 
However, Rachel still took out some vegetables and helped to wash them. 
Soon, two bowls of egg noodles were served. 
Rachel couldn't stop praising Elisa's cooking skills. 
In fact, she hadn't had much appetite in the hospital the past few days. 
Now that Carle had regained consciousness, in addition to the delicious meal prepared by Elisa, Rachel's appetite increased greatly.
In no time, she finished her noodles. 
Elisa was shocked. 
"Did you have enough? Shall I cook you some more?" 
"I'm good.Please don't overfeed me! I finished so I ask because the noodles were too delicious.Otherwise, I wouldn't possibly eat so much.Elisa smiled and said nothing. 
Stroking her bulging tummy, Rachel sighed, "If only I were a great chef like you." 
Elisa paused for a while before saying with a grin, "As long as your cooking skills are sufficient to feed yourself.If you don't want to hire a chef, find a husband with good cooking skills next time" 
Rachel snorted. 
"I don't need a husband; I just need you! I have nothing to be afraid of with you around!" 
Asmile tugged at Elisa's lips. 
After finishing her food, she said to Rachel, "I plan to go to work in the afternoon.Would you like to rest here?" 
"Nah, I'm going off to work too.Let's go and visit him again at night." 
Elisa nodded in response. 
As such, the two went to work after resting for a while. 
As usual, the three ladies went to visit Carle in the hospital after work. 
This time, Rachel stayed with Elisa to chat with Carle.
With Rachel and Sheena around, Carle was more mindful not to behave lovey-dovey with Elisa, so Elisa was finally relieved. 
When it got late, the three friends planned to leave together. 
At that time, only a servant from Carle's home was in the hospital. 
Although Carle was reluctant to let Elisa go, he couldn't bear to see her looking after him day and night.He was dying to recover as soon as possible so that he could be with Elisa all the time. 
Sheena's family picked her up from the hospital, so Rachel and Elisa were left behind. 
Rachel looked at Elisa and wore a mischievous smile. 
"Elisa, can I go to your place? I want some noodles!" 
The noodles this morning were so delicious! Elisa laughed in spite of herself and nodded. 
"Sure!" 
And so, Elisa drove Rachel back to her place. 
Elisa's home was a distance away from the hospital. 
Along the way home, they had to pass through a narrow and dangerous road that could only accommodate the width of two cars. 
The road was located on a cliff, so the outcome could be tragic if one fell off the cliff...
###chapter495
Chapter 495
Seated in the passenger seat, Rachel seemed to be in a good mood. 
"I'm so glad to see Carle getting better day by day.Given his progress, I reckon he can be discharged soon." 
Elisa smiled. 
"Yeah, I didn't expect him to recover this fast either." 
Rachel couldn't help laughing when she was reminded of Carle's behavior just now. 
"Did you see how anxious he was just now when you said you were going to leave? As much as he wanted you to stay, he had to control himself.He behaves like a kid." 
Looking troubled, Elisa sighed, "I have no idea what I'm going to do next.What if he still can't accept it?" 
The smile on Rachel's lips was dismissed at once and was replaced with a concerned look. 
"Yeah...What if he acts like that day again...What should we do..." 
One couldn't care less when he or she was in utter despair. 
Carle didn't wish to be hit by a car — it was just an accident, but what if a similar incident occurred again? Rachel heaved a sigh. 
"Let's not worry too much for now.We'll see how it goes." 
Elisa pressed her lips and did not say anything.She flashed the left-turn signal and drove slowly to the narrow, dangerous route.
Rachel pouted in resignation. 
"I feel like walking on the cliff wherever I pass by this area.Thank god your driving skill is fantastic; otherwise, I won't dare to use this route." 
Elisa squeezed a smile. 
"Unfortunately, the other routes have heavy traffic.It might take us more than two hours to reach home.This is the most convenient shortcut." 
"It's quite shady here...By the way, do you plan to move? Now that Carle is getting better, why don't you move during your holiday?" Rachel said with her eyes fixed in front. 
"Mm-hmm,, that’s my plan." 
Elisa hummed in response. 
Just then, they saw a van driving toward them at top speed from afar. 
"What the heck?! That van is so fast; I bet it has exceeded the speed limit." 
"Yeah." 
Elisa didn’t bother about it and focused on driving. 
However, Rachel's expression changed when she noticed the van was not driving in a straight line. 
"Is the driver drunk? Why does the van look so unsteady? This road is very narrow; what if it crashes into us?" 
The van was about half a mile away from Elisa's car.
Elisa frowned, too, when she noticed something was off with the van. 
Everything was normal just now, but the driver suddenly drove in such a manner when it approached us. 
Did he do this on purpose? At that moment, she couldn't turn back anymore because she would crash into other cars. 
"Elisa! It's speeding toward us!" 
It was a two-way street, but the van was driving on the same side as Elisa! 
"What should we do?" 
Rachel panicked. 
Elisa croaked calmly, "Hold tight." 
The next second, she shifted the clutch into reverse! There were no cars within a mile behind them. 
Elisa raised the clutch all the way so she was able to reverse the car at top speed. 
On the other hand, the van driver didn't expect them to get off the hook, so he stepped on the accelerator. 
Rachel's face was as pale as a sheet while Elisa didn't dare to let down her guard and stepped on the accelerator too!
###chapter496
Chapter 496
"There are cars at the back.Rach, open the window, and ask the cars behind to reverse!" 
Elisa kept a level head. 
Despite being in a panic, Rachel did not lose her senses and quickly wound down the car window. 
The van that was coming in their direction was huge, so the cars behind noticed something wrong too. 
Before Rachel could do anything, the drivers started reversing their cars. 
However, their speed was too slow. 
Ashen-faced, Rachel gasped, "What should we do, Elisa? The van is going to crash into us soon...The cars behind are reversing too slowly!" 
Biting her lips, Elisa stepped hard on the accelerator and turned the steering wheel swiftly while Rachel was still in a fluster. 
The next second, her car drifted and changed direction! However, despite her swift action, they were stuck in the middle of other vehicles, and the road was extremely dangerous. 
The van driver caught the opportunity and accelerated once again. 
In no time, a loud bang came forth. 
"Aah—" 
Rachel screamed at the top of her lungs.
Elisa's car was hit to the edge of the road, and the back of her car was dangling on the cliff! "OH MY GOSH! Elisa, what are we going to do?!" 
Rachel was so frightened; tears streamed down her face. 
She was gripping her seatbelt so tightly that it was as if she could rip it off at any time. 
Her other hand was clutching the buckle forcefully, causing the seatbelt to be stuck in the buckle. 
Elisa's expression turned ghastly. 
Holding the steering wheel tight, she stepped on the accelerator all of a sudden. 
The next second, the car that was half- hanging in the air landed on the ground. 
Elisa spotted a gap and sped forward while the van accelerated again after missing the first attack. 
In a split second, Elisa's car bolted out of the corner! Rachel heaved a sigh of relief. 
Fortunately, Elisa was a skillful driver. 
Otherwise, they would have been doomed! 
"L-Let's get out of here! It's too dangerous!" 
However, to her horror, Rachel realized another van had appeared in front of them. 
"Elisa! That van is speeding toward us too!!" 
Rachel screamed in a trembling voice. 
Not only was the van driving toward them at full tilt, but it was also dashing toward them in the same lane! "We're finished..."
Rachel sobbed while Elisa's expression turned sullen. 
"Rach, do you dare to jump off the car?" 
Elisa knew they couldn't stay in the car anymore. 
Rachel was at a loss for words. 
Her body shivered as fear enveloped her. 
"J-Jump off the car? But if we do that, we might be hit by both vans!" 
Elisa said seriously, "If the vans hit us from both sides, our car will surely be demolished, and none of us will survive!" 
Elisa was burning in anger — she knew the mastermind must be Linda and her family! 
"Okay.L-Let's do it!" 
Rachel stuttered. 
And so, Elisa stopped the car and yelled, "I, 2, 3, jump!" 
"Oh no...the seatbelt! Elisa.I'm stuck!" 
Rachel became more panicked the more she struggled. 
Elisa furrowed her brows when she realized Rachel had spoiled the buckle. 
"Rach, I can only drive down the cliff." She muttered. 
There was a sudden change in Rachel's expression.
"Elisa, I-I'm afraid..." 
"We're running out of time!" 
With that, Elisa drove the car off the cliff. 
"Aghhit!"
###chapter497
Chapter 497
Meanwhile, Gareth was working in his office. 
The next second, the silence was broken as Thomas flung the door open. 
Gareth knitted his brows when he saw Thomas. 
Thomas was a prudent man, so Gareth could tell from his action that something must have gone wrong. 
Just as he was thinking about it, Thomas blurted in a fluster, "Mr.Wickam, Ms.Elisa got into an accident!" 
Gareth's heart jolted. 
"Who did that?!" 
"Ms.Elisa got into a car accident.Her car fell off the clifft" 
At once, Gareth was stupefied. 
He sprang up immediately and gasped, "Where is she?!" 
In the hospital, Elisa was lying on the bed in a ward and had yet to awaken. 
From the surface, she seemed fine, but she suffered numerous bruises and even broke one of her ribs. 
Sitting in front of Elisa’s bed, Sheena and Rachel were a bundle of nerves. 
Tears streamed down Rachel's face incessantly as she sobbed.
"It's all my fault...It's all my fault..." 
Sheena held Rachel's hand and comforted her, "Don't worry, Rach.Elisa will be fine!" 
Compared to Elisa's injuries, Rachel's injuries were minor. 
The doctor treated her superficial wounds and put a bandage on the wound on her forehead. 
The two ladies did not notify Carle about the accident because they didn’t want to affect his recovery and were worried that he would insist on getting out of bed to visit Elisa. 
"What exactly happened?" 
Rachel bawled even harder, but she still repeated the incident in a trembling voice. 
"You know we have to pass through a very narrow street on the way back.Suddenly, a van sped toward us and wanted to hit Elisa's car.Elisa managed to escape but little did we know there was another van coming after us...Originally, .." 
Rachel was crying so hard that she could hardly catch her breath. 
Sheena quickly held her hang tight and cooed, "Rach..." 
Anyone would be distressed to hear about such an accident. 
Moreover, Rachel was at the scene. 
Even Sheena was frightened when she heard Rachel's description. 
Rachel snufiled and continued, "Originally, we could jump out of the car, but...I was too stupid.My seatbelt was stuck, and the buckle was spoiled.Because of me, Elisa didn't jump out of the car.We
were running out of time because the vans were speeding toward us from both sides, so Elisa had no choice but to drive off the cliff..." 
There was a sudden change in Sheena's expression. 
"So, you guys actually drove off the cliff..." 
Rachel's body was still trembling. 
"It's all my fault.I couldn't jump out of the car in ume.Otherwise, Elisa wouldn't...Thankfully, Elisa's driving skill was superb.While the car was in free fall, I could only scream hysterically, but Elisa was still controlling the direction, and she chose to let her side collide with the ground first..." 
Because of that, Elisa suffered a more serious injury than Rachel. 
Rachel was guilt-stricken. 
"If it wasn't for my stupidity, Elisa wouldn't have..." 
The words stuck in her throat thereafter as she shook like a leaf. 
Sheena didn't dare to hug Rachel because the latter had injuries all over her body, so she was afraid of hurting her. 
"Rach, I know you feel terrible, but anyone would be frightened, given the situation.Only a few could remain rational like Elisa.You've already done your best." 
She comforted Rachel. 
After pausing for a while, she continued, "Besides..."
Just then, someone barged into the ward.
###chapter498
Chapter 498
Rachel and Sheena turned to look at the entrance to see two tall men walk into the ward. 
Rachel stopped sobbing when she saw their solemn faces. 
"Gareth, Thomas, what brings you guys here?" 
Gareth didn’t answer Rachel but strode to Elisa.He pressed his lips and frowned as he looked at Elisa, who lay unconscious on the bed. 
Both Rachel and Sheena had a bad impression of Gareth. 
Thomas was aware of the incident, so he said, "We've heard about the incident and have informed the police.They're investigating the matter" 
Only then did Rachel's expression soften. 
"What did the police say?" She asked. 
Thomas hesitated for a moment before saying, "Both van drivers have fled.The police are tracing them now" 
Rachel's eyes which were originally filled with anticipation turned dull. 
"This is clearly a premeditated murder! The mastermind must be Elisa's enemy! Could it be..." 
Suddenly, the emotions in her eyes changed. 
Sheena instantly grabbed Rachel's hand, signaling for her not to say it out.
Both of them had a suspect in mind, but they couldn't reveal the person due to Gareth's relationship with Linda's family. 
Rachel clammed up at once while Gareth shot a glance at her and asked coldly, "Who are you suspecting?" 
Rachel mumbled with her eyes downcast, "I have no idea." 
Thomas’ eyes fluttered as he could roughly read her mind. 
"How's her situation?" 
Rachel inhaled deeply before muttering, "One of her ribs is broken, and she suffered numerous injuries all over the body.She's currently in a coma. 
The doctor checked her brain and said it was fine’ Gareth instantly turned to Thomas and ordered, "Get Jeremy here" 
Thomas paused for a second before answering, "Mr.Chase is already on his way." 
He personally called Mr.Chase just now while rushing to the hospital. 
Did he forget about it because he’s too anxious, or did he not want to appear to be too concerned? Thomas gave Gareth a quizzical look. 
Gareth turned away and gazed at Elisa while remaining silent. 
Mr.Chase? Sheena and Rachel exchanged glances with their eyes glistening. 
Jeremy was an extremely skillful doctor.
Many hospitals attempted to headhunt him to be an executive, but he owned a popular private hospital, so the other hospitals eventually dismissed the thought. 
Sheena grasped Rachel’s hand and nodded at her as a sign of affirmation. 
Finally, Rachel regained her composure and lifted her eyes to look at Gareth. 
At that moment, she thought Gareth had become more pleasant. 
At least, he didn't stand by and do nothing at this moment. 
He even asked Jeremy over to help out, which proved that he wasn't cold-blooded. 
Oh well, he doesn't seem to be so much of a jerk. 
Thereafter, the silence was restored in the ward. 
Around ten minutes later, Jeremy arrived at the ward and had already changed into his white coat. 
After giving Elisa a detailed check-up and understanding the incident, he commented, "I'm surprised her injuries weren't as serious given she fell from such a high cliff" 
Rachel's eyes were filled with guilt. 
"She was trying to protect me. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't let her side of the car land first..." 
Jeremy was even more impressed when he heard that. 
"She's amazing"
Then, he cast a glance at Gareth. 
Although he did not utter a word, his eyes were obviously filled with admiration for Elisa.Besides, he couldn't help thinking Gareth was such a blind man!
###chapter499
Chapter 499
He just gave up such an outstanding wife when he wanted to. 
He must have regretted it! If He isn't worried for her, why would he get me to give her a checkup? Gareth furrowed his eyebrows, ignoring Jeremy's expression.He asked in a low voice, "What about her brain? Will there be any aftereffects?" 
"No, she just needs plenty of rest.But since it’s a murder attempt, she needs protection.A gutsy person might just waltz in to harm her in broad daylight.You will never know" Gareth frowned. 
No one knew what he was thinking.He seemed to be more uneasy than before. 
Rachel and Sheena were anxious. 
Sheena spoke up. 
"I'll get someone to guard her!" 
The Gilio family still had an influence on the streets. 
"Leave, all of you." 
After ordering them, Gareth pulled out the chair and table a seat at the end af the hed He emanated a noble air, one that was like that of royalty. 
Rachel frowned. 
"What are you doing? I'll take care of Elisa myself.You'll upset her when she wakes up.That might worsen her condition."
He raised his head at once and stared at her icily. 
Rachel's legs trembled at his piercing gaze. 
His frosty aura was overwhelming to those in the room. 
Sheena hesitated before pulling Rachel's arm. 
"Rach, you should have some rest too.I need to visit Carle so he doesn't suspect anything." 
Carle. 
Gareth's expression became more unpleasant at the mention of the name. 
On the other hand, Thomas was smiling at them. 
"Both of you should rest.You must be tired after staying here for so long.Everything will be fine.Rest assured, we won't upset Ms.Benett." 
Rachel wanted to stay, but Sheena pulled her away.She gave Sheena a confused look in the doorway. 
"Sheen, why did you do that? You know Elisa hates that man.When she wakes up..." 
Sheena sighed before interrupting her. 
"I know, but you saw how it is back there.We couldn't have stayed.Besides, the doctor said that Elisa wouldn't be awake for another seven or eight hours.It won't be a problem even if Mr.Wickam stays there.And didn't you notice that he seemed to be pitying Elisa? Let him look at her more.Perhaps he won't be as harsh on her after this." 
Rachel paused and raised an eyebrow.
"Are you sure?"She asked skeptically. 
Sheena sighed again. 
"You shouldn't stay anyway.You're injured too.Don't blame yourself for what happened today.When Elisa comes around, she will blame herself too.You wouldn't be involved if it wasn't for her.The two of you...Both of you would only keep blaming yourself" 
Rachel was about to shake her head in disagreement. 
Sheena, worried about her condition, pulled her to the room they used before to rest. 
"No matter what happens, you need to sleep and rest.When you wake up, Elisa will be awake too.Then, you can talk to her and apologize or do whatever it is you want to do.There's no point in blaming yourself now! Rest.Won't you only be able to accompany Elisa if you recharge your batteries now?"
###chapter500
Chapter 500
Rachel nodded subconsciously. 
"You're right! I should rest now to act all lively in front of Elisa like nothing had happened!" 
Sheena sighed in relief as she nodded. 
"That's right! Go rest now.I'll keep you company" 
"No, you don't need to.I just had a little graze.It's better if you keep Carle company.Don't let him question why none of us are with him.Besides..." 
She paused. 
"Elisa won't be able to leave her bed in the meantime.How are we supposed to keep this from Carle?" 
Sheena’'s eyelid fluttered. 
Rachel seemed to have an idea as she uttered, "I have an idea!" 
Sheena’s eyes lit up. 
"What is it?" 
"Let's say that the company sent me on a business trip.I dragged Elisa along because the problem is challenging, and I can't solve it without her." 
"That's..." 
She was unsure but nodded after some thought.
"That seems like the only plausible reason, but then Flisa didn't meet him before she ‘left "Say that we were rushing off and I didn't let Elisa meet him.You can make something up" 
"Alright then..." 
Sheena sighed helplessly and added, "l tell him that you're busy and he can't call you.You were on a plane last night and are now resting." 
"Yes, that's good! I'll post something about attending meetings or court sessions on Twitter later!" 
Sheena didn't reply until Rachel laid down to rest. 
"I'll visit Carle now.Rest well’ "Alright, go on.Don't miss me" 
Elisa's room. 
Jeremy gave Elisa another checkup and confirmed that everything was fine.He turned away from her. 
"Did you think things through before asking me to come here?" 
His eyes landed on Gareth. 
Thomas rubbed the tip of his nose.He wanted to say: Of course he did.He asked for you before coming here and still asked for you after.If he hadn't, why would he ask for you over and over again? Gareth looked at him coldly. 
"Do you have nothing better to do?" 
Jeremy shrugged. 
"If you're regretting it now, you might still have a chance.Take this opportunity to do things right.Just pretend you don't have a mouth if you don't know what to say"
Thomas listened quietly. 
Jeremcy could have just told him not to speak instead of saying it in a roundabout way. 
Thomas might have laughed out loud if it wasn't for the situation. 
The frown lines on Gareth’s forehead became deeper as he glared at Jeremy. 
"Stop hanging around with him." 
Him. 
Naturally, he meant Vincent. 
Even Jeremy had been influenced by Vincent. 
His sarcastic way of speaking was exactly like Vincent's. 
A half-smile appeared on Jeremy's lips. 
"I'm just telling you the truth.That's all.I'm leaving now.Call me if there's anything else.But there's nothing else for me to do for her in this situation." 
Gareth didn't reply. 
Jeremy began to head out but stopped in the doorway when he recalled something. 
"Right, she has a broken rib.You should prepare nourishing food for her to recover fully." 
"Mm." 
For once, Gareth responded.
Thomas felt Gareth's eyes on him. 
He understood that it was his responsibility and immediately nodded. 
"I'll arrange the preparations now" 
Gareth stayed silent.He spoke up as he remembered something.
###chapter501
Chapter 501
He uttered lowly, "Get at Will Darcey" 
He didn't want to see him again! Thomas halted his footsteps and assented. 
Jeremy didn't say anything but just smiled. 
Both of them left one after another. 
Soon, only Gareth and Elisa were left in the ward. 
The Elisa from the past would have treated him scornfully or tried to steer clear of him. 
Gareth thought she looked much more approachable in a coma than when she was conscious. 
He was grateful that the accident didn't mar her delicate face. 
Gareth caressed her cheek with the back of his fingers.Her impeccable soft skin dazzled him. 
He can't help but linger his fingers on her skin. 
But in the next second, Gareth realized his intention and instantly retracted his hand.He scowled and stared at the woman on the bed. 
This woman, Elisa Benett, was his ex-wife! He bared his teeth and shushed. 
Nobody could possibly understand his thought. 
At this moment, inwardly, rage flowed through him like lava. 
At Benett Residence.
Anxiety terrorized Linda. 
She couldn't help but pace back and forth in the living room.She frantically rushed up to Rose when the latter came home, "How did it go?" 
Rose looked pensive and puckered her forehead, "Let's talk in the room" 
Rose's vague response had Linda's brows pulled together in a knot while she chewed her lower lip. 
She followed Rose into the room. 
Before Rose could speak, she quizzed anxiously, "What's going on?" 
She was chagrined to see Rose look somber. 
Rose grimaced and lamented through her clenched teeth, "She got lucky!" 
"What do you mean?!" 
Linda could already sense a bad omen from her mother's glum expression. 
She would be a fool if she couldn't make head or tail of her frustration that their plan had failed. 
Rose winced in contempt, "She only had a broken rib after plunging down the cliff in her car." 
With her eyes bulging, Linda exclaimed, "How is that possible!" 
How can she just break a rib after crashing down the cliffina moving car! It's ridiculous! Rose's lips drew back in a snarl, "She was lucky that there happened to be passersby along the road to call the police and help her.The drivers we hired fled the scene immediately after that" 
Linda thumped the armrest of the sofa and bellowed, "Cowards!"
She couldn't believe Elisa was able to cheat death in a ghastly cliff crash! Rose seethed, "She was then sent to the hospital, and the police are looking into the matter now" 
Linda was shaken up by Rose's statement, "Can we trust the drivers? Have you made the necessary arrangements?" 
"Don't worry.We'll be fine." 
Rose asserted. 
Linda breathed a sigh of relief and groaned, "Then what should I do next? She only broke a rib; she'll recover in no time.After that, she can resume the project.What should we do then?" 
Rose winced, "We've done it once, so it'll be difficult to do it again." 
Linda cussed, "F*ck Elisa Benett! Is she a cat with nine lives?!" 
Initially, they thought that injuring Elisa would buy them some time. 
But after thinking twice, they decided to do away with Elisa to avoid unnecessary drawbacks.
###chapter502
Chapter 502
Boy, they did not expect Elisa to survive the ghastly cliff crash. 
How did she survive a synchronized collision on both sides of her car? How did she get so lucky?! Rose tightened her grip on her phone, "Just let it be for now.We are in a tight spot now; we mustn't contact the two drivers, no matter what.Right now, you must be still and calm.Do not attempt anything that will draw suspicion from the police." 
Linda bobbed her head gravely, "So annoying! We have to visit her since she's hospitalized." 
Suddenly, her phone buzzed with a new message.She clicked on it and took a glance. 
Veins popped out in her neck as she cussed, "Dam* it!!!" 
Rose raised her brow, "What's wrong?" 
She glanced at Linda's phone and saw the message from Yara that read, Ms.Benett, Mr.Wickam came to visit Ms.Elisa and is in her ward now. 
Veins pulsed in Linda's neck and temple, "What is he trying to do? Doesn't he hate that woman? Why is he still getting entangled with Elisa? Why did he visit Elisa at the hospital? Is he out of his mind!?" 
Only God knew how stressed and resentful she was feeling. 
Why didn't Elisa die! Why! The next moment, she sprung up suddenly, "I need to get to the hospital now!" 
Rose held her back, "Wait!"
Linda turned around and looked at her, "Why are you stopping me? That f*cking b*tch, Elisa Benett, is ying to ensnare Garry.I have to do something!" 
"It will take Elisa some time until she regains consciousness! We will shoot ourselves in the foot if you show up in her ward abruptly." Rose explained pensively. 
Linda could go if Gareth wasn't there. 
But if Linda barged into Elisa’s ward in Gareth's presence, he would be suspicious about her abrupt show-up. 
After all, Gareth knew Elisa and Linda had bad blood. 
Linda took a deep breath, trying her best to siege her anxiety and rage, "Well, it's easy.He wouldn't ask, and I wouldn't explain.It’s not a secret that she's hospitalized.Is there anything that I can’t know now?" 
Linda refused to argue with Rose any longer.She grabbed her bag and sat at the dressing table. 
Although not in a mood, she forced herself to put on makeup lest Gareth sees her sick and raddled looks. 
Rose pressed her lips into a tight line and glowered, knowing she couldn't stop her daughter. 
At Darcey Group. 
Meanwhile, Will had no idea that Elisa was hospitalized because he had to make his way to Southdale to sort out the hassle Gareth had thrown at him. 
He was on a plane as the clock ticked. 
Cole sat next to him and asked, "Mr.Darcey, should we retaliate this time?"
Gareth had caused him a great deal of inconvenience. 
Will glanced at him with the corner of his eyes, "What do you think?" 
Cole's eyes flickered. 
He nodded in comprehension and didn't say anything. 
However, when Cole was away handling something else, Will had another assistant to tackle the issue Perhaps, in a few hours, Gareth might leave too.
###chapter503
Chapter 503
Gareth heeded the breach at the door and was startled when he saw the intruder was his father. 
Jerry was surprised to see him, too, "I didn’t expect you would come." 
Gareth looked away, deliberately ignoring him. 
Jerry walked up to Elisa. 
He let out a weary sigh when he saw the frail Elisa lying in vegetation, "Liz was fortunate to only break a rib after falling from such a height’ 
"Fortunate?" 
There was contempt in Gareth's tone and eyes. 
Jerry looked at him, puzzled, "What's the matter?" 
Gareth didn’t speak. 
But he knew that it wasn't because of good luck that Elisa survived.It was the strength of her will and skillful execution that saved her. 
Nobody could've survived a freak accident, crashing from a high altitude in a car like Elisa. 
Not only that, but she also protected her friend from jeopardy. 
His gaze turned murky as he pined for Elisa.He always thought that Elisa was a selfish and opportunistic woman.He didn't expect that she would choose to save her friend, Rachel. 
Because of her intervention, Rachel was almost unscathed.
Was she the Elisa he once thought? After the divorce, she changed into another person. 
She had become a stranger to him. 
Was it because he hadn't known Elisa enough, or...because Elisa had been putting on a false front all this while? Gareth glowered as he ruminated on his thought. 
His anguish spiraled. 
He digressed as he noticed that Jerry was staring at him, "Make sure Grandma doesn't know about this." 
"Well, I have sorted out the mess.No one else should know about this." 
Jerry asked Gareth, "What about you? Why did you come and see her?" 
Gareth didn't respond.He pursed his lips and refrained from explaining. 
Jerry carried on and said, "Although you were husband and wife, Liz only suffered a broken rib from the cliff crash this time.Since you've always put work above anything else, you should return to work now." 
Gareth shot a cold gaze at his father. 
Why was everyone treating him bitingly of late? The scorn in his father's eyes was too obvious to overlook. 
Gareth was annoyed at his father's palpable hostility; he turned around and looked at Elisa instead. 
He uttered, "I know what to do." 
Jerry was disappointed in his son.
Presently, Jerry was sitting opposite Gareth, where both of them sat facing Elisa in their respective position. 
Jerry criticized again, "She has suffered enough bad reputation.Stop coming near her if you do not mean to marry her.Do you wish to see people shame her for being the woman who stole Linda Benett's husband?" 
The tension in the air was getting poignant. 
The ward felt even colder all of a sudden. 
But Jerry had no qualms about the escalating tension between them because he knew his son's temperament. 
"Liz won't want to see you when she wakes.You should leave at once.I will hire someone to keep her safe here." 
Gareth darted a fierce gaze at Jerry, "Dad, I don't need you to worry about my way of living." 
"You'll be engaged to Linda soon, but you're still messing around with Liz.This is not you, and you shouldn't do this." 
Gareth bit his teeth, withdrew his gaze, and pronounced, "I won't be engaged to Linda." 
Gareth's words frightened the life out of Linda, who had just arrived at the hospital and was standing outside Elisa's ward. 
The father and son in the ward didn't know Linda had overheard their conversation. 
Meanwhile, Jerry stared at Gareth and probed, "Are you sure?"
###chapter504
Chapter 504
Linda chewed her lower lip, and fear crawled over her body, pickling her skin! She never expected Gareth to say that. 
The whole country knew that they were about to be engaged to each other. 
Linda had received flattery and felicitation from lots of people. 
She had been approached by people who tried to curry favor from her, but now, Gareth wanted to call off their engagement at the last minute. 
Did it mean that she would become a laughingstock just like Elisa?! What the hell is Gareth Wickam doing?! At this moment, she felt the urge to barge into the room and yell at him, but she...she didn't have the courage to enter the ward. 
She was distraught at the thought of Gareth saying, "I have decided to cancel our engagement.It’s good that you came by so I can save myself the trouble of informing you." 
Linda clenched her fists, gnashed her teeth, and painstakingly waited for Gareth's response.Is he...for real?! Her mind was a fluff, overthinking all the possibilities. 
Then, she heard him say, "I am." 
He concluded steadfastly. 
Her fear spiked in that instance.She felt like she might throw up. 
How...how come?! As anxiety and shock consumed her on the inside, she didn't realize she had bent and damaged the doorknob.
Gareth and Jerry noticed the subtle noises. 
Jerry strutted to the door and opened it. 
Linda was caught off guard! Her pasty face was instantly infused with shock and shame.She didn't foresee them opening the door from the inside. 
Jerry was surprised to see Linda. 
Immediately, he smiled and said, "Hi, Ms.Benett" 
Linda's heartbeat quickened. 
She stammered, "Unc...Mr....Wickam..." 
Gareth furrowed, turned around, and didn't say a word.He didn't seem like he would leave the ward, nor did he feel awkward about being caught red-handed by Linda.He just simply looked away. 
On the contrary, Linda was petrified and embarrassed.She was unsure if she should stay or get going. 
Jerry beamed a friendly smile at her, "Are you here for Liz?" 
Linda nodded unthinkingly. 
She put up a worrisome face and said anxiously, "Yes, I heard that Liz was hurt, so I quickly rushed over.How is …?" 
She was quick to align her thoughts and strode toward Elisa's bed.She looked at Elisa's bleached complexion with fury and jealousy in her eyes! Why! Why ts this b*tch still alive?! She only has a broken rib, yet she got Gareth to sulk and pin for her'’
Why! Jerry did not feel embarrassed about his conversation with Gareth.He just said courteously, "Liz is fortunate to only suffer a broken rib.She's fine now.Linda gaped and stammered in panic, "Broken rib...! Oh, god!" 
She looked devastated, "Liz had never gone through such plight...She never had to do house chores because her family had always pampered her...But now..." 
Speaking of this, Linda pretended to be overwhelmed with emotions and at a loss for words.Her intention was to paint a bad reputation on Elisa and mislead them into thinking she was a spoiled daughter. 
And that she never had to suffer because her family would ensure she had an easy life. 
But... 
Gareth darted a gaze at Elisa.His gaze was flooded with complex emotions. 
During the three years of their marriage, she cooked for him almost daily.She had always waited for him to come home for dinner. 
Yet, he never did.He thought she was absurd when his servants told him about her effort at home just to please him.
###chapter505
Chapter 505
When he was informed of her accident at the office...He hopped into the car with Thomas there and then. 
Subsequently, Thomas explained the accident to him in the car. 
"Ms.Benett was driving home when she was attacked by two heavy vehicles along a hazardous road and crashed down a cliff.But passersby called the police’ Gareth's heart plunged as Thomas briefed him on Elisa's accident. 
"Where is she now?!" Gareth was consumed by anxiety.He could feel his body drained of energy in that instant. 
Thomas shook his head, "Unsure for the time being" 
Boom! He could feel fear thudding in his skull, and his stomach flipped.He felt a rush of panic. 
"Garry?" 
Then, a voice jolted him back to the present. 
Gareth ground his jaw.He didn't look or speak to Linda. 
Linda was disheartened. 
Gareth didn't hear a thing of what she said to him... 
Jerry was thoughtful enough to explain to her, "The news was too colossal to miss.Everybody knows about it.Of course, we do too."
Linda batted her eyes, "Everyone knows? About what?" 
At this instant, she didn't pretend to be oblivious.Her mother knew she was coming to the hospital and forbade her from squealing about the secret.So, how did the secret become a non-secret all of a sudden? Linda flustered a little. 
Jerry stared at Linda meaningfully. 
He then said, "It was obviously an assassination attempt.The police are on to the two drivers’ trail as we speak.They will also find out the culprit and the motive behind the assassination.I wonder who's that daredevil that plotted against Liz." 
The culprit behind the assassination... 
Linda gasped in fright.Her knees were weak. 
Yet, her excellent acting obscured her guilt and anxiety.She faked a shock, "Someone wants Liz dead?! What a monster!" 
Gareth suddenly darted a penetrating gaze at her. 
Her adrenaline almost burst into veins. 
"Why...why are you looking at me like that, Garry?" 
Gareth seethed, "I wonder who's that monster too." 
Linda became tongue-tied in perturbation.Her stomach churned. 
Although petrified, she went along and professed, "The police will definitely uncover the truth, and the culprit will be brought to justice!"
Gareth retracted his gaze from Linda. 
The air in the ward fell into abrupt and potent heaviness. 
Linda was so anxious that she didn't know what else to say.She stood by Elisa's bed and pretended to be sullen and concerned for Elisa. 
Jerry had no intention of leaving the ward as well.He just stood there and stared at Elisa. 
After a while, Gareth received a call, and the ringtone ruptured the poignant silence. 
Gareth was annoyed by the abrupt disturbance. 
Yet, he chose to answer the call when he saw it was Thomas calling. 
"What's up?" He said in a stern tone. 
No idea what Thomas was saying to him but both Linda and Jerry could sce the fiery murderous intent in his eyes! "Alright." 
Gareth disconnected the call.Slowly, he set his eyes on Jerry. 
"I need a favor from you.And this can only be done by you in person." Jerry startled. 
He asked, puzzled, "What's the matter?" 
Gareth didn't respond to his question but switched his gaze to Linda.
###chapter506
Chapter 506
Linda froze. 
She discerned his gaze and frantically said, "I...I...Excuse me" 
The two men watched her leave the ward. 
Only then did she realize they had no reason to make her leave the ward, nor was it her obligation to leave them by themselves.She was in Elisa's ward. 
As her sister, she had all the right to stay in the ward and keep her guarded. 
If they needed space for their discussion, they could just leave the ward and do it outside! Why did they have to discuss it in Elisa’s ward? Why did she have to leave Elisa’s ward? She stood at the door in a grimace. 
Meanwhile, in another ward. 
Carle sat on the bed head with a smile on his face. 
It was a half-hearted smile. 
Sheena felt terrible seeing him like this, but she also thought it was normal for him to behave like this. 
Meanwhile, Carle said lightly. 
"My condition has improved a lot.You don't have to come and help me every day.I'm fine on my own." 
Although they were good friends, Carle thought it was not wise to see other women in private since he now had a girlfriend, Elisa.
Even though... 
Liz knew they were good friends, keeping a healthy distance between him and Sheena was the way to go. 
It was a non-issue if he was still single, but now he felt compelled to steer clear of unnecessary romantic scandals. 
Sheena had no idea what was going on in his head. 
She assumed he felt sorry for having to trouble and tire her. 
A warm stream of affection surged in her heart. 
She beamed a smile and negated his concern. 
"How can I leave you when Liz and Rach are unavailable? Liz had personally asked me to look after you before she left.She was worried that you'll have nobody to help you out." 
Carle's eyes glistened, "Liz asked you to help me?" 
Liz is so caring and kind to me. 
Sheena smiled as she tightened her grip, "Yea, Liz is worried about you.If it wasn't to protect Rach, she wouldn't have left you here all alone" 
Hearing that, Carle beamed a tender smile. 
Sheena felt a twitch in her heart.She forced a smile and said, "So, you should rest more and recover as soon as possible.Stop overthinking.Liz will be happy to see a healthy Carle when she returns." 
Carle drew a deep breath and agreed, "Alright!"
She just had to mention it was Liz's will to see him healthy to not need to coax him any further. 
As for Carle, he was overjoyed when he heard that Liz cared for him. 
She wasn't as heartless as she claimed to be and actually had feelings for him. 
Otherwise, why would Elisa remind Sheena to look after him in her absence? Sheena had been working all this while tirelessly, but Elisa still curried favor from Sheena to look after him just because she cared for him. 
This showed that he mattered to Elisa. 
Thinking of that, Carle arched his lips upwards.He was on cloud nine. 
Meanwhile, ominous bitterness besieged Sheena.She couldn't tell Carle that she had feelings for him.She painstakingly held her tears from giving away her desolation... 
Sigh. 
She felt vulnerable for loving Carle because he didn't love her the way she loved him. 
To make matters worse, he was never shy to show his feelings for Elisa in front of her.It felt awful to be in Sheena’s position. 
Her mental state affected her life quality. 
When she sulked, her day sucked. 
The ward fell into awkward silence. 
Carle had nothing to say and insinuated to Sheena, "I'm a little tired.I'm going to take a nap"
###chapter507
Chapter 507
Sheena assented, "Okay, then you rest first.Call me anytime if you need anything." 
Carle smiled, "Okay.Sheena was reluctant to leave him but seeing that he was ready to nap, she could only drag her feet and make her way to the exit.At Elisa's ward.The father and son sat opposite each other. 
Jerry looked pensive. 
He declined Gareth and said, "This time, you should do it yourself." 
"You go on behalf of me." 
Gareth asserted. 
He understood that Gareth had no qualms about the consequences if he refused to do his bid. 
The latter hadn't shifted his attention away from Elisa and didn't mention the matter again.So, Jerry said, "Come with me.I have something to ask you" 
Gareth had no desire to follow him, but after thinking twice he decided to follow Jerry out of the ward 
As soon as they came out, she rushed up. 
Gareth didn't spare her a glance and strode away. 
Gareth deliberately ignored her and left her gaped in abashment. 
Before Jerry left with Gareth, he gave Linda a courteous smile. 
Linda immediately looked away.
Anguish flooded her, but there was no one there that would care for her. 
The next second, she was reminded of something and immediately walked toward Elisa's ward. 
Meanwhile, Gareth's halted his stride. 
A moment ago, he was aloof and crude to Linda. 
But now, he turned around and gave her a glance. 
He pulled a long face when he saw that Linda was going into Elisa's ward, "Linda Benett." 
His voice caught her off guard. 
He...did he just call her by her full name He used to just call her Linda! 
"*Garry...?" 
His cold gaze stabbed her like a knife piercing through her flesh. 
Why was he glaring at her like that? Gareth asserted, "You are not allowed to go in" 
Linda was flabbergasted.She looked at Gareth, confused. 
He... 
What did he just say? This was Elisa's ward. 
Why couldn't she visit her? Hold on! What did he mean?! Did he forbid her entry because he was worried that she would hurt Elisa?! Did he think that it was her by deed that Elisa was hurt?! Her face blanched in that instant! She yelled as she shook her head in disbelief, "You suspect me? I'm her sister!"
Gareth looked stolid. 
He walked back to Elisa's ward.He pushed the door open and entered. 
Jerry followed behind him. 
Linda froze in embarrassment.She didn't Know if she should leave or follow them into the ward. 
Linda then barged into the ward as she recalled Gareth's doubt against her.She quizzed him, "Why? Why did you say that?" 
Gareth sealed his lips with a sullen face. 
Linda couldn't believe that he would shame her like this. 
Looking at the man's side profile, she took a deep breath and whimpered, "Garry, I was willing to give everything to save a stranger like you.Why would you think that I would hurt Liz? You can doubt anyone but not me!" 
Although her words were lies, her desolation was absolute. 
She didn't expect Gareth, who had always been compliant and gentle to her, to suddenly become a changed man.She can't believe he would second guess her intention.She was beyond forlorn.
###chapter508
Chapter 508
Gareth's eyes glistened. 
There were subtle sentiments in his eyes. 
Linda thought she had successfully influenced him.She breathed a sigh of relief, carried on, and explained, "You must believe me, Garry.Since when have you ever doubted me like this? Did anyone speak ill of me to you?" 
She pleaded with a breaking voice and sorrowful front. 
Jerry looked somewhat at ease.He hadn't believed a word she said from the get-go. 
Seeing the unspoken and aloof Gareth, Linda couldn't help but panic. 
How...What should I do?! After a series of cold treatments from Gareth, Linda finally figured out one thing! Gareth must have heard that audio recording! If not, why was he so mean to her and suddenly became so protective of Elisa? Eventually, Gareth said, "Go back first. I have some things to do. Let's have lunch tomorrow at noon" 
Linda was taken aback.She would've been thrilled if Gareth had invited her for lunch before all this turmoil unfolded. 
But now... 
She thought that his invitation for lunch was merely an occasion he set up to break up with her. 
Suddenly, she had no desire to attend the lunch! Linda immediately shook her head, "No, my sister is injured, and I'm not in the mood for a lunch date.I will keep her company these few days.You...why
don't the both of you go back first?" 
She would never let Gareth and Elisa have the chance to be with each other again! Gareth burrowed. 
Linda was terrified by his dominant aura, but even so, she suppressed her fear and looked him in the eyes confrontationally. 
Gareth warned, "Linda, you're testing my patience." 
Her mind went blank.She was at a loss for words. 
It was futile to resist his command. 
She had exhausted her courage.She feared he might not want to see her again if she pressed on and challenged his patience. 
Tears filled up her eye rims, "Why? Why would you do this to me?" 
She is my sister... 
Linda held her tongue. 
She was worried that saying it would trigger Gareth's wrath. 
How did Gareth get hold of the da*n audio recording? She didn't understand! Her mother’s assistant!!! "Get out" 
Linda quivered. 
Jerry sighed and looked at Linda, "Linda, you're not in the right mental and emotional state to care for Liz.
Go back first. 
Gareth will take good care of Liz. 
Liz's best friend is also in the hospital, and she could be useful." 
Linda tried to fish for Jerry's permission and sympathy, "Mr.Wickam..." 
"Leave now" 
Jerry repeated himself. 
Linda couldn't say anything else. 
Although she was reluctant to leave them alone, what else could she do? She bit her lip, "I'm innocent! Please believe me!" 
"The truth prevails.And we shall see." 
Jerry looked calm and easy.It was difficult for her to decipher his thought.He didn't insinuate that he believed Linda. 
Gareth didn't say a word and ignored Linda. 
The ward was permeated with discomfiture. 
Linda was annoyed.She bit her lip, said nothing, and walked out of the ward. 
Finally, tranquility filled up the ward once again. 
Initially, Gareth wanted to talk to Jerry privately, but he was worried about leaving Elisa alone.So, he gave a profound look at Jerry.
"The flight ticket has been purchased.The flight will leave in two and a half hours.I'm really grateful for you this time." 
"Is it because of Liz that you're staying?’ Jerry said with ostensible disapproval in his eyes, "Stop bothering her if you have no means to be with her.What are you trying to do? Give her hope again? And do you think she would want you back now?"
###chapter509
Chapter 509
Hearing Jerry's words, Gareth can't help but pull a long face.He shot a cold glance at Jerry, "That's my business." 
"Your business?" 
Jerry appeared exasperated, "Are you not a failure to the Wickam family? Take a look at what has become of Wickam Group ever since you divorced Liz.Do you have any idea what other people say about you? I have no desire for fame and wealth but look at how you treat is.Do you think you deserve her?" 
Jerry rebuked and shamed his son viciously. 
Gareth wasn't angry with Jerry. 
On the contrary, he thought it was cute that his father cared for Elisa and sided with Elisa instead of him. 
Jerry pressed on, "I will help you this time.But you should think about what's next.You can't simply call off an engagement like that.Go and think things through.After finishing speaking, Jerry left the ward.Gareth sat still and didn't bother to look at Jerry at all.He just stared at the unconscious Elisa.His gaze gradually tainted with nuanced sentiments. 
An hour passed. 
Two hours went by. 
Rachel had woken up from a nap, but she still wasn't allowed into Elisa's ward.She scratched her head irritably, "Is Gareth out of his mind Why hasn't he left yet?"
Sheena batted her eyes, "I think...he's in love with Liz" 
Rachel gaped in astonishment, "He's nuts! He used to despise and maltreat Liz.How can he suddenly have feelings for Liz? I think he is secretly on to Liz's project!" 
"Project? What project?" 
Sheena had no clue about the existence of the project until Rachel explained it to her. 
Sheena zoned out. 
Rachel's explanation clouded her judgment, "Is that so...?" 
Rachel argued again, "What then? Gareth Wickam is a fool! Liz is a good woman, but he only cares about that b*tchy Linda Benett.Why would he suddenly fall for Liz? He doesn't deserve her at all!" 
Sheena was stupefied. 
Did she assume wrongly about Gareth? Time passed, and finally, Elisa woke up from her coma. 
A brusque bolt of shock and ache paralyzed her senses, causing her to gasp in pain. 
Gareth stared at her anxiously.He saw that she was in pain and was going to comfort her, but...he choked back his intention. 
It was unusual of him not to spew mockery at Elisa. 
All he did was stare at her stolidly. 
Elisa sensed the cold gaze.She looked over and saw Gareth. 
She fluttered her lashes in confusion.
Am I dreaming? Why am I seeing Gareth? Why was Gareth in her dream? But...the throbbing ache and soreness in her body assured her that Gareth was indeed sitting in front of her. 
She scrunched her face and said in a hoarse voice, "Why are you here? Where's Rachel?" 
She wanted to get up from the bed but was stopped by Gareth, "She is alive and kicking.She is doing absolutely better than you." 
Elisa breathed a sigh of relief. 
Although she didn't like Gareth, she knew he wouldn't lie to her. 
Subsequently, she looked at him again, "Then...why are you here? Were you looking for me? I can't do anything about the project since I am in bad shape now." 
Gareth pulled his brows together.Her words upset him. 
Then, he quizzed her, "Do you find it annoying to see me here?" 
Elisa was flabbergasted. 
Didn't he already know? Elisa had just regained consciousness, and her mind was still hazy.She was just curious to see Gareth waiting by her side. 
Where were Sheena and Rachel?
###chapter510
Chapter 510
She didn't speak, but her eyes gave away her thought. 
In an instant, the air in the ward came to a still! She was assaulted by his cold gaze as well as his death glare. 
But Elisa had no qualms about his fierce aura. 
She just looked at him, puzzled, "Mr.Wickam should leave if you have no business here" 
Gareth burst out a sarcastic cackle.He had stayed by her side since the beginning.He dared not leave her side. 
She didn't even bother to thank him but drove him away. 
Hah! For the sake of dignity, he would never be entangled with this woman again! He stood on his feet and strode out of the ward. 
Subsequently, Rachel and Sheena rushed into the ward after seeing Gareth leave. 
The girls were surprised to see Elisa had woken up from her coma. 
Rachel! burst into happy tears instantly. 
"Thank God! You’re finally awake, Liz " 
Rachel ran up and grabbed Elisa's hands. 
She sat in the same spot where Gareth had just sat and looked at Elisa remorsefully. 
Elisa curled her lips, "Silly girl! Why are you crying? I'm alive and well, aren't 1?"
Elisa knew Rachel too well. 
Rachel whimpered, "It's all my fault, Liz.You wouldn't have plunged down the cliff if I had reacted quicker.Maybe we could have avoided the accident...I was a coward.I..." 
Rachel was consumed by guilt and retrospection.She didn't know what else to say or do to make up to Elisa. 
Elisa couldn't help but snicker, "Look at you; you're overthinking.I'm fine.I just need some time to heal.Anyway, I worked tirelessly before this accident and needed a break.It is a good opportunity for me to do that now." 
"Liz..." 
Rachel couldn't hold her guilt, and tears streamed down her checks. 
Elisa wanted to wipe away her tears, but Rachel dodged her well intention, "Don't worry about me.I...I will be fine in a while.By the way, I have already called the police! The police are investigating it and told me they have received many reports on the incident." 
"Many reports?" 
Rachel bobbed, "I remember there weren't just those two heavy vehicles driving beside us.Other passersby witnessed the accident and helped call the police, too" 
Elisa beamed a smile, "There's no point in involving the police.The culprit must have planned this from the beginning.In the end, only the two drivers would be held accountable by law." 
Rachel pouted and argued, "No! Not at all! I believe they would slip up on trails or leave evidence!" 
Elisa smiled and refrained from arguing with Rachel.
The truth didn't matter because she didn't need to resort to revenge through the law.She would never pardon Norman Benett and his despicable family.She was determined to make them pay for their sin against her family. 
Sheena was worried, "They tried to kill you, Liz.What are you going to do next...?" 
Rachel also looked at Elisa perturbed. 
Elisa said calmly, "Let's go with the flow.They were unkind to me, and I shall not spare them kindness." 
"Then...do you have a plan yet?" Rachel asked. 
Elisa didn't respond to her question but looked at them instead, "Why was Gareth in my ward just now?"
###chapter511
Chapter 511
Sheena and Rachel were stunned for a moment. 
Then, their expressions looked weird. 
Rachel snorted. 
"I think he only came for the proposal you made.He will not even let go of you up to this minute! What a rascal!" 
The look in Elisa’s eyes tensed for a while.She went silent. 
Sheena spoke awkwardly. 
"I still think that Gareth has fallen for you..." 
Rachel was speechless.Her lips twitched.She felt that Sheena was out of her mind. 
Elisa chortled gently.She did not believe it. 
But Sheena could not help but continue gently, "Gareth arrived at the hospital not long after you were admitted.He seemed pretty worried and even specially assigned Jeremy to treat you and see if you were okay.Jeremy only left after making sure that you were okay.Then, he chased us all out and kept watch outside your ward alone.He was there for six hours..." 
Elisa was nurtured She did not expect Gareth to spend such a long time here.He was really determined to get the proposal. 
Sheena hesitated for a short moment again before continuing.
"Linda came to see you in the middle of his watch.But she left shortly after.I guess Gareth chased her out.But Gareth came out of your ward two minutes after she left.Oh, and Gareth's father came to see you too.They were about to leave when Gareth saw Linda trying to enter your ward.He stopped her and chased her away again." 
"Did that happen?" 
Rachel was taken aback by the news. 
Sheena nodded. 
The look in Elisa’s eyes froze a bit. 
Gareth must have been slightly convinced. 
If not, he wouldn't be so cautious over Linda, would he? Sheena pursed her lips and said, "People become weird when they experience complicated feelings.I think he has fallen for you, Elisa." 
Rachel did not say anything.She suddenly agreed with Sheena’s words. 
Elisa maintained a calm face and answered. 
"I know" 
Rachel gave her a puzzled look. 
"What is it that you know? What do you think Gareth's purpose of coming is this time?" 
Elisa frowned lightly.She suddenly could not understand what was happening. 
Moreover, he never mentioned anything about the proposal to her.
If the proposal was his purpose, he would have already brought it up or said something ugly to her.But he didn't. 
Could this possibly not be about the proposal? 
"I don't really know either.But we can just ignore Gareth for now.Grandma and Uncle are here now, so he cannot harm me" 
Rachel immediately nodded. 
"You are right.It is more urgent for you to deal with your cousin and her family now!" 
Elisa said, "I didn't say anything." 
Sheena interrupted. 
"You have not eaten anything yet today.Have some porridge.You need the energy to get back to your own feet." 
Elisa smiled. 
"Sure." 
Gareth walked out of the hospital with an ugly face.He immediately called Thomas as soon as he got into his car. 
"Any updates on Will Darcey?" 
Thomas quickly answered, "Their plane will only land after an hour" 
"Have you stopped the news?"
Gareth sounded cold. 
"Yes," 
Thomas answered firmly.He knew his boss was not in a good mood when he heard his voice. 
Perhaps Ms.Benett was already conscious, and he was turned down. 
After all, he had watched over her for so long. 
Gareth was a temperamental person. 
If she did not show him any gratitude, the both of them would definitely have endless...sparks. 
Yes, sparks of fury.
###chapter512
Chapter 512
On the third day. 
Time flew. 
Three days passed, and Gareth had not come to revisit Elisa.He seemed to be angry. 
But Elisa had not planned to pay attention to him from the beginning.She had completely forgotten about this person. 
Gareth Wickam... 
Suddenly could not stand this anymore. 
Just as Elisa was about to take a rest, the door of her ward opened.She opened her eyes.She had expected Sheena or Rachel. 
After all, Carle was kept in the dark all along.She had to be careful since she was in the same hospital as Carle. 
Both she and Rachel couldn't be seen by Carle. 
So Rachel stayed with her in her ward the whole time. 
But... 
When she saw that Gareth was her guest instead, she frowned lightly.She stared at him quietly.She was obviously not delighted to see him. 
Gareth ignored the look on her face.He walked over to her side and sat down.
With a calm voice, he asked, "How are you feeling?" 
Elisa glanced at him in surprise. 
In fact, she looked delightfully surprised. 
Is this man out of his mind?He's actually showing his concern forme! She could still doubt his feelings the last time and assume that Gareth was probably... 
Most probably, or...not here for the proposal. 
After all, he did not bring it up.But the concern he showed her now confirmed her assumption.He was here for the proposal, wasn't he? Elisa did not ask him about his intentions. 
She merely answered calmly, "Not bad." 
Gareth pursed his lips and did not speak. 
Elisa, however, suddenly got interested and asked, "Are you worried about my cousin, Mr.Wickam?" 
Gareth frowned lightly. 
When he saw her half-smiling face, he suddenly felt annoyed and angry.Her behavior always disgusted him deep down. 
"Elisa, are you heartless?" 
Elisa was confused.She gave Gareth a puzzled look. 
"What are you talking about?" 
The frown on Gareth’s face tightened immediately.
Yes, what did he say just now? A thought suddenly came into Elisa's mind, and she smiled. 
"Mr.Wickam, do you think I shouldn't speak about my cousin in this way? You think that she treats me nicely.But she is not as gentle as you think" 
Elisa's smile widened. 
"By the way, even if it was true that she got paralyzed when she was knocked down that time, it was because of you.It has got nothing to do with me.Her family is cruel, and they have inflicted hurt upon my family members. 
They robbed my father of his hard work too. 
Mr.Wickam, I do not care if you do not believe me and think their family is good. 
Because nobody will be able to stop me. 
Elisa smiled gently. 
But her words were as lethal as poison. 
The poison seemed to spread in the air too. 
The look on Gareth’s face grew darker. 
Elisa was even more puzzled by this guy at this moment. 
What exactly is his purpose for coming here? She did not say anything, but doubt lingered in her eyes. 
Gareth was acting really weird recently. 
He did not treat her so sarcastically as he did in the past.
But...His actions were still weird. 
Nevertheless, his presence annoyed her. 
She hesitated for a while, then glanced at him and asked, "Is there anything else you'd like, Mr.Wickam?" 
"Must I have a purpose for being here?" 
Gareth snorted out of annoyance. 
Elisa was bewildered.She gave him a confused look. 
"Why are you here if you have nothing to do here?" 
Gareth could not believe what he was hearing.He was so angry that he had the urge to compliment her. 
She was really good at angering him.She could get on his nerves so easily! But he did not plan on leaving today! Suddenly, a knock sounded on the door.
###chapter513
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 513
“Elisa, my uncle is here to see you. We’re coming in.”Gareth frowned instantly. Elisa glanced at him nonchalantly, then answered the voice at the door. “Come in.”The door opened.Rachel was smiling when she opened the door, but when she saw Gareth, she was stunned. Why is Gareth here again?Is he crazy?She had only left for a moment, and now he was here. Did he plan his time and come when she left?If Sheena could hear Rachel’s thoughts, she would definitely rebut Rachel.Would Mr. Wickam need to avoid you? He could just chase you away.There was a fruit basket in James’ hands, and he was smiling too. But his smile froze when he saw Gareth. However, the next moment, he recovered and said, “What a coincidence to see you here, Mr. Wickam.”James spoke naturally. He did not seem awkward.Gareth looked at James. His eyebrows twitched a little as he said, “I didn’t expect to see you here, Mr. Markee.”He knew James. James was an outstanding person. He was once tempted to offer James to work for him, but when he discovered James’ relationship with Elisa’s father, he gave up that thought.James smiled. Then, he put the fruit basket on Elisa’s bedside table. When he saw Elisa trying to get up to help, he quickly stopped her, “Don’t move. You have a broken rib. Don’t you dare move.”Elisa smiled. “I’m not that fragile. Moreover, I am almost recovered. I have undergone fixation of the ribs, and I’ve been doing physiotherapy.”She got up as she spoke. She looked active and alert and did not look like a patient. Rachel had been taking care of her these days. She knew how far Elisa could go, so she did not stop her.Gareth kept staring at her. He realized that she wasn’t a person with a bad temper. She was just bad-tempered toward certain people.And he was one of them. The sneer on Gareth’s face widened when he thought of this.James sighed. “How did this happen to you? Are you feeling better now?”“Yes. I’m almost recovered. Please have a seat.”James smiled as he nodded. He sat on the other side of Elisa’s bed, facing Gareth.James looked at Elisa pitifully. “Have a good rest for the time being. Don’t worry too much about work. Put your health first no matter what.”James was not concerned about Gareth being there at all. After all, the managing officers’ relationships in Benett Corporation were pretty obvious. People knew that he was on Elisa’s father’s side.Since his friend was gone, he was, of course, on his daughter’s side.Gareth sat in his seat quietly. He seemed like he
wanted to stay back and listen to James and Elisa’s conversation.Rachel glanced at Gareth suspiciously. Why is he not leaving yet?Is Mr. Wickam so free nowadays?Elisa nodded at James. “I know, Uncle James. Don’t worry about me. I will take care of my health.”James nodded profusely. “Of course, you have to. That’s the right thing to do, and it will make me feel less worried about you. I will be here for you.”Elisa felt warm inside. There was a hint of gratitude in her eyes.When Gareth saw this, he froze. Was she so easily touched?
###chapter514
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 514
Then why did she seem aloof when he visited her? She even seemed disgusted.Why wasn’t she touched?From the moment James entered the ward, Elisa did not spare any glances at Gareth. She was busy chatting happily with James and Rachel.He seemed to be invisible to her.James suddenly felt that something was not quite right in the ward. Only then he noticed Gareth. He smiled warmly at Gareth.“Mr. Wickam, what brings you here today?”It was an unexpected visit. Gareth should be busy now.Gareth simply answered. “I’m free today.”Although… Everyone ignored him just now. He did not mind since he was a cold person.Even if they ignored him, it would not make him wait on them.Rachel, too, could feel the awkwardness in the air. She paused for a moment, then spoke with a smile. “Well… I’m heading out for some air.”Elisa nodded at her.Three people were left in the ward.Elisa gave Gareth a look. Although they did not speak, it was obvious what Elisa wanted from Gareth.Are you not leaving yet?Gareth avoided Elisa’s gaze and looked at James.“Mr. Markee, you are having quite a hard time at the company recently, aren’t you?”The smile on James’ face froze. But shortly after, James regained his composure and answered, “Why are you asking this out of the blue?”He almost blurted to Gareth about how rude it was for him to say such insensitive words.Gareth did not seem to realize anything wrong with his words. He simply answered, “Mr. Markee, you wish to help your old friend achieve his dreams. But you can’t do it. Perhaps I can help you.” James hesitated for a moment. Then he chuckled, “There is no free lunch in this world. I don’t think I’ll be able to repay you.”Elisa frowned lightly. She glanced at Gareth. Was he planning on getting Uncle James on his side? Then he could have Uncle James convince me to work with him.But Uncle James likes Will more.Elisa leaned against her bedhead. She did not plan to interfere in this.The two men continued exchanging opinions. But it was all just small talk.Nevertheless… Elisa could feel Gareth’s sincerity. He had offered quite a few benefits that seemed appealing to James. But the next moment, he smiled. “We appreciate your sincere offer, Mr. Wickam. But as you can see, I’m occupied with many tedious tasks. If I make the wrong decision, I might get into deep trouble. Elisa is my old friend’s daughter. I must protect her no matter what.”Gareth glanced at the woman coldly and answered in a calm voice. “Elisa is my grandma’s biological
granddaughter.”Elisa was stunned.She turned toward Gareth. Is he trying to use his connections now? A moment later, Elisa answered calmly, “Mr. Wickam, you can talk to Norman about many things. You don’t have to waste so much time on Uncle James. You make me feel as if you must have me. Or is it… An illusion?”The sarcasm in her words was extremely obvious.Gareth pursed his lips. The look in his eyes was icy. He looked very dangerous. But the next moment later, he smiled with his eyes.Elisa was confused.An illusion?Even James was taken aback. Something was fishy about the two.Gareth answered immediately. “What do you think then? Do you think I must have you?”
###chapter515
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 515
His voice was soft. It was almost a whisper. 
But… 
Elisa could hear the sarcasm in his words. She pursed her lips. She wanted to ask him to leave right away. But she remembered that James was present. It would be humiliating for Gareth if she told him to leave now. She did not want to get on the wrong side of him. 
She hesitated for a while before speaking. “I’m sorry I cannot agree to work with you. We should keep a clear line between the both of us.” 
Gareth frowned quietly. 
James could feel Elisa’s eyes on him. He quickly said, “Mr. Wickam, Elisa. I rushed here when I heard that you got hurt. But I’m glad to see that you are fine now. Take good care of yourself. I will come and see you again tomorrow.” 
Elisa shook her head and smiled. “You don’t need to take the trouble, Uncle James. I’m perfectly fine. I will go back to work soon.” 
James sighed. But he knew that he couldn’t stay here any longer. He smiled and nodded, “Then I shall leave. Nice meeting you, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth nodded lightly at James. He did not say anything else. 
Shortly after James exited the ward, he bumped into his niece. 
Rachel came up to him. “Uncle, are you leaving so soon? Umm… When is Mr. Wickam planning to leave?”
She had been waiting outside the ward for quite some time. She did not expect her uncle to leave first. 
James shook his head with a frown. “He is not planning to leave yet. You should wait here until he leaves. Something is off between the two of them.” 
“What?” Rachel widened her eyes and spoke anxiously, “Is Mr. Wickam plotting something evil against Elisa?” 
James was left speechless for a while. He twitched his lips, then raised his hand and flicked Rachel’s forehead. “What is in your mind?” 
Rachel took a step back and held her aching forehead. She did not understand James’ actions. “What do you mean?” 
“The air between them both was just weird. Forget it. It’s not a good time for you to enter now. Elisa is smart enough to handle this. You shouldn’t go in and make things complicated for her. See me off first.” 
Rachel was dumbstruck. 
She looked at James in confusion. Aren’t you physically and mentally able enough to find your way out? Do you still need me to see you off? 
James was amused by the look in Rachel’s eyes. He asked, “Are you going to see me off?” 
“Yes, yes, yes…” 
So James dragged Rachel away from Elisa’s ward. 
Gareth and Elisa were the only people left in the ward. 
Elisa was confused why Gareth refused to leave. Was he here because of Linda?
She could not capture his messy thoughts or feelings. But she knew that he wasn’t guilty. 
The both of them did not have feelings for each other anyway. It did not matter, even if he misunderstood her. 
When Elisa thought of this, she chuckled. “Mr. Wickam, I did not tell you to leave when Uncle James was here because I thought I should leave you some dignity. But I would like to know when you’re planning to leave.” 
Gareth was angry when he heard Elisa’s words. He grabbed her wrist but did not pull it because he knew she was hurt. He just held it tightly. 
Elisa frowned. She wanted to wriggle free, but Gareth spoke fiercely. “I asked you just now. Are you heartless?”
###chapter516
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 516
Elisa gave him a peculiar look. “What do you want?”Elisa gave up on her effortless struggle.Gareth took a deep breath and tried to calm himself down.But Elisa was dissatisfied with him not saying anything.What was he doing?A while later, he said with a deep voice, “I will not be engaged to her.”Elisa was surprised. “You won’t?”She was interested in this.She was interested in anything that would make Linda unhappy.Gareth pursed his lips. “I will explain everything to you if everything is as you said.”Elisa chuckled lightly. She stared straight into his eyes and said, “Didn’t you think I was a conceited and scheming person?”Gareth frowned. There was a complicated expression on his face.A while later, he spoke in a low voice. “Hopefully, you are not someone like that.”“Hah.” Elisa snorted. It seemed that he still thought she was someone like that.She ignored the ugly look on Gareth’s face and said, “I don’t know what your intentions are, but I’m happy that you will break the engagement with Linda. I know you are not doing it for me, but I’m still glad you are doing it. Thank you.”The look in Gareth’s eyes turned colder.“Elisa, are you too lazy to even put up an act anymore?”She was obedient, docile, gentle, and understanding in the past.But now, she was reckless, unruly, ruthless, and cruel.Perhaps this was her real personality.Elisa smiled. “You have always thought I was over the top. What’s the use of me pretending anyway?” Gareth frowned once more. Then, he sneered. “Let me give you a piece of advice about the this collaboration. It would be best if you didn’t promise Will Darcey too much, or it will be hard for you in the future.”After Gareth finished speaking, he got up. He did not want to stay any longer. This woman might anger him to death.Elisa watched him leave warily.“Wait.”Gareth paused. But he did not turn around to face Elisa.Elisa confirmed with him again. “Are you going to keep your word and really not getting engaged? You are not joking with me or teasing me, are you?”Gareth snorted coldly. He left without answering Elisa.The ward fell silent instantly.Elisa took out her phone and read the few messages on it. She sighed gently, then replied to Carle’s text.— Elisa: ‘Yes, I’m fine. There’s no need to worry about me. You should take care of your health yourself. Do listen to Sheena, as she’s the one taking care of you.’— Carle: ‘I’m taking care of my health. Don’t worry about me, Elisa. I might even get discharged when you are back.’— Elisa: ‘Okay then. I’ve had a long day. I’m tired.
Goodnight.’Carle slowly deleted the message he had typed halfway. He wanted to ask if they could have a video call. A hint of disappointment flashed across his eyes.But…He knew that Elisa was busy right now. He shouldn’t disturb her.— Carle: ‘Okay. Goodnight.— Elisa: ‘Goodnight.’Just as Elisa was about to put away her phone, it rang. She narrowed her eyes suddenly.She had told them not to call her unless it was urgent. That meant that…
###chapter517
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 517
She narrowed her eyes and answered the call.“What’s the matter?”The person at the other end of the call answered immediately. “Ms. Benett, she is up to something again!”Elisa pursed her lips and did not answer. She waited for the person at the other end of the call to finish her words.Yara took a deep breath and spoke. “I heard her talking to Mrs. Benett. She expressed her unhappiness toward her failure. She said that she would carry her plan out slowly. I know you are in the hospital now, so… I think they are planning another attack on you!”Linda had come over these two days when she was in the hospital. Norman and his wife came too and put up a show of affection toward her. They looked so sincere that she almost mistook them for her biological parents.“Do you know what they are planning?” Elisa sounded calm.A flash of admiration flashed across Yara’s eyes. Ms. Benett was always calm when she encountered emergencies like this. She was so much better than Linda in this way.When Yara had worked for Linda, she had always acted like a gentle lady in front of outsiders. She was kind to everybody and acted like a noble lady. Everyone thought that she was like an angel, precious and beautiful.But… She was the only one who knew how evil Linda was in private.Elisa, however, was different.She was always noble and could get everyone’s admiration and respect from the bottom of their hearts.“This… I don’t know about it yet.”Elisa simply answered. “Okay. You should be more cautious during this period too. Don’t let her find out about you.”“Okay.” Yara expressed her concern, “Ms. Benett, you… Please watch out!”“Okay. Goodbye.”“Okay.” Elisa put away her phone and lay down on the bed once more. She had a troubled look in her eyes.She wondered what their plans were this time.But…Just as she was thinking about it, the door was pushed open suddenly.Elisa thought that it was Rachel. But she did not expect to see Charli when she raised her eyes.“Charli…”The look on Charli’s face was dark and scary. “Did you plan to keep this from me if I never came?”Elisa quickly shook her head, “No…”Then, she got up.But Charli quickly strode towards Elisa. She held one of her shoulders and spoke in a low tone. “Why are you getting up? Lie down properly!”There was a warm, fuzzy feeling in Elisa’s heart. She smiled gently and nodded. “Alright.”There was no need for her to put up an act in front of Charli.When she saw the dissatisfied look on Charli’s face, Elisa chuckled, “I’m
fine. I will be discharged soon.”“Did they do this to you?” Charli frowned. “Why didn’t you inform me about this as soon as you gained consciousness? I could have investigated it!”Elisa smiled, “They would have wiped all their traces away if they dared to hurt me. Eventually, the blame will be on the two drivers. Now that the police have been alerted, we do not necessarily need evidence to take revenge on them.”Charli looked at her, puzzled. “Do you have a plan?”Elisa’s eyes glinted. She smiled but did not answer Charli. “Everything will be done slowly.”Charli frowned. She was quiet. She had complicated feelings that she could not find words to express.She looked at Elisa solemnly. “Elisa, you must tell me everything. It is a must for you to get rid of Linda!”The ward door was suddenly pushed open right after Charli finished speaking.
###chapter518
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 518
Charli’s facial expression changed instantly. She quickly turned around to look.She sighed gently in relief when she saw that it was Rachel.Rachel was a little surprised to see her. “Oh, Charli! You’re here!”Elisa had forbidden her to tell Charli about her accident.Charli nodded. “You wouldn’t have told me if I didn’t come.”Rachel grinned embarrassedly. “Charli, you know you can’t blame me for this. Elisa didn’t want to worry you, so she stopped me from telling you.”Charli sighed helplessly. “You two!”Elisa smiled and said nothing.Charli stopped talking about Linda because Rachel was here.And the end of this topic… Made Elisa feel much more relaxed.They happily chatted until Elisa looked a little tired.Charli got up to leave. “Okay, I will come again tomorrow to see you. Have a good rest tonight.”Elisa smiled and nodded. “See you.”Rachel quickly got up as well. “I’ll see you out, Charli.”“There’s no need for that. You should stay back and look after Elisa. If not, no one will be here to watch over her later when I leave.”Rachel nodded with a smile. “Alright then. See you.”Charli smiled and left.Rachel brought Charli to the door. Then she returned to Elisa’s side and sat down.“Elisa, what do you plan to do about Gareth?”Elisa got up and freshened herself up. “I can’t say anything about the current situation. Perhaps we should just go with the flow.”Rachel sighed helplessly. “Yes. You need to regain your health too…” She looked more disturbed than Elisa.Four days passed, and it was already the third day since Elisa got discharged from the hospital.She stayed at home on those days to rest.She recovered quickly, so others did not worry much about her.As for Will Darcey…He was overseas when he learned about Elisa and could not get himself off work.He could only call Elisa.“Mr. Darcey.”Will frowned and asked immediately. “How are you?”Elisa replied casually, “I’m fine. Everything is good.”Will looked guilty. “I’m sorry, I have been busy dealing with business overseas. Elisa, I…”He wanted to go on, but Elisa interrupted him. “Mr. Darcey, you don’t have to feel bad. Moreover, I’m fine.”“Elisa.” Will’s tone deepened, and he sounded helpless.Elisa frowned and kept quiet.But Will continued to speak gently, “I know you don’t like me and are avoiding me. But sometimes, feelings come naturally. You cannot stop me.”Elisa frowned lightly. “I can’t believe Mr. Darcey is talking about his feelings.”This time, Will kept quiet. He sighed gently at the other end of the phone.He paused a
while and spoke. “I might only be able to return in half a month.”Elisa answered curtly. “Okay.”She did not wish to continue the conversation with Will, so she said, “It’s late. Rest early, Mr. Darcey.”“Okay.” Will’s tone was gentle, but he sounded disappointed.Elisa frowned lightly. She had the urge to end the call.But before she could hang up, the man’s words made her stop. Her expression froze.
###chapter519
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 519
“Elisa, I found out some information about your father.”Elisa was stunned for a moment. A tinge of disbelief flashed across her eyes. Then, the next moment, she spoke.“What did you manage to find?”“I can’t tell you through the phone. It’s not very urgent, but it might do you some help. I’ll talk to you when I get back, alright?”Elisa’s eyes flickered with some hope. She did not know what to say, but she did not want to hang up just like that.Others might not know how important the information about her father was to her, but Will had been observing her for quite some time, so he must know what she wanted.Moreover, Will wasn’t someone who would waste time on meager issues. If he were to announce something, it would not be something frivolous.Any evidence she could get hold of was of extreme importance to Elisa.Elisa hesitated for a moment before speaking. “Did someone call you? Or did you manage to get hold of any documents or information? Can you send it to me?”Her tone was slightly pleading.Will sighed gently. “The matter isn’t as simple as you think. Plus, I don’t know if it is credible. Give me a few more days. I will contact you when I have confirmed its credibility.”Elisa frowned. Although Will usually did not look serious, he was pretty reliable. He would not lie.Although Elisa looked calm when handling matters about her father, her heart was in turmoil. She dreamed of meeting her father almost every night. Every day upon waking up, she would have the strong urge to avenge her father.After a moment of hesitation, Elisa spoke. “Can you tell me briefly what it is about?” Will did not refuse her this time. He spoke gently. “It is about a series of events when your father was in charge of some projects. But I’ll have to validate its plausibility first.”Elisa pursed her lips. She could not help but say in a gentle tone.“Thank you so much.”She owed Will a favor for this.Elisa did not care about anything else. She would not let others manipulate her, but when it was about her father…Her father was her Achilles heel.Elisa knew Will Darcey after associating with him for quite some time. Even if he might use her, he knew his limits.Elisa would do anything for him willingly if he proved to be a great help to her this time regarding her father. He would not even need to try to take advantage of her.“It is my duty to help my father-in-law. You don’t have to thank me for it.”“Mr. Darcey…”Elisa frowned. But before she could continue, she heard Will chuckle softly. It was a sad and helpless
chuckle.“I was joking. But if the information I provide is accurate, could you change how you address me then?”Elisa’s expression changed. What does he mean?But before she could speak, Will cut her.“I do not want to hear you calling me Mr. Darcey or Sir anymore. Call me Will, okay?”Elisa’s eyes flickered. It was not something tough to do. Finally, she answered, “Alright.”Will smiled gently.Anyone would be shocked to see him smile like that!Although he had always looked friendly and was forever smiling, he was known to be cold and ruthless. However, his eyes were full of tenderness now.He spoke once more after a moment of hesitation.
###chapter520
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 520
“Sleep early tonight. I will try my best to confirm this matter as soon as possible and contact you after that.”“Okay. Thanks.”Will frowned. “I do not like to hear that from you. I would like it if you consider saying ‘Will, I like you’ rather than ‘Thank you’ next time.”Elisa frowned quietly.Will smiled and continued, “Then, I will know that you intend to thank me. Don’t worry. I will not misunderstand.”Elisa could not say anything in response.“Well, I’ll stop teasing you already. You should go to sleep.” Will’s tone was still gentle, but he could taste the bitterness of his words.“Mmm.”Elisa simply grunted in reply. Then, both of them ended the call.Elisa held the phone in her hand tightly. She had lost her desire to sleep.“Elisa, why are you not asleep yet? It is already very late!”Suddenly, Rachel’s voice sounded from outside her bedroom door. Elisa quickly replied, “I’m going to sleep now.”She was not fully recovered and still needed someone to take care of her, so Rachel decided to stay with her for the time being.After all, both she and Elisa needed to go on business trips. On the other hand, Carle had to stay in the hospital for treatment.The wound on his head was too severe that he had almost become paralyzed. So he would not be discharged so soon.“Okay, you rest early too. Call me if you need me.”Rachel yawned.She had gotten up to go to the washroom and heard noises from Elisa’s bedroom.“Okay.” Rachel returned to her room after hearing Elisa’s reply.The house was exceptionally quiet, but Elisa could not fall asleep. She was eager and impatient to know what Will had found out.…In Benett Residence.It wasn’t just Elisa and Rachel who were still awake.Norman and his family were on the sofa in the study. All of them looked grim.“What should we do? Ten days have passed! Our engagement is coming up soon, but Gareth has not done anything. What should I do? Dad, Mom, can you please give me some advice?”Linda was anxious. She was afraid that her engagement would be called off. After all, he had said such harsh words that day. What should she do?Rose frowned. “You must have misheard that day at the hospital.”Linda roared in frustration. “No! I heard it loud and clear! He wanted to call off the engagement! He does not want to get engaged to me!”Rose shook her head. “Well, even if that’s the case, the Wickam family has not done or said anything. It is only ten days to your engagement party, and nothing odd has happened. If he planned to call off the engagement, he
would have notified us. Our family is not like any other ordinary family. He should give us an explanation if he wants to call off the engagement, shouldn’t he?”Norman nodded. “That’s right. If the Wickam family wanted to call it off, they would come up with something first and let us know beforehand to uphold both families’ reputations. Furthermore, our family business is thriving. Do you know how much he would lose if he gave you up and worked with Darcey Group?”Linda frowned hard. “But…”Rose sighed, “Linda, he no longer trusts you like before. He has probably listened to the whole recording already. So if you manage to be engaged to him, you will be his rightful partner. Then, you can slowly find ways to make him fall in love with you.”
###chapter521
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 521
Linda was speechless upon hearing that.She looked at Rose incredulously as she asked, “Mom, look at how things turned out. Do you still think we can get married?”Norman frowned. “Silly girl, what are you thinking? I already made it clear that if they wanted to dissolve the engagement, they wouldn’t decide last minute; it isn’t how they do things.”However, Linda’s frown deepened. “You guys just don’t believe me, do you? I truly feel that way!”At times, my sense of ominous premonition is very accurate! Gareth is acting very peculiar!Rose’s brows furrowed together. “Alright. I’ll speak to Monica to see if anything’s up.”Linda nodded profusely. “Yes, you should ask about it, Mom. Otherwise, I will keep worrying about it. These days, it’s always his assistant who picks up my calls, and he is constantly busy. I don’t even have the opportunity to speak to him alone. If this carries on, we…”Her voice trailed off. She was worried about her speculations becoming a reality.“Okay, okay. You should stay calm. Look at how you are behaving right now! You don’t seem to be the daughter I brought up,” Rose said with contempt, leaving Linda momentarily stunned.“Mom, you–” She was on the verge of crying. To begin with, she had been somewhat agitated that day. Yet, her parents didn’t even seem to care about her, making her unable to hold it in anymore. Tears streamed down her face in the next second. “Why don’t you believe me? Do you know how much I’ve suffered? Am I really your daughter?” “Oh, sweetheart!” Upon seeing his daughter crying, Norman felt sorry for her. He immediately walked to her and wiped the tears off her face. “You have always been our baby. How could you say that? I’ve already explained this to you – if they dare to dissolve the engagement, I will terminate our business deals. The Wickam family values our business a lot. How would they fix the situation after that?”Linda’s expression changed after hearing that. “This…”Norman wiped her tears again before saying gently, “If they really dare to do that, I will terminate everything with them. Let’s see what they’ll do next!”Linda heaved a sigh of relief. After all, she knew how important their family business was.In that case… it seems that there won’t be any problems.Rose also interjected exasperatedly, “Look at you. I don’t even feel like giving you any further advice. You should keep your cool. Remember that you are an elegant lady about to be Mrs. Wickam.”She felt sorry for Linda, so she just tried to calm her down.Linda nodded
quietly.The next day, Rose did as she promised – she called Monica, but no one answered.What is going on?Linda’s heart sank. “Why didn’t she pick up? Is she avoiding you? Mom, they are going to cancel the engagement, aren’t they?”
###chapter522
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 522
Rose frowned. “How could this be possible? She must be busy. Perhaps she’s in the bathroom.”Linda’s expression changed. “Call her again!”“She’ll reply when she sees my missed call. What would we come across as if we kept calling her? Remember what I told you yesterday – keep your cool!” Rose reminded wearily, making Linda speechless upon hearing that.Look at the situation now! How can I keep my cool?She sat back on the couch exasperatedly and started doom-scrolling on social media.Fifteen minutes later, there was still no reply.“Shouldn’t you call her again?”“Let’s keep waiting.” Rose’s face darkened as she finally felt that something was off.Nevertheless, she tried to convince herself that Monica might actually be busy, so she decided to wait a bit longer.An hour later, there was no reply to be seen. Finally, even Rose started fidgeting.“Call her again, Mom!”With her brows locked tightly together, she picked up her phone and called Monica again.The situation remained the same – no one picked up.Linda blanched. “We’re doomed. Completely doomed,” she repeated.A severe expression flitted across Rose’s face. “I’ll try calling her assistant.”This time around, the call was picked up in no time.“Mrs. Benett, is there anything I can help you with?”With a smile, Rose replied amicably, “I would just like to ask about Monica’s schedule today. What will she be up to?”The assistant paused for a moment before replying with a laugh. “I have no clue. Why don’t you give her a call? I’m running errands for Mrs. Wickam elsewhere, so I’m not in town.” Rose’s brows were interlocked tightly as she felt the assistant’s hesitance.Something’s definitely fishy!Regardless, she was not in a position to comment on that. “Alright then. I’ll call her myself. See you around,” she said with a perfunctory smile.“Sure, Mrs. Benett.”As soon as Rose hung up, Linda spoke weakly with a pale face. “Mom… are we doomed?”Frowning, Rose said firmly, “No.”“What should we do now? What should we do?” Linda asked frantically.Rose immediately made a decision. “Let’s go to Wickam Residence.”Linda followed her footsteps without any hesitation. Both of them got into the car and headed to Wickam Residence.Along the way, they discussed what they should do when they arrived.However, Rose was not as composed as she was before. After all, something was definitely off, seeing how Monica hadn’t replied until now.Right after they arrived at Wickam Residence, her phone suddenly rang.The pair of
mother and daughter looked at the phone, surprised to find it was from Monica.Linda quickly said, “Pick up the call and tell her we are here now!”Rose ignored her suggestion and picked up the call with a smile, “Hi, Monica.”“Hey, Mrs. Benett. Sorry about the delay – I was playing tennis with my friends, so I wasn’t paying attention to my phone. What’s up?”As soon as Rose heard the way Monica addressed her, she froze.We have always been on a first-name basis. Why is she being so distant?Trying to convince herself that she was just overthinking things, Rose asked, “You’re playing tennis? Are you at home now? I just arrived at your place with Linda.”In the past, Monica had taken a liking to Linda, treating her as her own daughter.
###chapter523
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 523
Monica seemed regrettable when she replied, “It’s quite bad timing, then. Are you guys there now? I’m not home at the moment.”Rose paused for a moment before she replied, “I see. Then we–”She was about to say, ‘we will visit you another time,’ but Linda cut her off.“Mrs. Wickam, I’m Linda.”As the call was put on speaker, it was not weird for Linda to interject.“Oh, hey there, Linda,” Monica replied kindly, without any hint that something was wrong. “Unfortunately, I’m not home. What brought you guys here today? Perhaps you can visit again.”Linda’s expression changed upon hearing that. Initially, she wanted to tell her they could wait for her to return.But…She has already made her intentions clear that she wants us to leave. What else can we do?Linda shot a panicked look at Rose, asking her to think of an idea.Rose took a deep breath before saying, “I see. Well, I guess we have no choice but to visit again. Have fun, Monica!”“Thanks. Let’s meet another day.”Though Monica was polite, they could feel the thick rejection in her tone.“Alright,” Rose replied.“See you later, Mrs. Wickam.” Linda tried to sound sweet.“Of course. Goodbye!” With a smile, Monica hung up.Immediately after that, Linda grabbed Rose’s hand. “Mom, something is definitely off with her!”Rose’s face darkened, and she remained silent.Upon seeing the situation now, she was not as confident as before. “But–”Linda did not want to give up, but as soon as she said the word, Rose immediately looked at her in displease.“What are you going to do? We are clearly not welcomed. Do you want to barge into her home to wait for her?”“I…” she spluttered, not knowing how to continue.Nevertheless, it didn’t change the fact that she felt bitter and incredulous about the situation.“Let’s go home.”With that, they went back.…Meanwhile, in Wickam Residence, Monica shot a conflicted look and frowned at Gareth. “I did as you said, but do you know the consequences of doing this to Linda? How could you let her down like this? She is–”“My life- saver?” Gareth replied disdainfully.Monica’s eyelashes fluttered. “What do you mean?”Gareth replied coolly with sarcasm in his eyes, “I will never marry her. You guys should stop wasting your energy on this matter.”“You– It was agreed by both families! What the hell are you doing now?”Monica thought highly of their union, but Gareth simply refused to listen to her.Moments ago, he had stopped her when she was about to pick up the phone.He only allowed her to return the call after a long time. However,
he still forbade them to meet.Prior to that, they had gotten the news of Rose and Linda’s arrival from the butler. That was the main reason Gareth let her return the call. Otherwise, they might have barged in.“You rascal! What are you trying to do?” When the pair of mother and son reached a standstill in their argument, an angry voice rang upstairs.
###chapter524
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 524
As soon as Monica saw Darren, she heaved a sigh of relief.Gareth might not listen to his mother, but he might give in to his grandfather.Unexpectedly, it was not the case this time.In a firm and calm voice, Gareth insisted, “I will not marry her.”Darren glared at him furiously. “W-We have already agreed upon that! Are you going against our agreement?”“That’s right.” Gareth looked at his grandfather icily. “I will not marry a liar.”“You– What liar?” He gritted his teeth. “You brat! Do you know that if you don’t marry her, our collaboration with Benett Corporation–”At this point, Gareth cut off the rest of his sentence. “They are not the only people we can work with, you know.”Darren eyed Gareth shrewdly. “What do you mean?”He supported the marriage mainly due to Benett Corporation’s expertise.It was apparent to him that Gareth was hinting at something; even Monica turned to look at her son.The main reason she liked Linda was because of her family background. On top of that, she was not a massive fan of Elisa. To her, Linda was a lot smarter than Elisa.However, if they could find an alternative, even Linda was not good enough for Gareth.Gareth explained calmly, “I have already started our own wood industry.”Both Darren and Monica were surprised to hear that. “You?”There was no change in Gareth’s icy expression at all. In fact, the iciness was also apparent in his tone. “Benett Corporation takes a lot of commission. Since we are no worse than them, it’s better to handle it ourselves.” Darren frowned deeply. “Show me!”…Elisa and Rachel stayed home for an entire day. Elisa felt bored since she had not gone out in days.She looked at Rachel exasperatedly. “I’m not as weak as you think. We can totally take a walk outside.”“You need at least a hundred days to completely recover from sprains, let alone breaking your ribs! What are you thinking? You can’t do that. When you’ve fully recovered, we can take as many walks as you want.”Elisa was amused to see her friend’s reaction, but she was also touched by Rachel’s care for her.I’m so lucky to have a friend like her! Perhaps my good luck with my friends makes up for my bad luck with my family.“Alright, alright. I’ll listen to you,” she replied helplessly.Rachel heaved a sigh of relief. To be honest, she was also pretty bored, but she knew they couldn’t go out because of Elisa’s injuries.“It isn’t that boring after all. We can chat about work and watch some movies at home. There are so many things we can do together!”Elisa nodded in agreement.“Yeah, you are
right.”Though she was grateful to Rachel, she didn’t say it out loud. Some friends might be uncomfortable with that, and Rachel was such a friend.While they were joking with each other, the doorbell rang.Rachel looked at Elisa in surprise. “Are you expecting a visitor?”She assumed that Elisa was notified of the visit. However, after seeing Elisa getting up with a shake of her head, she quickly said, “Don’t move. I’ll take a look first.”Elisa nodded without any other comments.When Rachel looked through the peephole, she finally realized who the visitor was.
###chapter525
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 525
Rachel turned to Elisa in surprise.“What is your cousin doing here? Did Linda give you a call before this?” she asked softly.Elisa frowned and shook her head.There was a look of disapproval on Rachel’s face as she asked darkly, “What should we do? Should we let her in?”The sarcasm was apparent in Elisa’s smile.“Let her in. Since she dares to show up here, it means she has nothing to be afraid of. I believe she doesn’t dare to hurt me. Let’s see what she has up her sleeves.”Though Rachel looked worried and conflicted, she opened the door regardless upon seeing the determination on Elisa’s face.Linda marched through the door, but when she saw Rachel, she froze.“What are you doing here?”“Why can’t I be here? It is none of your business!” Rachel retaliated.She thoroughly despised Linda at that moment; such a reply was already considered polite.Upon receiving such a rude reply, Linda said furiously, “You–”Before she could finish her sentence, Elisa interjected, “What’s up?”Distracted by Elisa, Linda walked toward her, losing control of her rage with every step she took.“Elisa, what do you want? When will you stop? Haven’t you caused enough harm for me?” she screeched miserably. Rachel did not approve of such accusations at all. She walked over instantly and stood in front of Elisa. Staring fixedly into Linda’s eyes, she retorted viciously, “What do you mean, Linda? Who is the one causing harm? Let’s clear things up today! How much more are you going to make Elisa suffer? She has already broken a rib – what else do you want? Do you really want her dead?”Linda’s expression immediately changed. “What nonsense are you talking about? What has that to do with me?”Elisa let out a derisive snort.“Rachel, it’s meaningless to argue with her.”Rachel frowned, but she didn’t disagree with her.On the other hand, Linda was enraged upon hearing that.She started walking toward Elisa again, but Rachel stepped forward and shoved her, making her stagger backward.“What are you doing? Are you going to kill us yourself since the car crash didn’t do its job? With me here, don’t even think of touching Elisa! Over my dead body!” Rachel roared fiercely.“Rachel!” Linda thundered.Rachel snorted coldly and scratched her ears irately. “I’m not deaf; I can hear you perfectly. Are you trying to make everyone in the vicinity hear you? How funny! Aren’t you worried that I might take a recording of how ferocious you are? Your elegant facade will be completely ruined by
then.”Linda’s chest heaved angrily. She was here to settle scores with Elisa, and it wasn’t in her plans to involve another person.Then, she took a deep breath to regain control of herself. Looking at Elisa, she said darkly, “This is between us. I hope you can ask your friend to give us some space.”
###chapter526
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 526
Rachel snorted sarcastically. “Elisa and I are together – I’m not an outsider! In fact, I’m much closer to her than a cousin like you, who took advantage of her back then. In the end, you are even trying to take her property away in the name of testing her with such a challenge. Are you not letting her quit so you can enjoy her downfall as you take away her belongings? I’ve never seen anyone as thick-skinned as you and your family!”“You!”Linda used to be treated with respect; no one dared to take such a tone with her over the years. It was entirely out of her expectations that Rachel would say something like that.After all, even if they disliked each other silently when they met each other in the past, they never had such a full-blown argument.What is going on with Rachel today?“Rachel.”Elisa pulled her backward, not wanting to involve her in this. Knowing that Linda and her family were ruthless, she didn’t want Rachel to be harmed.However, Rachel did not even care about that. She shot a look at Linda again and said, “What? I’m telling the truth! Don’t you think that you are thick-skinned? You seduced Elisa’s husband! Since you guys are getting married soon, you better be happy with him. A jerk like him is compatible with a b*tch like you.”“Rachel Markee!”Linda was so enraged that she couldn’t even think of a reply.She was so overcome by fury that she could only think of killing Rachel.Damn it! Elisa deserves to die, as well as Rachel! I will make these two b*tches die in a car crash! When Elisa saw Linda’s blood-red eyes filled with vengeance, she quickly grabbed Rachel’s hand tightly. “Shush, Rachel. Go back to your room. I believe she won’t dare to do anything to me.”“No! I shan’t let her touch you! You are not fully recovered yet,” Rachel rejected without a second thought.“With my skills, what are you afraid of? Trust me.” With that, she looked at Rachel firmly.Even so, Rachel had no intention of leaving her with Linda. “No, I won’t leave you. I know everything that happened between you guys. Just spit it out, Linda. I’m not an outsider here. So long as you don’t hurt Elisa, I won’t do anything to you.”Linda gritted her teeth. So much fury was built up within her that she felt on the verge of exploding.Taking another deep breath, she thought, Calm down! Calm down!Finally, the protruding veins on her forehead slowly disappeared. She looked at Elisa darkly before asking, “Elisa, I only have one question for you – since you don’t like Gareth, why do you keep pestering him?
Are you planning to be his mistress?”Elisa snorted out laughing. “Ah, this is the reason you came here furiously.”Linda’s eyes widened with fury. How could she be so nonchalant about this? Right, it has nothing to do with her at all. I’m suffering here; of course, she is happy about it! How could she survive the car crash? What were the drivers doing?Rachel also smiled. “How interesting. Elisa announced that she wanted a divorce in front of everyone, and the official papers were already signed. On top of that, Mr. Darcey is so sweet to her. Why would she go back to Gareth?”
###chapter527
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 527
Elisa smiled at Linda. “I’ve never thought of getting back with Gareth. You can rest assure about that.”Rachel also let out a snort. “That’s right, so you should focus on Gareth. Linda, could it be that you can’t keep up your pure and innocent image now that you have been exposed? Else, why would Mr. Wickam keep pestering Elisa?”Elisa was speechless upon hearing that. Clearly, Rachel is saying that just to spite Linda.“It’s enough, Rachel. Alright?”Upon hearing Elisa’s emphasis, Rachel pouted unhappily. “I can’t help myself!”It’s such an excellent chance to insult Linda. Of course, I will take the opportunity happily! Linda has done so much harm to Elisa, and now she even came here to wreak havoc at Elisa’s place. I can’t sit still watching that happen!Linda clenched her fists tightly with reddened eyes. She was so overcome by rage that she almost looked like a maniac.She took another deep breath to keep herself in control.“Elisa, just tell me when you will leave Gareth for good. Are you really disillusioned by him?” Linda tried to appear meek but couldn’t help raising her voice toward the end.“I already told you that I am not interested in him anymore,” Elisa replied with a smile.“If that’s the case, why do you keep engaging with him? Since you don’t like him anymore, why did you let him get closer to you?”Elisa laughed softly as though they were talking about something amusing.Rachel looked at her in confusion. How is Elisa so calm? She regarded Linda as her sister in the past. Shouldn’t she be furious about how things turned out today? Linda and her family repaid her kindness with betrayal and hurt. God knows how many immoral things they have done! Yet, Elisa is still so composed! Alas, I can never have her composure. Linda frowned. “What are you laughing about?”Elisa’s smile widened. A moment later, she slowly explained, “There might be some misunderstandings in the past, but weren’t you the cause of our grudges after that?”Linda’s frown deepened. “What do you mean by that?”Elisa beamed. “I made a proposal back then. If your father had agreed, all these conflicts would never have happened. However, you guys were worried about me taking the spotlight and affecting your status in the company; you blocked me from appearing in public to stop me from working with Darcey Group.”“That was because–”Elisa raised a hand before continuing exasperatedly, “Stop giving the official excuse here, Linda. I am not recording our conversation here,
and I’m not interested in letting the public know about this. I believe you didn’t come just to record our conversation.”In an instant, Linda’s face darkened, but she didn’t utter a word.Rachel was curious about what Elisa would say next. She looked at Elisa as though she was a fan waiting for her celebrity crush to start speaking.Indeed, Elisa did not disappoint Rachel. Her following words made Linda stomp her foot on the ground uncontrollably.The corner of Elisa’s lips twitched upward. “Then, Will disagreed with your proposal, leaving you with two options – to forfeit the collaboration or to use my proposal. You guys panicked; it was a huge project, after all. Surely you couldn’t bring yourself to give it up! Hence, you sought Gareth and showed him the proposal. Though he read it, he still chose mine.”
###chapter528
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 528
“You!” Linda’s chest heaved violently.With a faint trace of a smile, Elisa continued, “He also singled me out, giving you guys a hard time. No matter who it was, they both chose me. If I worked with one of them, the other would be offended. Under such difficult circumstances, you guys thought of another idea, didn’t you?”Linda clenched her fists tightly with the urge to scream loudly, ‘Stop speaking!’Rachel gritted her teeth upon hearing the story. What a story! If they hadn’t taken such advantage of Elisa, she wouldn’t be in such a tragic situation now. I feel so sorry seeing how she has endured the pain lately.Rachel held Elisa’s hand quietly with pain in her eyes.Elisa smiled at Linda again. “You guys came up with such a ruthless plan in the end, but I bet it’s out of your expectations that I would only break a rib. However, Gareth was so worried about me dying. He loves my proposal. He will lose an important business partner and suffer massive losses if I’m not around. Look at how he stayed with me when I was hospitalized! He even visited me regularly. If I didn’t treat him coldly, he would probably visit me every day. Weren’t you the one who caused all this to happen? Sometimes I wonder if I misunderstood your intentions; you kept saying that you are trying to bring us together. Now, it really seems the case.”“Hey!”Linda was enraged. However, Elisa could not help chuckling gently. “Unfortunately, I don’t like Gareth, or we would have gotten back together. Linda, if you continue to make us see each other regularly, aren’t you worried about me falling for him again? After all, he seems to value profit and thinks I’m valuable to him. A marriage of convenience often works to make more money, and I can do that for him.”“Shameless b*tch!” Linda swore.Rachel guffawed loudly upon hearing that. “Hah! Apart from those words, do you have other insults? Since you merely put on an elegant facade, you probably know more swear words than that. I can’t believe you keep repeating the same few words. Should I teach you how to swear, Ms. Benett? Back in school, I learned a lot of cuss words. Perhaps I can use them on you.”“Shut up! Shut your mouth up, Rachel! Don’t force me to hit you!”“Do it! Show me how you would do it! Don’t you know my background? If you dare to do that, my dad will be the first to give your family a hard time – believe it or not!”Linda was speechless upon hearing that.Rachel had a strong family background too.“Alright, Rachel.” Elisa held her hand and
looked at Linda at the same time. “It’s meaningless to come here today, Linda. But you really have to know your place after that recording.”“It’s you! I knew you were behind that, Elisa!”Elisa smiled. “Because of the recording, you are more determined to attack me, aren’t you?”“B*tch! Argh! I’ll kill you!” Linda burst out impulsively due to her rage.Elisa replied with a smile, “You’re welcome to anytime.”What if she recorded this session?
###chapter529
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 529
She had sufficient time to deliver the recording directly to Gareth.Their engagement was about to happen. Wickam Group hadn’t made their move, so she should take this chance to stir the pot.Elisa grinned, “Dearest cousin, do you wish to humiliated?” The woman studied her manicured nails, “I’ll be generous and give you another chance to try me.”“In your dreams, Elisa! It’s time the world sees how much of a laughingstock you truly are!”“The whole world?” Elisa narrowed her eyes, “From what I hear, are you going to let me live this time?”Linda took a deep breath, not wanting to be provoked by this woman again. She bit her cheek to compose herself, “Don’t act daft with me!”She stormed away.Linda initially wanted to reason with Elisa, but it backfired. If I keep this up, I’ll be embarrassing myself.Take a deep breath. Just walk away, Linda. Ugh, this bitch! I’ll have her head one day!‘Boom’The door slammed behind the vexed lady.Rachel looked at her with concern, “Elisa, let’s not waste time! We need to figure this out before that madwoman does something to you!”Elisa smiled, “Don’t worry.”It was accurate to say that this plan needed a firm hand. Unless Linda was compelled to stop, she wouldn’t.Moreover, Rachel had said so many things to provoke Linda. Linda obviously played a role in Rachel’s outburst, but she threatened her kin. Knowing the Markee family, Elisa did not dare to take it lightly.“Rach,” Elisa called. “About Uncle James,” she rubbed her neck. “Why didn’t he work with the Markees but with Benett Corporation instead?” Rachel shrugged, “To be fair, my uncle and dad don’t have the best relationship. Besides, your dad and Mr. Markee were chummy at that time. So, it’s no mystery why he sought after Benett Corporation.”“So, why the question?”Elisa smiled, “It’s nothing. It’s been bugging me lately. Can you go into my room and grab me my laptop?”“You’re working at a time like this?” Rachel frowned in disapproval.Elisa smiled, “Of course not. It wouldn’t be like me if I didn’t record our conversation.”“Hah!” Rachel’s eyes lit up, “Yes! That’s reason enough!”With eager eyes, she swiftly rose and hurried to the bedroom. She pulled out the Mac and gave it to Elisa, “What are you going to do with this recording?” Rachel smiled cheekily, “Put it on social media and spread the word out?”“Not exactly.”“Why?” Sitting beside Elisa, Rachel watched her fiddle with her laptop. She asked in confusion, “Then what?”“It’s about time Linda steps down from being her husband’s favorite.”“Huh?”
Rachel blinked, “So you’re sending Gareth that recording?”“Well, that’s the case for the time being, and it’s not yet fully disclosed,” Elisa chuckled as she typed on the keyboard. She opened the file to play the audio.Elisa turned to look at Rachel, “Hey, do you mind sending a voice note?”“Hah, sure thing. I like exposing b*tches. It’ll be fun ratting her out!”Elisa grinned, “Great.”With a few swipes, she sent an attached file to Gareth’s email address.
###chapter530
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 530
Like a large cat, Rachel stretched lazily on a couch. “I’m so curious about how Gareth would react to that mail,” she commented. “It’s a shame we can’t see his reaction.”The mailer smiled at her accomplice and continued scrolling through her laptop.Rachel looked doubtful, “Elisa, don’t you have a plan?”“This kind of evidence is a game changer. Gareth can’t be the only one to see this.”“Wait, weren’t you just going to send it to Gareth?”Elisa smiled. She shook her head and remained her eye contact with her friend.“It did cross my mind,” Elisa reassured. “But sending the recording to the right people is all we need.”“What do you mean?”“I sent Linda the exact recording I sent to Gareth, including some interesting recordings from the past. If Linda wants these recordings to be kept private, she can’t do anything to the two of us. She’ll get the message.” She cracked her knuckles, “If something happens to the two of us, she’ll be exposed to the public. After all, Linda still needs her precious reputation.”“Hahaha, this is too perfect. Elisa, you clever minx.” Rachel was over the moon over how things were progressing. Her nemesis, whom she had hated for so long, is finally at her mercy.…At that moment, Gareth was busy processing documents in the office. He talked with his old man, and he agreed wholeheartedly.Being able to cancel the engagement, Gareth felt relieved. Work seemed easier now with how things were heading.Moments later, a familiar ding came from his computer, indicating incoming mail. Gareth was confident it was the same anonymous mailer from before. Gareth had requested Thomas’s help in the investigation during that period, but evidence had been covered up.Gareth nonchalantly played the audio and scowled upon hearing Linda’s sharp voice.“Elisa, what do you want? When will you stop? Haven’t you caused enough harm for me?”Gareth was starting to feel repulsed by her shrieking.The man suddenly heard Elisa’s voice in the recording. He increased the volume.The recording was rather long. Gareth appeared to be losing patience gradually, but his attention peaked over Linda’s question.“Elisa, just tell me when you will leave Gareth for good. Are you really disillusioned by him?”Gareth grew tense.He heard Elisa chuckle in the audio.“I already told you that I am not interested in him anymore.”The man’s heart sank. Overwhelming emotions began to surge in him.“If that’s the case, why do you keep engaging with him? Since you don’t like him anymore,
why did you let him get closer to you?”Gareth inhaled sharply.“There might be some misunderstandings in the past, but weren’t you the cause of our grudges after that?”“I made a proposal back then. If your father had agreed, all these conflicts would never have happened. However, you guys were worried about me taking the spotlight and affecting your status in the company; you blocked me from appearing in public to stop me from working with Darcey Group.”“Stop giving the official excuse here, Linda. I am not recording our conversation here, and I’m not interested in letting the public know about this. I believe you didn’t come just to record our conversation.”Gareth sneered. This recording?
###chapter531
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 531
Even so, Elisa was not one to be disputed. There was always something to back up her actions.“Then, Will disagreed with your proposal, leaving you with two options – to forfeit the collaboration or to use my proposal. You guys panicked; it was a huge project, after all. Surely you couldn’t bring yourself to give it up! Hence, you sought Gareth and showed him the proposal. Though he read it, he still chose mine.”“He also singled me out, giving you guys a hard time. No matter who it was, they both chose me. If I worked with one of them, the other would be offended. Under such difficult circumstances, you guys thought of another idea, didn’t you?”Another idea…Rage boiled in him.The audacity of this woman!After hearing what Elisa stated, he was even more certain that Linda had something to do with that incident.And Linda said absolutely nothing in opposition. Funny… He was extremely disappointed; perhaps he had mistakenly trusted Linda in the past.Linda could have been acting through the entire thing.“You guys came up with such a ruthless plan in the end, but I bet it’s out of your expectations that I would only break a rib. However, Gareth was so worried about me dying. He loves my proposal. He will lose an important business partner and suffer massive losses if I’m not around. Look at how he stayed with me when I was hospitalized! He even visited me regularly. If I didn’t treat him coldly, he would probably visit me every day. Weren’t you the one who caused all this to happen? Sometimes I wonder if I misunderstood your intentions; you kept saying that you are trying to bring us together. Now, it really seems the case.” “Unfortunately, I don’t like Gareth, or we would have gotten back together. Linda, if you continue to make us see each other regularly, aren’t you worried about me falling for him again? After all, he seems to value profit and thinks I’m valuable to him. A marriage of convenience often works to make more money, and I can do that for him.”We will never get back together.Gareth laughed coldly.She’s self-aware.How could I get back together with such a conniving woman?Rage finally pushed him over the edge.‘Boom’The man slammed his hands onto the table.“B*tch! Argh! I’ll kill you!”That was the end of the recording.Gareth stopped the recording as his eyes darkened. Nobody was around to witness the violence.In the end, Elisa was the one who drove him mad. Not Linda, Elisa.It took a lot of strength to suppress his urge to find Elisa and confront her.Gareth finally found his
composure.Damn it.Elisa. Is she even worth it at this point?Gareth massaged his temple and leaned against the leathered chair. He needed to cool off.
###chapter532
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 532
At the same time, Linda was in a car with her chauffeur. She looked stared absent-mindedly at the towering skyscrapers. A phone notification caused her to return her attention to the present. Her demeanor changed when she noticed a notification of an email with audio recording files within.She practically yanked her earphones out of her Chanel bag and plugged them into the device. To her anguish, it was the recording of her prior conversation with Elisa.You two-faced b*tch! You swore there was no recording!Why did I trust that a**hole?I’m going to kill her!She was more angered after reading the message that came with it.The passage was written very clearly.‘Fear for your reputation if you attempt to attack the two of us again. The entire world will be made aware of your hypocrisy. Your name will be tarnished.’Linda cried in rage.The driver, startled, applied the brakes and looked in the rearview mirror at his passenger. The woman in the backseat sported a furious look.“Miss Linda. What’s the matter?”Linda collected herself, inhaled deeply, leaned back against the chair, and shut her eyes.“I’m fine,” she admitted in exhaustion. “You keep driving.”The driver didn’t dare to say anything. He nodded and continued his driving.Linda couldn’t even tell her parents about this when she got home. I would be handing my ass in humiliation.Her mother had pleaded with her to exercise common sense and avoid mishaps, but she refused to do so and confronted Elisa. Even yet, she wished for reconciliation with Elisa. Looking back, Linda could only think that she was foolish to have done such a thing. I’m such a moron! …For Elisa, everything appeared to be peaceful for three days in succession.Norman Benett and Rose Meek both intended to halt as a result of Elisa’s episode. Linda was forced into a stalemate, so naturally, they were undisturbed for now.Every day, Linda fretted and checked her social media accounts to see whether there were any signs of leaked recordings. When there were none, she could let out a sigh of relief. This occurred daily and soon became a dreaded daily routine for her. What would my Garry do?Did Elisa send the recording to Garry?She must have! That petty b*tch!The three of them were seated on the living room sofa in the evening, having just concluded dinner.Originally it was just to rest after eating, but Norman’s cell phone suddenly rang. The anxious mother and daughter looked one after another. Intuitively, they knew who was on the other
line.Norman absent-mindedly checked his phone. “Wait, why is Old Mr. Wickam calling me?”The two of them don’t typically interact. Therefore Darren was not required to step forward to talk business. Why is he calling?In an instant, Linda drew a big breath; worry and fear filled her features.This is it.Rose was less agitated than Linda; she was able to compose herself. “Answer the phone and find out his intentions,” she said, casting a little scowl.Norman sighed and nodded. He picked up the phone, “Evening, Old Mr. Wickam. What’s the matter? Do you wish to request something from me?”
###chapter533
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 533
Darren smiled and said freely, “Norman, tomorrow’s a Sunday, and we’re all free. Why don’t our families come together for lunch?”Norman was a little surprised but responded civilly.“Okay, I’ll have that scheduled.”Darren said with a satisfied smile, “All right. It’s compulsory that all members of the family attend.”While Norman cooperated, he couldn’t help but feel a bit distressed. He answered courteously despite constantly feeling like something was off. They exchanged a few pleasantries before getting off the phone.Norman frowned, “I have a bad taste in my mouth. Why does he sound off?”Linda’s face turned pale, “They…are they going to break off the engagement?”Norman’s face darkened, and her mother frowned.Linda mumbled, “It’s over… It’s over…”Norman said with a sullen face, “Why are you panicking? The Wickam family needs the Benett family. They have always pushed for marriage, so we have nothing to be afraid of.”“I…”“Look, you don’t have to worry about it. We will find out their intentions tomorrow,” Norman sighed. “Don’t worry. If they dare to bring up the matter of canceling the marriage, I’ll threaten to terminate our partnership. They have a lot at stake!”Norman’s words were firm, which made Linda feel more at ease.Although Wickam Group was rich, the Benetts were their biggest stakeholder. Having them out of the picture would be a terrible move. Linda still had an intact trust in Gareth.With that in mind, she wasn’t as worried as before.For a time, the family conversed, planning how to go about tomorrow. The Benett family would have to be resilient tomorrow.That night, none of them slept well.They knew even with a game plan, the Wickams were unpredictable.Being notoriously unyielding, it was difficult to influence their choices.It would be pointless to try to convince them.In the worst-case scenario, if they played their cards right, they could have the Wickams give in to their demands to put off the engagement. Although it seems unlikely, yet…?Everyone was anxious over the matter.…The night was long for a selected few.Soon the hour approached.Today, the lunch could be regarded as an impromptu gathering.The Benett family. Three in total.The Wickams, a family of five.Everyone was present. Julia was quite happy with the attendance. Her concerns from the previous several days dissipated when she learned that the engagement might be canceled.They appeared to accept things to some extent.In the past, what she couldn’t accept the
most was the divorce of Gareth and Elisa. What would happen if her two precious grandchildren divorced.But…Later, after being played by these people, Gareth not only wanted a divorce but also got engaged to a woman she didn’t like, which made her feel even more uncomfortable. Until now… She found the situation a little unacceptable, and even felt a little broken.
###chapter534
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 534
But now that she was aware that Gareth wouldn’t propose to Linda, she felt that everything was well and whole.Having experienced the worst outcomes, there was a sort of gratitude for how things turned out.There were nine people seated at the dining table.Linda and Gareth used to sit together because Darren and the others would organize it, but now they were thousands of miles away. Simply put, they were beyond reach.Linda was uneasy and terrified because Gareth had a brutally icy demeanor the entire time, and he hardly even gave her a glance.However, she was at a loss for what to do and was powerless. Her heart was filled with a growing sense of unease.Norman inhaled a little, grinned as he glanced at Darren, and continued, “Why did you want to eat with us today, Old Mr. Wickam? Do you wish to discuss the two children’s engagement more?”Norman made a direct statement.Linda’s heart began to shake quickly, and her terror increased. The threat she feared the most was approaching!Her eyes were filled with terror as she hurriedly grabbed Rose’s hand underneath the table.Rose quickly clasp her hand and gave her two firm squeezes while reassuring her not to make a mistake.Darren’s smile froze at the corner of his mouth, but the next instant, he grinned and nodded. “Yes, I invited you over for lunch so I could talk to you about that; after all, the date we agreed on is rapidly approaching. The closer it gets and the longer it goes, the less important it will be.” Linda drew on as her eyelids quivered slightly, and she turned to face Gareth. What exactly do those terms mean?Rose and Norman were both shrewd individuals; how could they fail to recognize that something was amiss?Nothing was going easily, in addition to everything else that occurred. They were sure that the Wickam family had heard the recording.Rose and Norman remained silent, and Linda simply stayed silent out of a worry that she might lose her cool if she spoke.Norman continued speaking gently after a pause, “What are you going to do then, Old Mr. Wickam? We’ll cooperate.”What ought to happen would still happen, but he must continue to act as though he was unaware of it.What if it was only a false notion?Be optimistic.Gareth remained silent and appeared composed.Julia had a grin on her face. Although she appeared courteous and respectable, she was actually quite pleased.Darren should also tidy up the mess he made. Who was it who screamed the loudest?Jerry and Monica remained silent, putting
Darren in charge of today’s affairs.Darren looked at his family members sadly, smiled at Norman and said, “It would be even better if Mr. Benett would cooperate.”Norman could not comprehend what Darren was saying.The more this old man talked, the more he didn’t feel right.Linda felt that her heart was about to jump out. She raised her eyes slightly and smiled a little forcedly, “Grandpa, why would you say that?”Darren’s eyes flickered with humiliation.Linda was confused by his reaction.
###chapter535
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 535
He opened the meal with a confrontation even though the food had not yet been served.Rose had a somewhat nervous appearance. They wouldn’t be much smarter than idiots if they did not understand what was going on, so Norman hid his smile.Monica seemed uncomfortable looking at them and avoided eye contact.Jerry believed that it would be simpler if they were made aware of it.Gareth coughed for attention, “This… is just self-preservation. Do you understand?”The Benetts were dumbfounded.Understand?What did they need to comprehend? The three of them followed a rather predictable pattern while staring at him in confusion.Darren was speechless.Why are they still acting foolish when there is nothing left to do but fight till the end? Not to mention, wouldn’t it be good to save some dignity and face?Darren spoke once more to save everyone’s face. “Everyone is aware of the engagement’s events at this time, so I won’t go into detail. This will be our last meal…, a farewell, due to recent events.”A fool could understand the intent behind that statement.Norman’s family each expressed a grave expression.Monica gave a remorseful smile but remained silent. Rose was not satisfied, “What do you mean by that, Old Mr. Wickam? We’ve already sent out the invites for the engagement, but now you’re saying the relationship is over? This doesn’t reflect a good public image for both families! Furthermore, are you abandoning your responsibility toward our child?”Rose was unable to accept the circumstances presented.Linda cried, “Garry, is this true?”Gareth remained stoic. If he hadn’t heard the last recording Elisa had given him, there might still be room for discussion. But listening to that recording, he had completely lost patience with Linda.Therefore, he did not even glance at Linda or utter a word.Linda became even more frantic.She glanced at Monica. “Auntie, didn’t you say I was your favorite? Do you believe we have to go this far? There were others who interfered with our relationship. It isn’t what it looks like.”Linda frantically tried to convince the Wickam family, but to no avail.Only two Wickam family members were in favor of her being married to Gareth, but one of them had since volunteered to call off the engagement, while the other was avoiding conversing with her.Mnica sighed helplessly, “It has come to that.”So, it’s official. The engagement is off!
###chapter536
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 536
Linda couldn’t believe her ears.All hope she held was gone. She lost all trust in Gareth.It was set in stone.Her worst fears were confirmed.She’s now considered a joke.“Auntie, why?” She cried, “Why do you want to do this? Do you believe those traitors? I certainly don’t!”At this point, Linda wouldn’t dare to rant and rave. She could only twist the truth in her favor. She did not know what she was denying, but she did not care.Darren sighed and then said seriously, “This is the way things are. After all, we proposed the termination. If you have are dissatisfied, you can speak up, and we will compensate you.”“Compensation?” Norman seemed annoyed, “Although the Benetts aren’t as famous in the circle as the Wickam family, we are still well-known. How will you make up for abandoning my daughter?”Rose couldn’t help but question, “I just want to understand why you proposed to dissolve the engagement?”Linda kept her focus on Gareth. Her tears were streaming out of her eyes uncontrollably.She winced from the inevitable question.Gareth remained his uncaring glare.“You are all aware of the recording. I had an evaluation performed, and it was not faked.” Gareth finally spoke.Linda was shocked by what he said.Immediately, her face became pale.“So someone really played us! Gareth, don’t trust it! We’ve been sabotaged!” Gareth sneered, “Sabotaged?” Who is the villain exactly?”Linda did not know how to reply to him.She widened her eyes and looked at Gareth in disbelief, “Garry, you, how could you accuse me like that?”Rose’s face darkened, “What do you mean by that, Gareth? She tried to save your life back then, even though she nearly died. How could you? Is this how you repay your savior?!”Instead of being angry, Gareth grinned. “If I don’t continue to investigate this matter and take your word for it, would you swear by that statement?”Rose paused.Linda went quiet.They panicked.How has it come to this?He couldn’t possibly know. “What do you mean by that? My daughter saved your life.”Linda became anxious.No, they couldn’t deal with this issue any longer!Otherwise, she greatly feared that Gareth would learn the truth. They wouldn’t be able to obtain anything worthwhile if he pursued it.She, most importantly, didn’t want Gareth to be aware of those things.As tears streamed down her cheeks, she swiftly seized Rose’s hand. “Don’t, Mom. It was my own vocation to save Garry. I’m to blame. I’m not up to par.”Monica scowled. Would she be open to
hearing what Linda’s family had to say about her son despite her previous optimism toward them?She spoke sourly, “You should be aware of what occurred to the tape. Do you want us to disclose the recording? Mr. Benett, there are certain things we didn’t tear apart just to make a place for your family.”
###chapter537
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 537
The expressions of Norman and the people around him changed. They knew the other party wouldn’t rest until they dissolved the engagement.“If you wanted to cancel the engagement, you should’ve said so. Why did you have to go around it so high and mightily?” Norman scoffed.Gareth glanced at him coldly, but Norman was avoiding his gaze. So, he turned to Darren and announced deeply, “Since Old Mr. Wickam has made up his mind, I can say that it was not meant to be. Since we’re canceling our engagement, we should also stop all our collaborating projects!”His words carried no room for argument.Rose seemed to get encouragement from his words; she straightened herself up. The Wickam family was powerful, but the collaboration was important, too. She did not believe they would let go of such a good opportunity. She was sure that they would come begging soon after. She would like to see if they would still be as stubborn then.As for Linda…She was panicking at the moment. She thought Gareth was powerless and did not prioritize the collaboration between their families.As she was lost in those thoughts, Darren suddenly shook his head in regret and asked her husband, “Norman, must you go that far?”Norman felt he could benefit from this interaction. He puffed out his chest and said confidently, “Old Mr. Wickam, do you think we are going too far? It was you who wanted to cancel the engagement and make our daughter a laughingstock to the world. I would rather do this than be slaves to your money.”He leaned back casually as though waiting for Gareth to light his cigarette. Rose sat quietly and supportively beside Norman. They knew that even if other people did not have the power to negotiate with the Wickam family, they did because the Benett family was the Wickam family’s most essential partner.But…They were too na?ve…Darren heaved a seemingly exasperated sigh, “If that is your decision, we will respect it. I will send someone to Benett Corporation tomorrow to sign the papers. I will pay the severance fee according to the contract.”Norman and Rose’s expressions immediately changed!Is he being serious? Didn’t he say that to make them take a step back?Norman scrunched his brows together and asked, “Are you sure, Old Mr. Wickam?”Darren sighed again, “I’m sure. Since you do not want to collaborate anymore, I won’t force you. I will not leave you hanging, though. Treat the severance pay as a means of compensation.”The amount in the
severance pay might be a large sum to a typical bystander, but to Wickam Group, it was pocket change. Besides, they benefit more from working within themselves than in collaborations. Darren didn’t think that he would gain so much today. He had come intending to dissolve the engagement, yet there was more news to celebrate. If the Benett family knew of his true intentions, they would probably be p*ssed off.The nerves in Norman’s face were twitching. He was so shocked he couldn’t even say a word. All his stubbornness from before had evaporated in an instant. Even Rose was feeling defeated. She had told Linda to stay steadfast, but… now she couldn’t even stand straight.The atmosphere grew solemn, and the Benett family stayed quiet. It was at this time the waiters brought the dishes to the table.Darren took up his cutleries and said happily, “Let’s eat.”Linda was full of questions.
###chapter538
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 538
How is anyone supposed to eat in this situation?The waiters left after serving the food and closed the door.Darren looked calm as he addressed the table, “Let’s eat first. We can only leave after finishing everything on the table.”Norman was dumbfounded.No one can eat under this circumstance!Their words had been full of ill intent, and they had even threatened him. Norman couldn’t say anything now! How could he go back on his words? In any other situation, the person wanting to breach the contract would have to pay the severance fee, but since Darren said that he would pay that fee, all his roads were now blocked.The Wickam family! They’re playing us!Norman did not want to participate in this dinner. He couldn’t stand putting down his pride. His daughter’s been abandoned, and they would soon be the laughingstock of the whole world. How could he sit here and have a meal with him courteously? Norman inhaled and tried to control his emotions. He gritted his teeth as he spat, “Old Mr. Wickam, don’t you think you’re overdoing it?”Darren fixed his eyes on him and said somewhat impatiently, “Norman, why do you say that? I’ve listened to your request and even offered to pay the severance fee as compensation. Yet, you say I’m overdoing it?”The veins in Norman’s neck bulged as his face became red. He simmered in anger before blurting out, “You came with those intentions!”Jerry snickered, “Mr. Benett, these two children have never been suited for each other. They do not have any feelings for each other. They started their relationship because of guilt, but now the guilt has been resolved. Do you think this marriage can hold on?” “You… You all…!” Norman trembled in anger. He never pictured Jerry as a wolf in sheep’s skin. He was so blatant with his words. This could only mean that they were determined to dissolve this engagement!Tears fell from Linda’s eyes. She did not care about anything else; she turned to look at Gareth’s icy expression.“Garry, do you… do you really not want me anymore?”The sides of Gareth’s mouth tilted up, and his eyes were filled with mockery. His indifference showed how shameful Linda was to ask this question.‘Crack!’It was as though one could hear Linda’s heart breaking into pieces. There was only panic in her eyes. She shook her head in denial, “Why… Why are you doing this to me…”Her eyes were filled with sorrow, but Gareth was immune to it. He stood up and said, “I’ve got things to attend to. Enjoy the food.”He left right after
that.“Garry!!” Linda called out in a hoarse voice. She stood up and followed after him.“Linda!”Norman was worried, but he could not leave. Rose furrowed her brows but stayed unmoving in her seat.… Linda’s tears continued to fall while she chased after Gareth.“Garry, please don’t go. I beg you…” She reached her hand to hold him, but he quickly evaded her approach. The despise in his eyes was evident.“Linda Benett, I’m trying to be nice to you. Do not push my buttons.”‘Crash!’Linda felt her whole world falling apart.
###chapter539
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 539
It took a long while for her to regain her senses. By the time she did, Gareth was already far away from her.“Garry…” She cried as she hurried to him, but the cold air he emitted caused her to tremble and stop in her steps. She pushed past those thoughts and ran past him.She stopped before him and said, “Why can’t you believe me? Garry, I did not do anything!”“This is your last chance. Get out of my way.”Gareth stopped and looked at the person in front of him. It sent chills down Linda’s spine and icicles straight to her heart when he spoke.Linda sucked in a breath; tears continued to splatter to the ground.Gareth would have pitied me before. I could even make him pity me with my acting. But now, he’s unmoving in his thoughts.At this moment, Linda felt faint, and her brain couldn’t comprehend the situation. The man was walking away from her. She wanted to turn around to look at him, but her body wasn’t cooperating with her wishes. Her body suddenly felt weak, and her vision turned foggy. She couldn’t focus on the man’s silhouette, and her eyelids felt heavy…‘Crash!’Gareth heard the sound and frowned. He stopped and looked back to see Linda fainted on the ground. The annoyance in his eyes deepened. He stared at her unmoving body before giving his mother a call.“Get someone from Linda’s family here; she’s fainted.” “What happened?” Monica was shocked, but Gareth didn’t see the need to explain. He also didn’t care about Linda, so he hung up and walked away. From his experience, Linda could be faking it again. He only called his mother to help out of morality, in case she had fainted. He felt no more guilt toward Linda.…The engagement had been dissolved, but the Wickam family was in no hurry to announce it. The main reason was that the collaboration was still in progress.Everyone was on break this day.Gareth drove away in an irritated state. Without knowing it, he arrived at Elisa’s neighborhood. He raised his eyes and looked at the windows of the houses in front of him. At last, his eyes stopped at Elisa’s house. He squinted and could see a shadow in the window, but he wasn’t sure if it was Elisa or Rachel. He gripped the steering wheel and paused for a moment. In the end, he picked up his phone and dialed a number.But… he was greeted by an automated woman’s voice.“The number you have dialed is unavailable at the moment, please…”Gareth frowned and hung up.Five minutes later, he tried again, but it was still the same message.He kept calling. His face grew darker, and the
emotion reflected in his eyes would scare off anyone around him.Elisa had blocked his phone number!Well then! I tried so hard to sever my ties with Linda, yet what about her?!‘Bang!’Gareth slammed his hand on the steering wheel and accelerated out of there.…Upstairs, Rachel had been standing at the window for a while. When she saw that eye-catching Rolls Royce leave, she couldn’t help but blurt out, “The car’s left. It was there for a while, but it just left. I wonder who the big shot is…”
###chapter540
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 540
Elisa sat on the couch in the living room. She looked at the figure by the window and giggled, “What’s wrong? Are you trying to find a man?”“Yeah! Of course, I am!” Elisa pouted and continued, “But it’s so troublesome to find a boyfriend. I made a mistake at the start. I have to find a man from other social circles. Why is there only one guy in our circle? I should have brought in more guys and picked one. Life would be so much more interesting if I did that!!”Elisa smiled and gave Rachel a look, “What’s wrong with a childhood sweetheart? Knowing your personality, are you not feeling any more romance?”Rachel was a girl that liked new adventures and experiences.Rachel laughed and flicked her short hair. “I knew you knew me!!”“Of course, I know you. Do you mind if I invite someone over tonight?” Elisa giggled while placing the notebook in her hand down.“Who is it?”“Sean Jordan, an uncle I knew from before.”Rachel looked at her disbelievingly, “What Mr. Jordan! I can’t believe you know him!”Elisa nodded and replied, “Our company has a project and would like to collaborate with him. We’ve been trying hard to get him to agree, but it’s been hard. He owes me four more meals, so I was going to ask him tonight.”With anticipation shining in her eyes, Rachel laughed and said, “Does it still count if you invite him over? I’ve only seen him on TV and would like to see him in person. He is well- known and powerful; I really respect him!”Elisa smiled and texted Sean after a glance at the time.Elisa: ‘Uncle Sean, can I call you?’ Her phone rang not long after the text was delivered.“Uncle Sean, it’s been a while.”“Elisa, it hasn’t been that long? Is this about the meal I owe you?” His voice did not sound too happy.“That’s right, but I wanted to invite you over tonight. I broke a rib bone, so I have to stay at home and recuperate.”“You broke your rib bone What happened?” Sean asked in astonishment.“It was a car accident. Uncle Sean, don’t you want to pay me a visit?”“Send me the address.”“Okay, Uncle. I’ll see you tonight at six.”“Okay.”Their conversation ended, and they hung up the phone. Elise sent him her address immediately.There was amazement in Rachel’s eyes as she exclaimed, “Wow! I can’t believe you got him to come! I didn’t realize you guys were this close! This old man’s stubbornness is infamous; he’s known for not showing mercy to others. Yet, he’s coming over because you invited him?!”“I’m going to go make some arrangements. Let’s get a chef to cook dinner
tonight.” Elisa said with a smile.“Alright,” Rachel said happily. She knew that Elisa wouldn’t cook with her around.The two went about making preparations.Rachel would go on her phone whenever there was time to spare.She was scrolling through Twitter when she saw a post.“Holy sh*t! Elisa, come look at this. Something popped up on Twitter, and it is going off!!”“What is it?” Elisa asked curiously.“Well, it’s something really shocking.” Rachel couldn’t believe her eyes.
###chapter541
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 541
Elisa turned to look at her, “What’s the matter?”“The Tabor family!” Rachel blurted and then continued swiping through her phone. Her attention was wholly on the phone before her.Elisa was curious. The Tabor family?She suddenly thought about the time she attended a dinner at Southdale with Gareth. They had bumped into Nicole and even exchanged pleasantries. Nicole was a calculative person, but she held herself as a noble would. Although she gave off an air that made it hard for people to approach her, they didn’t hate her. Of course, that was the impression Nicole gave her that day.Rachel once again exclaimed after reading another Tweet, “Oh my gosh! They’ve given an official statement!!” She then walked over and passed the phone to Elisa. “Look! The Tabor family is moving here!”Elisa was doubtful, “Why would they suddenly move here? Weren’t they doing well over there?”“They will keep the company in Southdale as a branch, and the branch company in Bayswe will become the main headquarters. Most of their shareholders and executives will be coming over. Why would they do something like this? Why would they suddenly change their main headquarters? This isn’t their demographic.” Rachel questioned.“Even a starved camel is bigger than a horse. What’s more, they are not camels; they’re dragons.” Elisa passed the phone back to Rachel and went back to arranging things for dinner.“There’s more than one dragon here. Can they really get a piece of the action here? They were ruling over Southdale, but here…”“This has nothing to do with us. Let’s not bother with it. Come, let’s finish with the preparations.”…Elisa’s doorbell chimed at five forty-five. Rachel saw Sean through the CCTV and shouted in surprise, “He’s here! Mr. Jordan is here, Elisa!” “Well, open the door,” Elisa said as the tips of her mouth lifted up.“Right.” She pressed the button twice and said with anticipation, “Oh my goodness! I can’t believe I’m finally going to meet Mr. Jordan! Not only is he not late, but he came fifteen minutes early.”“Since you like him so much, you should know that he is an early bird.” Elisa said with a smile.Rachel giggled, “I forgot.”The two of them waited by the door. Rachel was peeking through the peephole and immediately opened the door when she saw the elevator door open and Sean walking out.Sean was startled by the two girls waiting for him by the door. He was holding a fruit basket.He turned to Elisa and said, “What are you doing waiting for me out here? You’re
injured.”“I’m much better. Come in and sit.” Elisa beamed.Sean nodded and passed the fruit basket to Rachel.“How are you, sir?” She couldn’t hide the excitement in her voice as she received the basket.“Thank you, Uncle Sean.” Elisa said appreciatively.Sean nodded and then raised an eyebrow at Rachel, standing timidly to the side. “I’m only a little over fifty. Must you call me sir?”The color faded from Rachel’s face as she hurriedly tried to explain herself, “Of course not! It was my mistake. I was just trying to be polite!”She wasn’t the first to call him sir.“Uncle Sean, let’s have dinner. This is my best friend. She’s been looking after me this whole time.”Sean nodded and addressed Rachel, “You can call me Uncle, just like this little brat here.”“Uncle!” Rachel was flabbergasted.Sean once again nodded and changed into household slippers. He washed his hands, and the three of them sat at the dinner table.
###chapter542
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 542
“How did you get into an accident? How are you recovering?” Sean asked Elisa. He was in no rush to pick up his cutleries.“Two big cars were coming toward me, and I couldn’t avoid them.” Elisa said nonchalantly.Sean’s facial expressions immediately changed!“It was you that drove toward them!”News about that event had spread, and there were rumors about what had conspired, but no one uninvolved knew the characters in the story.“No, Uncle. I was there too!” Rachel shook her head.“Someone’s trying to kill you.” Sean guessed as his face darkened.“I hope not.” Elisa brushed it off jokingly.“People are getting more and more brazen these days. What are the police saying?” Sean asked with a frown.“They’re still investigating it. The drivers involved were hired men, and they haven’t been able to get any information from them. They’re claiming that it was an accident caused by drunk drivers.” Elisa said truthfully.Sean snorted and said, “It’s obvious they were under orders! I’m sure once the police check their bank accounts and find the inconsistencies in their statements, they will be able to find the culprit behind all this.”“Yeah, I’m sure the police will be able to get to the bottom of it. Uncle, since you’re coming to pay me a visit tonight, we can’t consider it part of the five meals you owe me, right?” Elisa said and then changed the subject with a smile.Sean had promised Elisa five meals.Sean was stunned into laughter, “You little brat. What schemes are you planning again?” Elisa huffed and said, “I’m not! I genuinely like you, so I don’t want you to break ties with me after these five meals.”“You’re being so kind with your words. I know your true purpose is to get me to agree to the collaboration.” Sean scoffed.Rachel stood at the side with her mouth slightly agape. She couldn’t contain her shock.I can see they are really close, just like a niece and her uncle.“Then, I’ll take it as you agreeing.” Elisa teased and said, “Uncle Sean, try the dishes before they get cold.”Elisa had hired a top chef to make the dishes, but Sean wasn’t one to be impressed by these things. He picked up his cutleries and then spoke softly to Elisa, “I’ve thought about what you said about the collaboration, but I still need reassurance on two fronts. I will agree to it if you can convince me.”The shock in Rachel’s eyes intensified! She was no longer interested in the dishes on the table.D*mn Elisa! She’s such a girl boss! She’s already finished four difficult projects, and now, she’s convinced Uncle Sean. What kind of skills
does she have!“Go ahead.” Elisa said with a grin. She was confident she would win after their last discussion. Her confidence only grew after hearing his answer.Sean picked up his cutleries and told Elisa calmly, “It’s a selfish world out there. Yet, you want to promote family peace with a focus on assets. Benett Corporation has always dabbled with wood, but now you want to change the family direction and create something else. Not only is it not something I like, but it’s also not your company’s strong point. Why do I have to join hands with you?”Rachel’s face was drained of color. That was such a toxic question!!
###chapter543
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 543
She was an insider, so of course, she knew!Benett Corporation passed this project to Elisa because they knew it was bound to fail. Even if it did go through, Benett Corporation wouldn’t have the right people for the job. What would they do then? Weren’t they just playing her? Elisa wasn’t someone that would let that happen. She wasn’t going to make this work. But… where is she getting her confidence from, and what will she do?Rachel glanced at Elisa with a meaningful gaze. Cold sweat was breaking out just from thinking about it.Elisa seemed unbothered as she replied with a beam, “You might see it as a question, but to me, it’s not something that I put to heart.”Sean raised a brow and waited for her to continue silently.“Benett Corporation deals with wood and is prospering in all aspects. From the data I have, no corporation can say they have the same revenue as us. But ignoring that, Benett Corporation also deals with many other things that are still being developed. I can say for sure that the project I showed you is unique, and no one else would even think about it.”Sean raised his eyes, and the lines on his forehead deepened significantly.“You might think you’re prioritizing your family and peace by letting go of your wishes, but one lie would bring a travesty to the family. Who will be willing to take on such a challenge?”Elisa smiled, but Rachel was jittery to the side.“As for this project you’ve devised, it only benefits the rich. But think about it, how many of those people can actually afford to pick up this challenge? Who will do it? Once it becomes open to the public, their family will break apart, and you’ll be the instigator.”Rachel was sweating bullets from her forehead. Sean’s questions were becoming increasingly invasive; this was just his first point. How will Elisa reply to such a tricky question?Elisa’s face was calm. She didn’t look bothered by the question.“There are big and small circles among the rich. We’re targeting those outside the big circle but have just enough to be considered well-off.”Rachel was dumbfounded. Elisa definitely has the gift of the gab… She’s too good… She’s so unfazed by this situation. I’m so jealous…Elisa did not look at Rachel. She continued as she fixed her gaze on Sean, “Those in the big circles will probably not participate, but lesser-off families like challenges. It all depends on whether they can maintain it or not. Our plan is not to get confessions, so how can we flush them out?” Elisa continued as she still saw a glint of hesitation in Sean’s eyes, “Also, our project
is for families of three. It promotes harmony between families and will deepen the relationship between them. They’ll learn that family is the most important after going through hardships with them and that they should trust and love their family.” Elisa hurriedly gave Sean some address, causing him to be dumbstruck…He slightly frowned as he thought Elisa made sense. After a moment of pause, he opened his mouth and said, “Alright, let me give you the second condition.”“Alright.” Elisa said while her lips slowly dragged upwards.…In Wickam Residence, Gareth returned home after receiving a call from Darren. He saw Darren sitting on the couch in the living room when he walked in.Darren had one leg crossed over the other as he read the newspaper. He adjusted his glasses when he saw Gareth and said stoically, “Did you know that the Tabor family is here?”Gareth made a sound of acknowledgment.Darren nodded and then put down the newspaper.“You should get engaged to Nicole.” He said matter-of-factly.
###chapter544
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 544
Gareth’s eyes were frigid as he looked at Darren, “What’s going on in your head?”Darren’s brows knitted together, and he said unhappily, “Nicole is interested in you and has been for a while. Must I spell it out for you?”Gareth’s face darkened, and he looked at Darren frostily, “You don’t need to worry about my marital status. We can play with the Benetts, but the Tabor family is on a different scale. I don’t think you can deal with the repercussions.”“You…! You brat! I’m doing this for you! Nicole is a great girl; she excels in everything she does. They don’t lose to us in prestige as well. Where else would you find such an outstanding woman? Most importantly, she likes you!”Gareth grew more annoyed.“I will not have any relationship with her. Let’s stop it here, Grandfather. Do not meddle in my personal life anymore.”“Gareth Wickam…!”“I have other things to do. Don’t call me over if there is nothing urgent next time.” Gareth interrupted Darren while straightening his tie. He left right after that.“Gareth! Stand right there!” Darren pushed himself up, but Gareth was done with him and walked out.“D*mn! Sh*t! Everything’s gone to sh*ts!” Darren swore angrily, his face as red as a tomato.Julia came down from upstairs to see Gareth had left. She heard Darren’s swears and went over angrily to give him a kick!Darren did not hide away as he feared she would fall. “What was that for? It’s not enough that b*stard pissed me off; are you trying to piss me off too?!”“What do you mean he pissed you off? You’re the problem! I was only in the bathroom for a while, yet you were able to chase away my obedient grandson!”“I was doing it for him! He doesn’t even know how hard I’m trying! How is it that his temper grows with him? And he’s gotten even more stubborn!” Darren huffed angrily.“He got that from you!”She suddenly thought about how the two had chased Elisa away and did not want to protect Gareth any more.“Can you not be angry with me?” Darren was so angry his breaths were getting heavier.Julia scrunched up her brows. After considering the man’s health, he sighed and sat on the sofa.“Can you not create more trouble?”Darren was about to say something, but Julia pulled at his hand and said sullenly, “Alright, how about you sit down and calm down first? We’re just having a chat. You don’t have to show your horns.”Darren deeply inhaled and then sat down. He tried to calm the fury in his heart.Julia kept holding onto his hand.“Look, didn’t your family look down on me as well when we
were dating?” Julia said with a grin.Darren froze; he did not know what to say.“And now, your hair is gray, and we have one foot in the grave. Must you limit Gareth so much? He is a grown man and has already failed one marriage. Do you want him to fail a second time?”“Nicole is…” Gareth wanted to retort but was interrupted by Julia before he could speak further.
###chapter545
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 545
“Let’s not talk about Nicole. When we first got together, I remember your parents tried to introduce you to a girl. What was her name again? Was it Tammy?”Darren’s face reddened. “Why would you bring up a trivial thing like that for?”Julia chuckled at him. “What else if not to tease you? That Tammy wasn’t just a normal girl. Wasn’t her family comparable to Nicole’s? But you fought with your family, insisting on choosing me.”He became silent.He thought that she was trying to get even with him over that matter, but he forgot that there was a reason she would bring up the incident.He stayed silent for a while before blurting out, “That’s different!”She smiled. “How is it any different?”“That’s because I’ve met you. I had you, but who does he have? I used to think that anyone would do it until I met you. He must be thinking the same thing as I was.”“Why would he refuse you if anyone will do?”“That’s because he doesn’t know! He probably thinks that Nicole wouldn’t cut it!” He retorted.“That’s enough! You know something’s wrong in this child’s situation, yet you’re still pig-headed. Can you stop meddling in his matters?”“But I’m doing it for…”Julia snorted. “What? To put it nicely, you’re doing it for the bigger picture. But, in honesty, you’re only doing it for the benefits and the money! That’s why you want to sell him out with this marriage. Then why didn’t you marry for convenience? Besides, our family is filthy rich. How much more do you want?”He was speechless.He couldn’t reply to his wife’s reasoning. But he was still reluctant.They had been together for years. There was no way Julia wouldn’t know what he was thinking.She spoke up. “You’re not allowed to force him into the engagement, or else I’m divorcing you! I’ll do what I said!”“You…!” Darren looked at her furiously. “What do you know, you old woman?”“What do you know?! Do you know you’ll rob Gareth’s happiness for the rest of his life? He may not have met the person now, but he will meet them in the future. He’s still so young! I don’t care. If you force him, I’ll divorce you!”“You…!!!”Fuming, he left without another word.Julia snorted. She picked up her phone and called Gareth.“Grandma.” Gareth picked up the call right away.“Ignore what your grandpa said. You don’t need to listen to him this time. I can be as stubborn as a mule. I told him we’re divorcing if he still forces you!”Gareth’s lips curved upward in a light smile. Warmth spread across his chest.He said gently, “You don’t need to intervene in this matter. It will only harm your relationship.
I’ll do what I see fit. I’ve already decided not to listen to him.”“That’s not enough!” Julia furrowed her eyebrows. “I think that there’s something wrong with his head. All he thinks about is money. Our family has enough to spend for the next few generations, yet he’s thinking of getting more by trading your happiness. My boy, I won’t force you to marry Elisa, but you must hold on to your happiness, alright? Don’t just spend the rest of your life drifting.”He felt an inexplicable sense of irritation when she mentioned Elisa.He replied softly, “I will.”
###chapter546
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 546
Julia noticed that he sounded down and asked, “What are you doing?”“I’m driving.” Gareth stared straight ahead. He pursed his lips. The veins on the back of his hand pulsed.It was better not to mention the heartless woman. Otherwise, he would want to strangle her to death.“Alright then. Drive carefully. I won’t disturb you anymore.” Julia couldn’t figure out what he was thinking. She ended the call.He continued driving with his lips pursed. The dark expression on his face was intimidating.…As the time passed, Rachel felt that her brain was overwhelmed with a series of terminologies and cases.The heated debate between the two was incredulous. It wasn’t just a regular occurrence for the two best speakers to go head-to-head.As a result…The debate had been going on nonstop.Yet Rachel was overjoyed! Ecstatic! Exhilarated!Because!She may not understand what was happening, but that doesn’t mean she couldn’t see who was winning!The man was at a loss for words more frequently. He was even wordless this time around.The air was still.Rachel munched on her food silently. She raised her head and peeked at Sean from time to time.Elisa sipped on her water and smiled. “Uncle Sean, that’s about it. I believe we can succeed if we work together.”Sean’s expression was solemn. Visibly moved by her words, he seemed to be contemplating what would happen if they carried out the plan.Deep in thought, he took a few bites of the food and finally broke the silence after a while. “I think we can work together on this.” Rachel’s eyes widened. Although she felt that the collaboration was in their grasp and was exhilarated earlier, hearing a solid approval made her want to jump for joy for Elisa.After all, all of Elisa’s joint projects were tough nuts to crack.If it were anyone else, they would have trouble completing even only one. Yet Elisa succeeded in all five projects!It was truly a miracle!No… This is no miracle. People might think it’s a miracle if it’s only one or two projects. But five in a row! All of them are tough to complete. This can’t be just a miracle!Elisa grinned. “Then our company looks forward to working with your company, uncle!”“No, no.” Sean’s expression was determined.Elisa was puzzled. “Huh?”“Not the companies. This is only between the two of us.” He smiled.Elisa blinked a few times and immediately understood his words.Rachel, however, was confused. What does that mean? Are they both going to leave their companies and work together
privately? But that’s impossible for Elisa…Although Elisa wouldn’t be fired over losing one project, she refused to allow Benett Corporation any space to find fault with her. She must complete all of her work.This collaboration with Sean, in particular, was important to her.Elisa smiled and said softly, “I need to put in an application for this with my company first.”He nodded. “Not a problem.”She beamed and raised her cup. “Uncle Sean, I’ll toast for a pleasant time working together.”He grinned and raised his cup. It was rare for them to have a proper conversation. They raised their cups in celebration.After he left, Rachel couldn’t hide her admiration any longer. With disbelief, she lifted her hand and smacked it straight down on Elisa’s shoulder.
###chapter547
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 547
“Benett! You’re brilliant! I could kiss you!” Rachel seemed to be more excited than Elisa.Elisa couldn’t help chuckling, “Aren’t you tired?”“How can I be tired!” Rachel relished excitedly. “I’m invincible! No one can mess with us!”Elisa smiled. Rachel quipped, “Are you going to take over? Your wound hasn’t healed!”“After the negotiation, I don’t need to hand over the rest of the matter. I just need to talk to our department leader, and they’ll arrange it.” Elisa explained. “As for the subsequent cooperation, I also need to wait until all the process arrangements are completed. This may have to wait, but by then, I should be fully healed.”Rachel nodded with that reassurance. “That’s good, that’s good.”…The ward.Benett’s Hospital.Norman and Rose had been guarding here all afternoon, but Linda was lying on the hospital bed and showed no signs of waking.Norman was about to go crazy. Looking at the dozen or so doctors in the ward, he gritted his teeth and cried, “She’s only fainted! There was no external injury at all. Why hasn’t she woken up yet?!”Rose also looked at the doctors in a panic, “You must find a way to wake her up!”The doctors were afraid to contradict the statement since they were the owners of the place. An experienced doctor commented, “Miss Linda is in stable condition. It is only because of the fainting that it induced her to a coma.”“Why are you awake, and she’s not?!” Norman roared angrily. The doctor said calmly, “Even if she can’t wake up tonight, she can wake up tomorrow. What she needs now is rest… There are too many people, and it will affect her recovery. At this time, she should be able to wake up.”Rose stared at her child lying on the bed, “Forget it. Get out, all of you.”The doctor gestured for his colleagues to give the Benett’s some privacy.Soon enough, only the three of them remained in the ward.Rose held onto Linda’s hand, “Dear girl, I know you’re hurting, but you have to wake up for us. Do you really want to give up after all we’ve sacrificed? Wake up.” The mother whispered, “I will find a way for you. I’ll have you marry into the Wickam family in a glorious manner! There won’t be anything to stop us anymore!”Out of anger, Norman paced back and forth.Rose glanced at him, got up, and pulled him outside.Her husband followed suit.After the two of them arrived in an empty ward, Rose said directly, “This matter must not be left alone.”Mr. Benett gritted his teeth, “I don’t want to just let it go, but the Wickam family has prepared every possible scenario to terminate our
cooperation. We’re the ones at stake!”Rose grew livid at her husband’s declaration.Norman groaned, “Now, we don’t have the means to confront the Wickam family head-on. Since it’s their call, we can deduce they have found a better partner for the company.” The man rubbed his temple, “We’ve just been replaced.”“Of course, I know this,” Rose hissed. She straightened her collar, “but I have a solution!”
###chapter548
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 548
In the meantime, Rachel was still fawning over Elisa. The two paused their chatter when Elisa’s phone rang.It’s Sheena Gilio’s number. Elisa responded, “Sheen?”Rachel grew puzzled. “There’s no way Sheena knows about us! Put it on speaker!”Elisa frowned.“Sheena?”Sheena sighed, “Linda is in the hospital.”“What? Wait, doesn’t her family own a hospital?”“True, but I just got on a call with my mother. She told me that her scouts spotted Linda at the Benetts’ hospital. My mother didn’t owe Rose a favor before, so she went to visit her today.”“What? Really? Isn’t this good news?!” Rachel beamed over this development, “She’s definitely faking it again! Have Gareth and the others visited yet?”Sheena hesitated, “I don’t know, my mother said at the time there were no visitors.” She huffed, “No one from the Wickam family came. Rose didn’t elaborate on her daughter’s condition, but she did say it was a coma. And… I also heard a rumor.”“Spill!”Elisa brought the phone closer to Rachel.Sheena whispered, “Someone saw Linda pass out in front of Gareth, but the man didn’t give a finger to help. It was Linda’s parents who admitted her to the hospital. To make it worst, he left Linda the moment he saw people approach.”Elisa and Rachel exchanged glances. Suspicion grew on Rachel, “No way…why do I always feel that this is a rumor? Didn’t it say that Linda was Gareth’s lifesaver? But Gareth didn’t return the favor? That doesn’t seem like him. Besides, this will ruin his public reputation.”“I’m not sure either… But I feel there is a storm coming for the two of them. The engagement is right around the corner, and this could be an omen for their downfall.”Rachel laughed, “It would be perfect if the engagement actually got called off. I can imagine it! Linda crying like a kid.” The woman sneered, “I hope to witness Linda’s altercation with the whole network! I just can’t wait to make it public.”Elisa crooned, “Don’t worry, things take time.”“Well, I know that for sure. Just wanted to tell you about it.”Elisa continued, “How is Carle these few days?”“The doctor said that he is recovering. He will be discharged from the hospital in another seven to ten days. It’s just that he has not been very energetic these two days, and it may be because he hasn’t seen you.”Elisa sighed, “I have been in touch with him for the past two days. He’s been considerate about my busy schedule so far.” She brushed away her bangs, “I am worried. After he recovers, I should…”Sheena cut her off, “Benett, please! Don’t tell him this quick…”Elisa bit her
lip.Rachel sighed, “That’s right, I can’t talk about it right away,” The lady crossed her arms, “but I must bring this up sooner or later. What if he finds out?”
###chapter549
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 549
The three collected their thoughts in silence.Neither of them knew how to solve the matter.Sheena sighed, “Yesterday, Carle confronted me. It was about whether Elisa intended to break her promise since we lied.”Rachel took a breath, “Ah…”Elisa pursed her lips, “It’s good for him to doubt.”Sheena refrained from shedding a tear. She was afraid that Carle would spot her outside the ward.She sighed, “Elisa, why am I not enough for him? If it were me, he wouldn’t have to worry.”Rachel was speechless.Elisa responded calmly, “Let’s concentrate on the things at hand. I’ll handle dealing with that later.”Sheena and Rachel agreed.Sheena queried, “How is your situation now?”“She’s much better. In a few days, Elisa can visit the hospital.”The woman was grateful for the news. She was happy that Elisa was back on her feet. “Then get some well-deserved rest. I’ll be looking forward to your meetup with Carle.”“Don’t worry! I’m here! I can take care of her. You take care of Carle on the other side, haha.”Sheena smiled. It was rare these days that she felt genuinely happy.…A night passed.Linda finally woke up.She was stuck in a fantastic dream. Linda could still hear Gareth calling her lovingly and offering to keep the engagement between them. “Don’t worry, I’ll keep you safe from public ridicule. We’ll be the happiest couple in the world,” Gareth said when he was awake. She was almost happy to be awake.But reality sunk in.How cruel! Cruel!“Linda, you finally woke up!”Linda was roused by the frazzled, worried voice.It turned out to be her parents, who were seated next to her bed.When she quickly turned to look around, she saw that there were just the three of them in the ward.Linda’s complexion abruptly became pallid. Her mouth’s pleasant smile vanished.The pair got increasingly concerned when they noticed her change. Rose immediately rang the bell beside the bed, “Hurry up! Where’s the nurse?!”Linda developed a headache, “Mom, stop pressing.”Rose paused, “Linda, you’re…”Linda turned her head to look at Rose. Her eyes couldn’t hide her anticipation: “Mom, where did Gareth run off to? Just now…he has been by my side, right?”Norman Benett and Rose’s expressions grew grave.Disappointment flooded over Linda.Her voice trembled, “It was… a dream?”Rose was afraid that Linda would be overly upset again, “Oh, Gareth was alone with you in the room just now. We don’t know what he said to you, but he was busy and didn’t stay too long. He was
here longer than us.”Rose sighed, “He is very guilty and wants to stay with you all the time. The Darcey company has caused him issues. If it is not resolved, the company may go bankrupt. He has no choice but to go to other places. Too many cities.”
###chapter550
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 550
Her disappointment gradually changed to suspicion, “Is this really the case?”“Yes.” Rose smiled. “Would your own mother lie to you? The coma may have gotten you in a daze!”Norman finally eased.Suddenly, the door of the ward opened.Out came three doctors to examine Linda.The doctor didn’t say anything until after the investigation. “Miss Benett is fine. All the physical indicators are fine, but… she has been in a coma for too long. I suggest you stay in the hospital for another three days under observation. She can leave the hospital then. Will that be, okay?”Rose nodded, “Okay, then we’ll stay in the hospital for a few more days.”The doctor nodded.In the ward, there were only three of them left.Only then did Linda speak, “I don’t know what’s going on, I just felt dizzy at the time. I feel weak even after being asleep for the last few days. It feels like weeks, and I swore I heard Garry call onto me.”Rose smiled, “Well, he has been with you this whole time.”“Mom, I have nothing else to do. I’m leaving the hospital, and I’m going to find Garry.” As she spoke, Linda lifted the quilt and was about to get up.The expressions of the couple changed. Her father tried to stop, “You can’t go! You just caused him to feel guilty. Does he still have compassion? You are staying in the hospital. Stay here until the engagement!” “Isn’t it in three days?” Linda was a little flustered, feeling that something was wrong.Her father and mother didn’t dare to tell her the truth. Rose smiled and held her hand, “Girl, you just listen to your father. Don’t we know what’s best for you?”Linda pursed her lips but refrained from answering.Although she knew this, she still felt…unconvinced.I need to see Gareth now!Seeing her reaction, Rose replied, “Linda, things are different now. The man is not easy to feel remorse. He has developed doubts, so let’s not bother him now. All right?”Linda frowned and closed her eyes.“Mom, I’m hungry.”“Oh yes! Hurry! Get some hot porridge!”Norman hurried with the food.Linda looked at her parents, “Mom, does Garry…regret it?”Rose frowned, “Could it be your coma messed up your head? You’ve been together this long! Silly girl! Don’t fill your head with worries!”Linda pursed her lips and stopped talking. Her heart is telling her otherwise…She was getting more anxious.But…They didn’t know.On the official account of the Wickam family… They’ve… posted the news.The marriage contract
was officially terminated. However, Gareth was covering costs and compensation.When Elisa found out about this, she was taking a shower in the bathroom when the door suddenly opened.
###chapter551
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 551
Elisa was taken aback. At that moment, she was still covered in the middle of her bubble bath.Rachel was excited to talk about the key points while holding the phone, but she never expected to see such a perfect figure looming.As a woman, she couldn’t help swallowing and kept staring at the person in front of her and said quietly: “Liz, I seem to be bent by you.”Elisa: “…”She said speechlessly: “Go out, I’ll be fine in a while.”Rachel couldn’t help looking at her for a while and then said, “Then hurry up, I have big news to tell you!”Elisa was helpless, but seeing her like this, she knew that it shouldn’t be a trivial matter, otherwise, Rachel would never rush into her bathroom.Mainly because there were only the two of them in the house, Elisa didn’t think about locking the door.This girl…Not long after, Rachel’s anxious voice came from outside.“Liz, are you all right? Why are you so slow!”While Elisa was wiping her hair, she heard Rachel yelling eagerly outside.She had no choice but to open the bathroom door, “What happened?”Rachel immediately rushed over and said to Elisa, “The Wickam family has made an official announcement!”Elisa’s hand wiping her hair froze for a moment, and the next moment she slowly raised her lips, “The engagement has been broken?”“That’s right! Yes! The Wickam family said that it was all a misunderstanding before. They apologized for the inconvenience caused to everyone this time, and they also said that the cooperation with the Benett family has also been terminated, and they will pay the penalty for breach of contract. Anyway, things are right.” Elisa was a little surprised, “They’ve withdrawn the proposal?”Rachel nodded, “That’s right, I’m still digesting the news. After all… Linda is the head of the company. If the engagement is canceled, it will be a huge loss for the Wickams!”“They won’t.”“Huh?” Rachel looked puzzled. “Why not? In this regard, the Wickam family has publicity, and the Benett family relies on the Wickam family for connections.”Elisa said calmly, “People in the Wickam family are inherently rational. They must have found a new home for them to do so, or they will not lose money even if they pay huge, liquidated damages. Besides…”Rachel anticipated a response.Elisa didn’t continue. She changed the subject, “How is Rose Meek?”“Aunt Rose has been really quiet~ But, what were you going to say just now?”Elisa pursed her lips, “The Benett family will never be willing to let the Wickam family cancel the cooperation. Even if they lose face, they will
choose to continue to cooperate for the sake of profit. Now there is no movement from the Benett family, but the Wickam family has posted the announcement. Why do you think about that?”“The Wickams took the initiative, so you are right. They must have found a more profitable partner!”“It’s very likely that they arranged it themselves.” Elisa grinned, “The cooperation between the Wickam family and the Benett family is severed.”Rachel’s complexion changed slightly, and she looked at Elisa with some concern, “Then what should we do? Liz, if we cancel the cooperation with the Wickams, it will enter a crisis level for the Benetts. Then…”
###chapter552
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 552
Elisa calmly replied: “It’s good. If I take over in the future, I won’t associate with the Wickams again. It’s good to let them start now, so I don’t have to worry about it.”Rachel opened her lips. She hesitated to speak but felt that what Elisa said made sense. “Tsk, I don’t know what the Benett family will do when they see this scene”Elisa smiled, “It’s a pity. I’m preoccupied. Otherwise, I would have visited her to deliver the news.”“Hahahaha…Isn’t that right, I’ll accompany you then! Maybe she will be pissed off more!But deep down, Elisa felt pity for Linda.In some way, that man and Linda, both deserved each other.…Benett’s Hospital.Norman Benett and Rose didn’t leave. They stayed by Linda’s side the entire time. When Norman Benett’s cell phone rang, he glanced at the mother and daughter. He announced bitterly, “It’s about the company again, I’ll answer the call first.”He got up and went out of the ward.He received no response from Linda or Rose. Rose, seeing Linda remained hunched over the bed, dejected, and unable to talk, remarked hopelessly, “I’m afraid you won’t be able to go for a month in your current condition, Linda. You need to change your attitude if you want to leave the hospital early.”Linda teared up, “He hasn’t called me yet.”Rose’s eyes flittered a little bit, and she felt progressively more hopeless. To expedite the process, she had to make a call to the Wickam household. Should…Her thoughts were interrupted when Linda’s ward door unexpectedly opened.Together, the mother and daughter saw that Norman Benett’s face was becoming paler. Norman summoned Rose, “Come out and ask your assistant to do something for me.”Rose looked puzzled, “My assistant? What are you going to do?”Despite saying as much, she nonetheless stood up, turned to face Linda, and quietly whispered, “Honey, I’ll be back.”Linda did not respond —she didn’t have any energy at all.Rose sighed, got up, and walked outside.However, as soon as the ward door was shut, Norman Benett seized Rose’s hand and said, “Don’t talk, come with me.”Norman’s complexion was grimmer than before, and Rose knew something wasn’t right.Soon, the two entered the private room, and Norman Benett directly handed the phone to Rose, “Look for yourself!”Rose was baffled when she noticed the headline.“D*mn! How could they do this? Are they crazy!!”“What now?! What if Linda sees this?!”“God!” Rose could no longer think of a solution and immediately rushed out.
Norman quickly followed.“We aren’t here right now, so what should Linda do if she picks up the phone?” Rose said angrily. “Why didn’t you think of a means to take away Linda’s phone just now?”Her husband’s complexion changed, “I… I didn’t think…I just wanted to discuss a solution with you and get them to revoke the announcement!”
###chapter553
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 553
“How can they erase it now that they uploaded it? I’m going to check Linda, so don’t think about it right now! Don’t discuss it!”She said and then sprinted.But when the pair opened the ward door, they saw Linda staring at her phone.The pair were horrified.Tears streamed down the woman’s face. She turned to look at her parents and smiled, “So, it was really a dream.”Rose answered in distress, “Linda, it’s not your fault! It’s the old man of the Wickam family who changed his mind. I will never allow your marriage to be voided just like that! Never!”Linda laughed, “Is there anything impossible? They have already prepared liquidated damages, so what else can we say…”She is no longer as irate or agitated as she was earlier. Her mother saw that she resembled a delicate porcelain doll that may topple over in the slightest breeze.Norman Benett was worried about his daughter’s situation, so he immediately stepped forward. “Linda, look at the bright side. You’re free.”Linda was weeping at that point, “It’s useless whether I cheer up or not, so why force myself? Dad, Mom, you don’t need to persuade me. I know, I’m done. I’ve lost him.”A man of great standing was to be engaged to her, but now… it’s all gone. That same man now wants nothing to do with her.From a star to now a butt of some cruel joke.Linda gave up. “Ah!”Norman and Rose were shaken by her sudden outburst. Rose rushed to her side.“Linda, calm down! Mom will figure it out!”Linda’s eyes froze for a moment, but the next moment her head was nestled in the crook of her arms, resting on her knees.“Don’t try to persuade me anymore, and… I won’t believe it foolishly anymore. You always say that there is a way, but you have never succeeded once. Now that you have ended up like this, I can accept it. That’s it.”Linda’s voice was weak.All she could do was mumble about her demise.Rose felt guilty and helpless in her heart, and she also wanted her daughter to marry Gareth…After planning for so many years, I never thought of falling short.Rose gritted her teeth, “Since they are merciless, there is no need for us to save face! I’m going to see Mrs. Wickam now!”Linda was doing a blank stare.She was hurt.Her heart was hurt.She felt that the whole world had collapsed. For so many years, she had worked so hard to accomplish one thing. She even hospitalized herself for two years just for that man.But now…Everything was gone, everything returned to the original point, and everything she had done all these years, all her painstaking effort, and
everything she expected were all in vain, all in vain!“What’s the use of you looking for Mrs. Wickam?”“What’s the use? We have to salvage what remains of this family!”
###chapter554
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 554
Bullying her daughter in such a manner! What requirements must they meet to continue living happily? Rose swiftly left.She felt Norman clutch her arm, “You said you had a plan, right? Did you not mention…”“This was before they released it. What’s the use of it now?! You stay here to console our daughter. I’ll ask them for an explanation!”Norman hated the feeling of being helpless.His phone incidentally was blowing up due to the countless notifications.Rose held her daughter’s hand, “I’ll handle this, trust me.”Linda ignored her and sat on the bed.Her tears were silent.I can’t let these monsters get away with this.…Social media.The Wickam family sent this news, which had already created a stir over the entire nation. The Wickam family runs a sizable business that attracts a lot of interest.The instant the news was made, Twitter erupted.The traffic garnered on Twitter sent the site on overload.Many technicians were grumbling internally about having to work extra for a few days since they were unsure when the heat would subside.…Rose had already arrived at the door of the Wickams’ house.This time, she didn’t make any calls to the other party at all and instead immediately rang the doorbell. When the housekeeper realized she was the one who had arrived, she informed the master right away. “Why is she this upset?”Mrs. Wickam frowned, ” We have used up all of our goodwill and are prepared to pay significant liquidated damages, but they still won’t let up. She is relentless.”Old Madam Wickam calmly replied, ” Allow her to enter. I’m afraid she may not be able to accept what was reported in the media this time.”Mrs. Wickam sighed.Old Mr. Wickam commanded, “Let her in.”The visitor had a miserable look on her.He just grinned at Rose and extended an invitation to her, “Please come in.”Rose didn’t say a word and walked inside. Rose was fuming when she saw how at ease the family was. She fumed, “Is this normal for you Wickams to do this?”Mrs. Wickam scowled. She used to be as good as her own sister, and Rose used to welcome her with kindness frequently. But right now, her inquisitive demeanor was really a little uncomfortable.Then, in an urgent tone, she said, “Don’t you want to issue a formal statement that this is the end of the matter? What’s happening now that our two families have already announced the news? What else do you want, given that our Wickam family has already expressed regret and that we are likewise humble?”
###chapter555
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 555
Rose was fuming.She yelled, ” What would I want? Do you not realize in your heart what you did? You were the first to break your commitment! You made my family a joke!”Rose shouted too loud, and when she panted, she was a little too harsh. It was much more clear that she was quite upset since her face was red.Monica Wickam conceded, “Say what you think.”The mother scowled. She continued to berate her.“Everyone will assume that our family is in trouble if the marriage is annulled this time, but you Wickam’s remained untouched. I’m sure you’ve replaced our child with some other spouse. Why else are you this enthusiastic to announce it?! What kind of family takes an opportunity to get rid of our family like this?!”Jerry’s face turned bitter. He opened her lips to retort, but Monica stopped him with a look.“Even my enemies find It hard to speak ill of our families’ situation. Even common folk can think there’s something wrong with us! Your Wickam family has no problems at all! You hide behind your lies, and your legacy is built upon it!”Mrs. Wickam couldn’t bear her accusation any longer, “You have such a gift for language, and you can change blame into an accusation, something I didn’t know before! Your family deceived us first, but we decided not to make it public. You honestly believe our Wickam family is not humiliated of you either?!” Jerry Wickam withheld his tongue.The woman rubbed her temple, “This matter is done. Go home. The Wickam family have done all they could to preserve your reputation.”She remained in eye contact with Rose.You…Rose responded openly and furiously, “But the more I listen to you, the more ironic this whole thing feels.” She took a few steps towards Monica, “I’m aware you favor Elisa in your heart. But look at the granddaughter-in-law who is standing in front of you. She is a fraud, and a liar, just like you.”However, she omitted the part that her daughter had cheated.Monica’s eyes darkened.“I hope you can speak with respect. I’m trying my best to comfort you during this hard time. This has nothing to do with the current situation at hand. You are out of line!”Undertones of threat surfaced in her reply.However, Rose didn’t take it seriously. “I hope your Wickam family reconsiders the new decision on this matter.” She yelled, “Or I’ll have you all dead!”“Dead?” The old man, who had been silent all this time, finally spoke up. “What could you
possibly do? You’ve tarnished your own reputation and now find the audacity to threaten my family?”Rose gritted her teeth, “You’ll regret underestimating my family! I have the law on my side!”
###chapter556
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 556
Rose almost swore with her last statement.It sounded like she was decisive.Jerry ridiculed, “Rose, you don’t cherish the reputation we have built for you.” The old man yelled back, “You can try it, but don’t blame the Wickam family for being ruthless! ”“You! You…!”The woman’s body shook with anger. “Do you have any conscience in that hollow shell of yours?! My daughter is like this because of your careless decision! If she ends her life, you’ll pay with yours!!”The woman shrieked at the old man.However, nobody in the Wickam family accepted it. With their past history together, they regarded this as another cry for wolf.This is your own undoing.Mrs. Wickam sneered, “Leave. You are never allowed back here ever again!”Rose: “!!”“Fine!”“Just wait!”The mother stomped out of the household.On the way, she sent her husband a text.—Rose: ‘How is Linda?’—Norman Benett: ‘Sitting on the bed, neither eating nor drinking. She’s ignoring me.’—Rose: ‘Their family will pay.’—Norman Benett: ‘Are you really crazy! Do you know you’re going against the Wickam family?’ He contacted Rose directly after sending this message since he was exhausted from typing.Rose responded and informed everyone of what had just occurred. Although Norman Benett had already begun to settle down, he was once more feeling overwhelmed. He gritted his teeth, “They really said that?!”“Would I lie in this kind of situation?! Do you know why I went to the Wickams’ house to make trouble? Do you have no faith in me?”“Are you even thinking this through?”“I am! Of course, I am! But I’m not stupid. If the Wickam family did this, our Benett family would become a joke to everyone. But if we sit idly by, they will think we are weak. We’ll be a joke to them!”Norman grew sullen. He knew that Rose was right about the family’s reputation.“What the hell are you going to do about it?”“They are not shy to show how ungrateful they’ve been. Let’s expose that part of them! We’ll turn the tables on them, and so with the public!”“You mean…”“Disclose Linda’s medical records!”Norman frowned, “But this hospital is our own…”Rose snorted coldly, “What are you afraid of? Let them refute it if they can even produce evidence against the claim.”“Call my assistant to get my records!”
###chapter557
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 557
Norman was stunned. He wanted to stop her, but what else was there to do?It seemed like the only way to counter the Wickams.His phone rang.Norman answered irritably, “When are you coming back?”“In twenty.”“Quickly. My phone is blowing up in notifications. I need you to take over while I head to a company meeting.”“Go, I’ll be there shortly. I’ll have someone look after Linda in the meantime.”“Good.”He hung up the phone and rushed out.…One hour later.Benett Group conference room.All the senior executives sat in chairs; their faces darkened.Norman clasped his hands in silence.James Markee glowered at the crowd, ” We are powerless to whine or point the finger at anyone at this time. Does anyone have any good ideas? Speak now.”Jessie Green frowned, “The Wickam Group obviously has a backhand for terminating the contract. Even if we seek peace, it may not be beneficial. The most pressing matter is to move swiftly and find a new alliance.”Calvin Hall replied, “However, based on the existing circumstances, only the Wickam family can provide us with the largest performance benefits. This is not at all done by the Darcey Group. The new Tabor Group doesn’t concentrate here and finds it difficult to work together. Now since the primary business is absent, we are sitting ducks.” An employee suggested, “Why not be a sole company?” Norman disagreed: “It costs a lot of money, and we don’t have enough trustworthy connections for that. If Mr. Wickam finds a backer, his partner will definitely come for our necks. We need to prepare for that. This will only prevent the business from operating regularly, which will cause a decline in our stock prices and the bankruptcy of the company. Taking that route will only keep us afloat for half a year, at most.”The attendants of the meeting became silent.James Markee was considering what she would do if Elisa were to preside over this situation.What if it was Elisa Benett?Mr. Benett is naturally Elisa’s father.James Markee couldn’t help but think that if Mr. Benett were there, he would locate a partner on his own, and there wouldn’t be a figure for a half-year. His commercial acumen was exceptional.Norman Benett merely intended to make enough money to live comfortably after joining the firm, and he never considered his options. This also contributed to the unexpected vacant period that followed the Wickams’ rejection of Benett’s group.Because no one was certain how this collaboration
came to an end, everyone was now debating how to handle these issues cooperatively.I’m worried that everyone wouldn’t cooperate to find a solution if we had known.Even though everyone was still debating, the solution was still not agreed upon. This time, Norman Benett lacked the courage to choose, and he abruptly changed into a pending state.Yet…During their time in the meeting, social media was in chaos.Rose exposed the medical records on Twitter to slander the Wickams.Web developers behind Twitter were cursing over the traffic caused.I can’t catch a break as IT, can I?
###chapter558
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 558
While this was going down, Rachel was finishing doing the dishes. Her hands were full of sod as the familiar notification pinged.“Elisa! Get your ass here!” She flung the dish towel, “Your aunt posted again!”The lady almost squealed in excitement.Elisa sprinted and grabbed her phone.‘Trending: Mrs. Benett’s speech.’She put it on fullscreen.The video played, and there was Rose.Rose Benett: ‘Dear watchers, my name is Rose Benett. I’m the wife of Norman Benett, the president of Benett Group, and the mother of a victim, Linda Benett.’‘I’m here to expose our story.’‘A few years ago, she went into a coma to save the life of the president of the Wickam Group. The Wickams were aware of this. They were appreciative of her merit and promised to return the favor. Later, after Gareth and my niece Elisa’s relationship ended, they promised Linda engagement with their son.’‘At that time, my daughter was remorseful of her cousin’s situation that she disagreed with the proposal several times. Even if she liked Gareth in her heart, she didn’t want to be deemed as a homewrecker.’‘When there was no chance of Elisa Benett and Gareth Wickam’s relationship being repaired, they insisted on becoming engaged to my daughter. They persuaded her to say yes after trying multiple times.’‘In the end, they announced the dissolution of this engagement. They’ve accused our good family of all sorts of atrocities. From liars and frauds to fools. They’ve manipulated us to trust them and disposed of our family reputation for personal means.’ ‘This has gone too far, and we’re here to expose the Wickams.’The two stared at each other after the video ended. “Look here. Rose posted a series of pictures on Linda’s medical records. They’re evidence.”Elisa raised her brow, “It’s predictable that Rose would be angry about the matter, but she is not blind-sighted. There’s more to this than just an exposé.”Rachel was struck with an epiphany.“There’s no denying her anger, but this is an act of desperation. I mean, this is related to the company.” She adjusted her apron, “Both the Benett and Wickam families are always motivated by corporal politics. This shows that the Benett Group is vulnerable now.”Rachel sounded contrite.Elisa implored, “She is up to something.”“Huh?” Rachel’s interest was piqued, “What’s on your mind?”The woman knew Elisa was on the brink of figuring out Rose’s motive.Elisa smiled, “Rose did this all in order to renew her relationship with the Wickam family so that the Wickam family had no choice but to
marry Linda.”“But it’s tense now, if…even if Gareth is willing, and the whole family agrees, Linda won’t have a say in any of the family’s assets.”“What is the purpose of the Benetts uproar now? Furthermore, the Wickams have every right to play dirty since the Benetts did it first.”Elisa glowered, “They believe that wealth, position, and power are all that’s left to win. What else? I fear my uncle will go with all means to get his prize.” Elisa paused with that thought on how that man was capable of murdering his own brother.
###chapter559
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 559
Rachel understood her worries, “Liz…”Elisa smiled, “Don’t worry, I’ve made up my mind a long time ago.” She folded the apron Rachel was wearing, “I’m going to avenge my father.”“I’ll have your back.”Us.Naturally, there are also Carle and Sheena Gilio.Elisa smiled and took her hand, “I know, you’re the best.”“Then…can we just sit back and watch the fools fight? Grab the popcorn, Liz.” She laughed, “The Wickams won’t have an ounce of cooperation with those lot. Are you going to intervene?”“No, but the cooperation of this project…”Elisa remembered about Darcey.The Wickam family put up an excellent performance, and this was only the beginning.Rachel was a little worried, “What’s wrong?”Elisa smiled and shook her head, “It’s okay. We’ll just go to the theater for a few days. By the way, I’m almost recovered now. Let’s go see Carle.”“But you…”“I have no problem taking a shower these days. What are you worried about?”“I’m afraid the Benett family will come after you…”“They have bigger fish to fry. Don’t worry, let’s go.”When Rachel realized that her condition had significantly improved and that she had a greater capacity for recuperation than others, she paused briefly before nodding. “Fine, but you can’t stay with him for too long. We’ll come back after a while. Let’s just say I just came back from a business trip, and I’m tired.” Elisa smiled, “Alright.”She had been corresponding with Carle on WeChat over this time, and she had periodically sent videos. After giving a terrible excuse, she would hang up for his sake. Carle Semoa’s rehabilitation would be hampered if it took a long time since he would be thinking about it.The two then prepared their belongings and headed to the hospital.Sheena, who was still with Carle at this time, was shocked to see Elisa and Rachel approaching.“You’re back!”The moment Carle heard Sheena remark, she perked up, “I didn’t think that you would come back today. Why didn’t you tell me in advance?” Carle was just as surprised as Sheena. He looked over to Elisa.“Surprise!” Rachel said with a smile, “How about it?”“I’m so happy!” Sheena was worried. These last two days, Carle’s inner emotions were turbulent, and she was worried that he wouldn’t be able to conceal it.However, she struggled to articulate why he didn’t talk to her very much. He had no option but to remain silent because speaking would only make him appear more questionable.She finally exhaled a sigh of relief now that both of them were here.Elisa’s gaze briefly
halted as Carle held out a hand. She held it.“Liz, I miss you so much.” Even though Sheena Gilio and Rachel were there, Carle confessed.Elisa comforted him, “Me too.”Carle couldn’t suppress his warm smile.Rachel, however, was at her limit.
###chapter560
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 560
“Come on! I’ve known you since kindie,” she huffed. “now that she’s your little friend, I’m constantly third wheeling at this point. Carle, you better know your place.”Sheena erupted with laughter. Elisa was smiling uncontrollably.Carle coughed, “You always catch me by surprise.”“Tsk! Talk about commitment issue! Let’s break up!” She crossed her arms, “We didn’t talk about it all night since the two of us were hurrying to finish up work from the previous evening. I’ll see you as soon as I get off the airplane today!”Rachel really is something.This is a perfect excuse to leave.Carle was surprised, “Have you guys not slept?”Elisa smiled and shook her head. Rachel cried, “We were busy! We haven’t been eating and sleeping right for the past few days because of you! You are heartless, thinking only about Elisa!”Carle mumbled, “Yes, yes, it was my fault. When I recover, I’ll treat you love.”“Hmm! You must consider how to thank me, even though I know you have plenty of money—otherwise, I won’t! Just because you and Elisa are a thing doesn’t mean you can treat me any differently!”Rachel was pushing the joke because she frankly was too exhausted to keep awake.Carle was considerate and got the message.Carle looked deeply at Elisa and Rachel, “You two go back to rest first. Since you are back now, there are plenty of opportunities for us to meet in the future. Not too long, I hope.”Elisa smiled, “I took a nap during the flight. I can hold up for a bit. How do you feel now?” Elisa was already seated next to Carle when she spoke, and she had unintentionally retrieved back her hand.Carle smiled, “I’m almost better. I’ll be discharged from the hospital in a short time. Anymore, I’ll be rotting to my demise. Sheena is excited to leave.”Sheena smiled, “I’m fine.”“Since when were you considerate?”Carle couldn’t help laughing, “Hey, quiet you.”A few others exchanged words, but Sheena and Rachel felt a bit embarrassed by Carle’s unwillingness to take his eyes off Elisa’s face.Not to add that he works for Elisa.Sheena butted in, “By the way, things between the Wickam family and the Benett family have gotten a little serious in the past two days. What are you going to do?”Carle replied, “If the Benett family continues like this, I’m afraid the company will be unredeemable.”Elisa chortled, “It will survive. There is talented staff in the company. It takes more than a slander to drown that ship.”It was normal for the conversation to steer toward the company’s well-being.“Then what are you going to do?” Carle
stared.Elisa shook her head, “Nothing.” She shrugged, “We’ll leave the war ongoing.”“Hah, it’s been a while since I’ve watched a good fight.”“Yes, it’s been a while. Hold on, I just received a notification.”Carle was increasingly worried about this issue as well. After all, the Benett Group was involved.Rachel yelped, “The Wickam family responded! Look! Oh, this is like early Christmas!”Wait… Rachel’s expression became grave.
###chapter561
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 561
Carle followed suit and opened his social media. He turned an impossible shade paler.Rachel looked panicked.Sheena froze when she saw the post.The party grew silent.Carle turned away from them and stared directly at Elisa with a troubled expression, “Liz. That person was you?!”Elisa became silent.She had little use arguing now because the Wickam family had made their stance quite transparent.Carle took hold of Elisa’s hand, “You were injured! Why did you make an excuse to come here?!”Even though he had only just heard Rachel’s remarks, he already sensed that something wasn’t right because Elisa hadn’t shown up lately. Previously, he had never seen Rachel working so hard.Now that he was fully aware that they could only find reasons for Rachel to be busy—otherwise, they would find reasons for Liz, and every court appearance she had would be covered—he would inevitably learn about it and use this as an excuse.Carle was now worried, “Liz, you’re injured!”With the number of spectators, the involved murder, and the severity of the collision —the controversy was inevitable. How could I be this blind?Elisa retorted, “I’m fine. Do I look injured?” She gestured to Rachel, “Rach has been taking care of me, so I’m in good hands.” “I never noticed! That disguise!”Carle’s head was now flooded with the many possibilities Elisa could have met her demise.I’m so pathetic. I hate it…Elisa detected his guilt, “Stop. I’m capable of judging a situation. Hey, we’ll come to visit you again. You behave.”Knowing her temperament, Carle was helpless to change her mind. I need to be stronger for her.Elisa maintained, “Let me see what the Wickams posted.”Sheena handed her phone, “I think the Benetts are in deep trouble now.” She sighed, “Possibly even jail.”—Wickam’s Official:[In response to Mrs. Benett, our company made the following response to provide evidence.1. Ms. Linda’s rescue of Gareth Wickam is a scam.2. The Benett family canceled the cooperation on their own initiative.3. Chairman Benett and his wife, daughter, and family have misbehavior. They plot against Mrs. Wickam’s granddaughter, Ms. Elisa, several times. At the banquet in Southdale, they pushed Ms. Benett into the water and survived, but there was another car accident. They have already cooperated with the police and submitted evidence. The Wickam family will not accept this slander.]A recording and numerous pieces of evidence were attached below.Rachel gasped, “Well, they’re in deep trouble.”
###chapter562
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 562
The recordings were the same ones Elisa had provided to Gareth.When Elisa saw it, she was a little taken aback. She didn’t anticipate Gareth to uncover all this information about the assailant who tried to drown her. She pursed her lips, “Seems like Gareth has some tricks.”Carle turned to Elisa, “Liz, you…”Rachel and Sheena Gilio also looked at her one after another. Elisa looked at them a little strangely, “What’s with that look?”Carle sighed, “It’s okay.”Sheena couldn’t help but chuckle, “Carle Semoa was afraid that you would change your mind towards Gareth. After all, what he did this time can be regarded as protecting you and helping you solve the case.”Elisa snorted, “You think too highly of me.”Carle frowned, “Don’t say that.”Elisa smiled and remained silent. In Gareth’s eyes, she was hopeless.“Mrs. Wickam must be the mastermind. She has always stood up for me. Knowing these facts, she is understandably enraged. Seeking justice for me might be viewed as public exposure. With, what took place earlier, the police will now definitely be involved. This can’t be kept underground.”Rachel nodded, “Yes, there is a possibility. Mrs. Wickam has always been your secret ally.”The group discussed, “Liz, you’d better head back and rest. I’ll just end up worried if you don’t.”Rachel checked her watch, “Well, we are scheduled to stay here for an hour. Liz, it’s time. Let’s go back.” Elisa mumbled, “Then I’ll see you tomorrow.”“No, in a few more days. I’ll be discharged from the hospital then. You behave,” he grinned.Elisa rolled her eyes, “Very well.”Carle looked at her with endearment.With a farewell, Elisa and Rachel left.After going out, the two of them sat in the car together, and Rachel said awkwardly, “I didn’t expect to hide it in the end, but this… seems better?”“Just let it go.” Elisa turned her head and looked outside, thinking about Lin’s affairs.Rachel sighed and went home without saying anything.Now even after strapping their seatbelts, social media was blowing up again.Paparazzi had gotten hold of the tweet.—TMZ: ‘It’s hot! It’s getting spicy! The Benetts are in the hot seat with the Wickam family. Exclusive recording from the family!’—Daily News: ‘The Benett family: Are they traitors? The Wickam family was supposed to be the target of deception, but they presented proof as retaliation.’—Buzzfeed: ‘Is it the end for the Benetts? The tea is steaming. Do you think the Wickams are dragging in Elisa Benett?’Rachel was amused by the comments, “Look
at this one, Liz. Someone wrote that Gareth is finally realizing he’s been a huge fool. They claimed the man is regretting not getting you back.” She scrolled further, “Here’s another. Hah, it’s a meme. The caption just says ‘regret’ with his crying face.”
###chapter563
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 563
Elisa tried hard not to laugh.Rachel was unrelentless. She laughed aloud, “This man is just clowning at this point. Hey, do me a favor. If he ever starts begging you back, just slap him. Although, I’ll be behind you to capture that glorious moment on camera.”“You’re too much,” Elisa said. “This man is hopeless in finding a wife.” Rachel hollered.But what if he did?Don’t be ridiculous, Elisa.A smirk crept on Rachel’s smile, “To tell you the truth, I’ve noticed Gareth has been more attentive to you. No? Well, it was no better than before. He would just straight up ignore you.” She retouched her mascara, “Don’t worry, girl. You have all my attention.”“Well, there was a motive for his changed demeanor.” Elisa curled her lips. It was more believable to have Mr. Darcey being serious with her than presume Gareth was even remotely interested in her. Yet, even if he truly wanted to save her, she wasn’t against it. He did all this for his mother’s sake, of course.She will never allow herself to be his personal fool again. Elisa had had enough of her feelings being trampled by that heartless oaf.“Come on, Elisa. The Wickams and Benetts are finished. There won’t be any truce coming.” Rachel couldn’t help but remember her time in the hospital.“You know, when you were unconscious,” she sighed. “Gareth had ordered Jeremy Chase to visit you on his behalf.”Elisa stared blankly at the car window.Beneath all the white lies Rachel had told her, she knew her friend would tell her the truth when it counted.Gareth was one of those themes she would never lie about.Huh.She was aware of Gareth’s motivation, but his pride forbids him from acting in Rachel’s presence.Why is he doing this, then?Elisa appeared to be evaluating her actions for a short time frame.“Elisa,” Rachel called out.She spoke gravely, “Hypothetically, if Gareth were to reconcile with you, would you agree? Be honest with me.”Elisa pursed her lips, “Of course not. Why else would I be this determined to end all ties with him?”Rachel’s eyes sparkled with uncertainty and a tinge of concern.However, Elisa’s eyes were bright and clear, and she showed absolutely no signs of remorse. Her friend sighed, “It’s good if you’ll be decisive, Elisa. I’m afraid with your history with him will be clouded by your emotions again.” She tsked, “Don’t let that bastard play you like that again!”
###chapter564
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 564
Rachel showed evident disdain for her past lover.Elisa brushed her hair back to collect herself.She knew Rachel meant well, but her father probably told her to say that.Rachel sneered, “You have such a twisted sense about men. Guard your heart, Elisa Benett.”She looked over to the woman who was lost deep in her thoughts.Rachel declared, “Men are such dogs.” She lit her cigarette, “Why not we make a pact? If we don’t get married by our forties, let’s get married and adopt some youngins. At least we’ll be happy in our retirement.”Elisa chuckled, “You and your stupid ideas. I love it.”“Why did you agree to that quickly? Hah.” Rachel brushed away the cigarette ash, “There’s still hope for you yet, but me? I want to enjoy my life. Maybe hook up with as many hotties as I can before that happens.”“Since when were you such a tramp,” she smiled.“Hey, a girl got to have fun,” Rachel snickered. “although I haven’t had that kind of thing with a man, I’ve seen my fair share of pigs. You’ll naturally learn the order of things.”Rachel resumed scrolling Twitter with a childish grin.…Linda.Rose has now set aside everything and is wholly devoted to her daughter.Her daughter visibly lost weight even though she’s been coerced to eat her meals. Rose was seriously worried.She saw Linda sitting on the bed alone at this time, clutching a bowl of porridge in her hand. She muttered in distress, “Linda, honey, eat something. If you don’t, how will you recover?” With a spoon by her lips, Linda turned away. “I won’t. Stop.”Rose sighed, “Linda…”“Stop it all right! I won’t eat!”Noticing her unstable mood, her mother consoled, “All right, all right, let’s skip that.” She sat beside her daughter, “Then let’s talk.”Linda turned away and covered herself with the blanket.Rose could hear her muffled voice, “I want to be alone. Go away.”Her mother grew silent.She sighed and said nothing.Rose once again grabbed up her phone in a hopeful attempt to check the news.She had previously switched off her cell phone so as not to disturb her daughter at this time.She promptly muted the phone after discovering that there were several headlines being displayed.The mother glanced through the comments being read.Those Wickams! Unforgivable!Rose was so furious that her face was crimson, but she was worried that her daughter would learn about the situation as well. She immediately got up, took her daughter’s phone away, and quietly stated, ” Linda, you can go to bed now that you want to be alone. If you need anything, ring the bell at your
nightstand.”Rose stood by the bed and stared at Linda for a bit before leaving when she didn’t answer.She picked up her cell phone when it buzzed again. Her husband was calling.Norman was yelling on the line. He cried, “The police just called me! They’re about to arrest me!”
###chapter565
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 565
Rose went mad with anger, “That family keeps crossing the line!” 
Norman rasped, “How is Linda doing?” 
“She’s barely eating, or drinking. I took her phone when I saw the situation on Twitter.” 
“We have to defend ourselves!” 
“Be prepared at the police station. Do not agree or deny any of their statements until I get our lawyer.” She fidgeted, “Act calm. Don’t give in to the interrogators. Remember, you had nothing to do with that incident.” 
Norman replied, “You need to make preparations for Linda since the situation in our family is dire right now. I’ll plea for insanity. They’ll most likely transfer her to another hospital.” 
“Transfer?!” 
Rose was baffled by what her husband was insinuating. 
Norman insisted, “Linda is in no shape to defend herself in court. Her best chance is to plead for insanity and claim she is mentally ill. Besides, we can’t help her.” 
Rose took a deep breath. It was clearly stated on Twitter that this incident had something to do with Linda, but the police called Norman, so someone snitched. There was a traitor amongst him. 
Rose sighed, “Okay, I’ll prepare Linda right now.” It was too late to berate him with questions. 
The two hung up the phone, and Rose quickly gave the assistant the green light to complete the paperwork before she headed back to the ward.
Rose became agitated. She noticed that Linda had stood up and was frantically searching for her cell phone. 
” Linda, we’re transferring you to another hospital because this one is unable to improve your health for the time being.” 
Linda froze, “This is our own hospital, and it’s among the best in Bayswe. Where else can we go?” 
Her mother was unable to answer her question. 
Linda insisted, “Where is my mobile phone, did you take it away?” 
Her mother retorted, “You just said you want to rest. I’m afraid that the phone will disturb you. After all, you have not been in good spirits these past few days.” 
“Give it to me,” Linda demanded. 
Rose frowned slightly, “You pack up now. We are leaving the hospital, so we need to change into a set of clothes first.” 
“I’m not leaving. I’m staying here. I’m not comfortable transferring to another hospital, and I’m most certainly not mentally ill as you claim I am.” 
“So, you’re well?” Rose was about to reproach angrily but refrained. “How long are you going to have me stay with you? Don’t you know every minute I’m here is another chance for that family to worsen our reputation?” 
Rose turned crimson from the thought of it. 
Linda barked, “Give it to me! I want to know what they’ve said!”
Rose: “…” 
She paused for some time, thinking that handing Linda the phone would aggravate her but that delaying might force Linda to investigate further.
###chapter566
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 566
Linda knitted her brows. “If you don’t give me the phone, I’ll not agree to switch to another hospital.”Rose sighed in resignation and had no choice but to click into Twitter and open the picture the assistant sent to her. “See it for yourself, but please calm down. They can’t harm us with the evidence. Your dad is handling it already.”Linda didn’t hear what Rose said as she was focused on the phone screen.When she saw the lines of words, her body trembled uncontrollably.“Gareth Wickam! Gareth Wickam! Gareth Wickam!” Getting hot under the collar, she roared the last two words out furiously.Rose grabbed Linda’s hand immediately and urged, “Calm down, Linda!”Linda’s body was still trembling as she gripped the phone tightly. Tears streamed down her face uncontrollably.She teared up after becoming aware of the truth and stopped making a fuss thereafter. But at that moment, she had lost control of her emotions again.“Why?! Why?! I love him with all my heart; how could he do this to me?! He even wants to send me to prison! How could he treat me like this?! Gareth Wickam, how could you be this heartless?!”Linda continued shaking like a leaf as if she would become insane the next second.Her eyes became bloodshot and filled with intense hatred. Her heart was completely broken, being trampled on by the man.“Gareth Wickam! Gareth Wickam! Aghh!!!” Her hysterical screaming traveled throughout the hospital.Rose was worried sick. “Linda!”Linda took a deep breath and controlled her emotions before turning to Rose and asking, “Which hospital do you want me to transfer to?” Rose inhaled deeply and muttered, “The psychiatric hospital.”Linda let out a rueful laugh as she understood Rose’s meaning. Her father would handle the situation, but if things went wrong and the police insisted on arresting her, they could claim that she was afflicted with a mental disorder and deny all accusations with that excuse so that the authorities couldn’t declare her guilty.Nonetheless, Linda felt pathetic and sarcastic that she now had to feign madness.Linda laughed sarcastically.Rose was apprehensive, but she said firmly, “Linda, this is our only choice now. But don’t worry, I’ll surely avenge you for this matter! Even if we can’t defeat the Wickam family, we will damage them as much as possible!”Linda got up to change. She darted a glance at Rose and said, “We’re already clowns now. I even have to feign madness. If you indeed have a solution, I wouldn’t have to be in this state.”Rose
remained calm as she helped Linda put on her clothes and said firmly, “They’ve gotten their hands on the evidence. Moreover, it’s not the first time we have used this method. Since they’ve caught us tripping, we can’t possibly fight against the police. The best option is to help you get away before fighting against the Wickam family again. Don’t forget that we have an informant in the family. Besides, I’ve obtained a recording.”Linda’s hand paused midair as she turned to look at Rose. “What recording?”Rose kept her phone away and said in a deep voice, “Let’s go. I’ll tell you on the way.”This time, Linda remained silent. As soon as she got into the car with Rose and closed the door, her phone started ringing before the car moved.
###chapter567
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 567
There was a slight change in Linda’s expression when she saw the unknown incoming caller ID. Rose snatched the phone over immediately and said, “I’ll answer this call. The assistant has completed all the necessary procedures for you. If this call is from the police, I can put them off. But you have to remember that from now on, you’re one with mental illness.”Linda nodded, signaling that she understood.Rose nodded before answering the call. “Hi, I’m Linda Benett’s mother. May I know who’s on the line?”There was a slight pause at the other end of the line before the caller replied, “Hi Mrs. Bennett, I’m calling from the state police department. Regarding the pieces of evidence released by Wickam Group, the detectives have started investigating the case, and we need cooperation from Miss Linda Benett. Is she available?”Rose frowned and answered, “Mr. Detective, I’m sorry. My daughter has nothing to do with this matter at all. Besides, she’s afflicted with mental illness now, so I’ve arranged for her to transfer to another hospital. It’s not that we refuse to cooperate, but there’s not much we can help now, given her mental situation. If you don’t believe it, please come and verify in the hospital. You may contact me via WhatsApp, and I’ll send you the location.”The detective paused for a moment and said, “I see. Allow me to communicate with my superiors.”“Sure, thank you. This is a false accusation. I hope the authorities can emphasize investigating the Wickam family.”“Noted.”With that, the call ended. Rose turned to look at Linda. “Don’t worry, Linda. The troubles will eventually be smoothed away. No one can harm you! Even if they arrest me, I’ll not allow them to harm you.”The emotions in Linda’s eyes changed, but she remained silent with her fists clenched. She didn’t say anything because she refused to imagine what would follow next. At that moment, she was overwhelmed with hatred. She hated Gareth to the core! I treated him the best I could; how could he kick me in the teeth? I’ve never done him wrong from the beginning until the end. My love for him even exceeded that for my parents. How could he do this to me? Why, Gareth? Why?!Linda abhorred Gareth for his ruthlessness. Before this, he still pretended to be guilty and cared for me, but now… Ha!Linda closed her eyes as she tried to keep her shirt. Meanwhile, Rose texted her assistant.‘Continue spilling the tea!’In no time, it created a huge sensation on Twitter. The internet sensation was so impactful that
Twitter’s website almost went down, and it placed the technicians in despair. Oh, dear big shots, can’t you cease war already? We’ll burn ourselves out if these cracking scandals continue to overwhelm the website!With that, heated discussions burst out on the Internet.At the same time, Nicole saw the tweet posted by the Benett family and had heard the recording Rose mentioned. She could recognize that it was Darren’s voice in the recording.Sharon Turner, Nicole’s mother, looked at her with a smile and said, “How do you feel?”A faint blush appeared on Nicole’s cheeks. “Mom…”She was usually a calm and shrewd woman, but she involuntarily became more tender-hearted when it involved Gareth.Now that the recording was released, it was made aware to the public that Nicole was deeply in love with Gareth.The recording did not include any rejection from Gareth because if it did, it would make the Wickam family appear heartless. Nonetheless, Rose’s intention was exactly to project the ruthlessness of the family!Sharon lifted her hand to tuck Nicole’s hair behind her ears. Her grin widened as she said, “My daughter is outstanding, and our family background is in the same league as the Wickams. Moreover, now that you’re in Old Mr. Wickam’s favor, I believe you’ll marry into their family sooner or later.”Nicole flushed to the roots of her hair. “But I’m afraid that Gareth has yet to get over Elisa.”
###chapter568
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 568
Sharon’s smile stiffened as she gazed at her daughter in resignation. “Do you really like Gareth? After all, he’s a divorced man.”As much as Sharon approved of Gareth being her son-in-law, she was torn due to the fact that Gareth had had a divorce.However, Nicole was genuinely fond of Gareth, and the marriage between the two families would bring countless benefits. Not only that, the other family members were very supportive of Nicole marrying Gareth too. As such, Sharon was in a quandary because Nicole only had eyes for Gareth.Although Nicole was shy, her attitude was firm. “I don’t mind that he’s a divorced man. I don’t want to miss such an excellent man.”Sharon sighed and shook her head in exasperation.Nicole continued scrolling through Twitter for a while before putting down her phone. After hearing the recording, she became more determined about her goal.Perceiving Nicole’s attitude, Sharon gave in and said, “Alright then, I support you since you’re so fond of Gareth. Don’t worry too much about Elisa. It was her who brought up the divorce back then, and she’s now entangled with Will, so she’s unlikely to get back with Gareth, not to mention that Gareth won’t possibly accept a woman like her again.”Nicole frowned. Despite Sharon’s comment, she clearly remembered how Gareth anxiously brought Elisa away during the previous banquet. Besides, the two people had not completely cut ties with each other all this while…Worry flashed through Nicole’s eyes.…The sensation on Twitter continued for the next three days. The celebrities who attempted to ride on this incident’s coattail gave up eventually. Even some movies that were supposed to release during those few days changed their schedules. The Wickam family and the Benett family had completely turned against each other as they declared war. People who were associated with them started siding with either family. Eventually, ……Meanwhile, Gareth was gathering with Jeremy and Vincent in a high-class club.Vincent looked at the stone-faced Gareth and lifted his glass at him. “Your old man is going all out against the Benett family recently. I assume you consented to it?”Gareth wore a calm look and appeared indifferent while Jeremy laughed. “He’s the one who provided the evidence. He’s clearly supporting Old Mr. Wickam’s action, let alone consent to it.”Gareth clinked glasses with Vincent and replied nonchalantly, “The Benetts landed themselves in this situation. They’re not worthy of your sympathy.”“Bro, it seems
like you guys are getting narrow-minded this time. I’ve never seen the Wickams facing off with anyone. If things don’t go your way, you would directly get rid of your opponent. What are you actually going after this time?” Vincent asked with a cheeky smile while narrowing his eyes as he was clearly implying something.Jeremy, too, gazed at Gareth and asked calmly, “Are you pressing on the Benetts?”Gareth did not answer, which implied his acquiescence.Vincent narrowed his eyes and asked, “What’s your motive for pressing on them? Is it for the sake of Elisa’s previous proposal?”Gareth continued remaining silent and did not deny it.Jeremy wore a half-smile. “Is Elisa’s proposal really that amazing?”Vincent chuckled. “That’s not his real intention. Of course, he has to secure her first. Otherwise, she might collaborate with Will at any time, and the collaboration could go on for half a year. Haha! I reckon our gentleman here is getting jealous.”
###chapter569
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 569
Gareth shot a fierce glare at Vincent.The atmosphere in the room turned cold at once, but the two close friends were used to Gareth’s temperament, so they didn’t care at all and burst out in laughter.Vincent even teased Gareth fearlessly, “Why that glare? Are you guilty because I hit the bull’s-eye? Bro, you’re being a little too obvious. Although we grew up together since young, you can’t let me see through you so easily. Please be more mindful of me as a single. Anyway, you’re so obsessed with her, but she doesn’t seem to care about you.”As the old saying goes, a friend in need is a friend indeed; but the buddies found more joy in teasing each other and giving sarcastic comments.The atmosphere turned even colder as if they were in an igloo. Gareth’s frosty voice came forth. “I’ve never seen a proposal as brilliant as Elisa’s. I always make a clear distinction between private and public interests.”Vincent scoffed, “You’re just in denial.”Gareth glared at Vincent coldly and ignored him.Perceiving Gareth’s apathetic attitude, Jeremy narrowed his eyes and asked again, “Old Mr. Wickam plans to get you guys engaged. What’s your view? The recording is incomplete.”Anyone could discern that it was a partial recording that only recorded Darren’s comment, while comments from the other people were filtered. So, Jeremy guessed that Gareth definitely didn’t agree with the suggestion. Otherwise, Rose would release the complete recording unhesitantly.Before Gareth could reply, Vincent became amused and chimed in, “You don’t have to ask the obvious. Our dear Mr. Wickam has yet to get over that woman. Of course, he wouldn’t agree.”“Mind your own business.” Gareth’s expression turned more gloomy. Vincent’s eyelid twitched involuntarily. He turned to look at Gareth with a frown. “Come on, what do you expect me to do? I’m your bro, for goodness sake!”Gareth laughed out of irritation and blurted, “My bro?”“Yeah. I’m your bro who would risk my life for you, yet you harbor evil intentions toward me! How could you?!” The accusation in Vincent’s tone augmented toward the end of the sentence.Sitting aside, Jeremy laughed in spite of himself. Indeed, old habits die hard – Vincent would always babble away until Gareth taught him a lesson. In fact, the frequency of him teasing Gareth increased recently, but the latter had been tolerant toward him.“What are you laughing at? You’re gloating at me again, aren’t you?” Vincent knitted his brows and glanced at Jeremy in displeasure.Jeremy lifted his brows, “Just
laughing at your cuteness.”“What the heck?!” Vincent clammed up.Gareth looked at him coldly and said, “I need your help to handle some affairs in Ebros.”“D*mn it! I refuse to go! Can’t you go on your own? I’m a busy man too!”Vincent was upset and extremely reluctant, but Gareth gazed at him calmly and said, “I can only rest assured if you head over personally this time.”Vincent laughed. “So, are you begging me?”Gareth lifted his brows and did not answer, which signaled his acquiescence once again.Vincent was appeased immediately. “Alright then, since you begged me. I’ll run the errand for you; remember to reward me when I’m back!”“Thomas will send you the documents. I hope you can make it back safe and sound.”Vincent’s smile faded instantly as he stared at Gareth with his eyes widened. “What do you mean?!”
###chapter570
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 570
Jeremy snorted, “Come on, be more sensible!”If the task was indeed dangerous, Gareth would go on his own instead of asking Vincent.Only then did Vincent regain his composure, and he yelled, “What the heck?! I should unfriend you guys! All you do is fool me like a monkey!”Gareth smirked and took his wine glass to take a sip while Vincent flew off the handle and scowled at Gareth, “It serves you right – just stay single forever! You never care about others, yet you’re wishing for Elisa to fall for you again? In your dreams!”After saying that, Vincent stood up and pretended to go to the washroom as he was afraid of being rebuked by Gareth.Jeremy grinned amusedly while Gareth cast a cold glance at Vincent and had no intention of bothering him.After Vincent went to the washroom, Jeremy turned to face Gareth. “When do you plan to tackle them?”“Nothing much has happened yet, hasn’t it?” Gareth replied calmly as if he was unrelated to the matter.Jeremy lifted his brows and gave no response.Within these two days, the incident had fermented on the Internet. After the Wickams’ denial, the Benetts released more ‘evidence’ of Darren’s intention for Gareth and Nicole to get married.However, the Wickam family promptly made clarifications and was able to prove that all evidence was fabricated by Rose.As such, the Benetts’ several attempts to confront the Wickams resulted in the police’s more concentrated investigation of Linda. Nonetheless, the Benetts were not pushovers and had successfully deceived the public that Linda was indeed afflicted with mental illnesses such as depression and delusional disorder due to prolonged anxiety.Due to this incident, the Benett family was at the edge of a downfall.Will had asked Elisa privately if she needed help but was rejected by the latter. On the other hand, the Tabor family naturally wouldn’t lend the Benetts a hand, while other business owners who were associated with the Benett daily trimmed their sails. As such, no one was willing to collaborate with the Benett family.The executives of Benett Corporation were driven up the wall. They were not annoyed at Wickam Group but Norman and his family!In a meeting at Benett Corporation, everyone wore a sullen look. Even those who supported Norman were infuriated as their resentment toward Norman had reached its limit.Calvin, too, couldn’t take it anymore and questioned Norman in exasperation, “Mr. Chairman, regarding the incidents that happened these few days, why did you allow your wife to
confront Wickam Group directly without discussing it with us beforehand? Given the current situation, does Mrs. Bennett intend to continue kicking up a fuss about it?”Frowning, Norman answered solemnly, “After that incident, I’ve prohibited her from posting on Twitter.” Indeed, after the Wickams published their clarification, Rose was left with nothing to retort to them. So, she focused on disguising Linda as a person with a mental health condition as she was afraid that Linda would be sent to prison.Those who sided with James showed no mercy. The sharp-tongued Jessie stared at Norman and probed him coldly, “Back then, you didn’t obtain our consent before retorting the Wickams, which caused the company’s stocks to plummet and jeopardized the company’s profit. How are you going to save the situation? Are you able to compensate the losses, Mr. Chairman?”Norman’s expression turned ghastly.“At this point, we should think of ways to solve the situation instead of keep criticizing me. Let’s first focus on overcoming this plight before discussing what happened.”Jessie laughed out of her madness. “Plight? Now, besides apologizing to Wickam Group and reconciling with them, what other solutions do we have? You willfully went your own way and threatened to cease the collaboration with them. Look at how they handle the situation now!”
###chapter571
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 571
Norman was rendered speechless with a sullen look. At that moment, he had no words to defend himself.James looked at Norman indifferently and said, “Mr. Chairman, at this point, the best and only way is to bring your wife and apologize to Wickam Group.”No one opposed the suggestion – Norman had even lost support from those who used to side with him.During times like this, each one’s benefits came above everything else. Now that their benefits were at risk, Norman was nothing but a piece of trash.True enough, a shareholder who was once Norman’s ally spoke up coldly. “We wouldn’t be bothered if the opponent was an insignificant business, but it’s Wickam Group, our main collaboration partner and income source. If we lost them as a business partner, given the current situation, who else would dare to partner with our company? Anyone who collaborates with us would be going against Wickam Group!”Another person nodded in agreement. “He’s right. Although Darcey Group and Wickam Group are at daggers drawn too, Darcey Group has no business dealings with us. Neither will Tabor Group possibly collaborate with us. What other options do you have if you refuse to apologize to Wickam Group?”Norman’s face darkened even more. Of course, he knew that was the best solution now, but he had already spat those harsh words. It would be humiliating if he went to apologize to the Wickams now!Norman became more frustrated the more he thought about it. To make things worse, he couldn’t retort to the shareholders as he realized his mistakes too. Back then, he had not expected the Wickams to get back at him in the dark…D*mn it!Norman was exasperated being caught between a rock and a hard place. “Mr. Chairman, we have yet to get a response from you. Is it because you’re ashamed to apologize to the Wickams?” Jessie continued pinning Norman down.Finally, a shareholder who still chose to bootlick Norman said, “Miss Green, don’t you think you’re being too aggressive?”Jessie snorted. “I’m aggressive?”The shareholder replied, “Am I wrong? Mr. Chairman can’t possibly hope to sabotage the company. Put yourself in his shoes, would you be willing to lay down and surrender to the opponent?”Norman’s expression finally softened slightly, but James smiled and commented, “We are a company and a team. We should discuss things among ourselves before making any moves. Otherwise, the purpose of setting up a company will be defeated. It’s useless to
explain it away – one has to bear the consequences of his actions. Mr. Chairman, do you think there’s any problem with this principle?”At once, the sulky look restored on Norman’s face, and it was even more ghastly than before.“Mr. Chairman, you have been remaining silent since just now. Do you have any other comments?” Jessie glanced at Norman coldly. In fact, all the shareholders were annoyed at the family’s reckless actions this time, but due to Norman’s identity, they didn’t fall out with him directly.Norman took a deep breath and finally uttered, “Regarding the incident this time, I should have been more prudent. However, I hope you can understand my situation. After all, I’m a well-known businessman, yet the Wickams did such deeds to my daughter. If you were the parents, you couldn’t just let it go either, could you?”Norman made an emotional appeal. But alas, his family affair was none of the shareholders’ business, so they naturally wouldn’t empathize with him.
###chapter572
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 572
James said, “So, are you able to carry out the solution, Mr. Chairman? Since what has been done cannot be undone, we can only think of ways to save the situation. I believe you know when to yield and when not.”Norman was tongue-tied. These people are driving me to the corner!Jessie uttered calmly, “The meetup this time is extremely important. It might be hard for you to lay down your dignity and apologize to them, so I’ll accompany you to Wickam Group to negotiate with them.”From the surface, it seemed as if Jessie was looking out for Norman, but in fact, she intended to supervise him lest the negotiation was ruined again due to his ego.Surprisingly, the shareholders unanimously agreed to Jessie’s suggestion. Jessie was a core member of James’ allies, so her words carried weight.On the other hand, Norman’s allies were worried that Norman would back out, so it was desirable to have someone as sharp-tongued as Jessie to keep an eye on him.Norman asked with a darkened face, “Any ions?”There was no response. Everyone acquiesced to the proposal.Norman’s resentment was accentuated, but he still spoke up coldly, “Alright then. Miss Green and I will head over to Wickam Group three days later.”“Three days later?” Jessie scoffed. “Mr. Chairman, do you think we can afford to drag on another three days, given the current situation?”Norman was dumbfounded. He needed some time to be mentally prepared and observe the situation. If they were to go today directly, he would be utterly ashamed!James nodded in agreement. “Yeah, three days later is too late. Mr. Chairman, I suggest that you head over today. Jessie will contact Wickam Group.”Norman furrowed his brows. “You…!” James continued, “Mr. Chairman, you’ve already caused a great loss to the company due to the incident. All staff in Benett Corporation are awaiting a statement from you. Besides, we have to lay our dignity down in order to reconcile with Wickam Group. Don’t you think that you’re the biggest problem here? If the late chairman was around, we wouldn’t be in this state today.”Norman was so infuriated that he was at a loss for words. However, all this while, he had been portraying himself to be less capable than Elisa’s father. In the past, he would even deprecate himself to gain popularity. But now, he couldn’t refute it in any way due to his ego.Norman inhaled deeply as he knew he couldn’t possibly defend himself in this situation. Everyone stared at him and waited for his response.With his
face reddened, he uttered solemnly, “Go ahead and make the necessary arrangements, Miss Green.”“Sure.” Jessie nodded in satisfaction.Eventually, Norman had to give an explanation regarding the incident this time. However, due to his high self-esteem, he couldn’t possibly give an explanation for all that had happened now. So, he could only provide a statement after a period of cooling down. Meanwhile, everyone was focused on resolving the plight and didn’t bother to continue criticizing him.…Elisa was resting in her room when her phone rang all of a sudden.“Hi, Mr. Markee.” She picked up the call.James smiled gently and replied, “Hey Elisa, how are you feeling?”“I’m fine. Please don’t worry about me.” Elisa answered in a soft voice.James hummed in response and asked, “Is it convenient for you if I go over to visit you?”“Sure. I just hope I’m not interrupting your busy schedule.”“Not at all. I’d like to talk to you about some company affairs too. Can I have your address?”
###chapter573
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 573
“Of course. I’ll send it to you now.” With that, Elisa sent James her address via WhatsApp.James smiled and said, “Thanks. I’ll head over now.”“See you.”After hanging up the call, Elisa came out of the room to see Rachel getting up from her bed in the guest room. Obviously, she overheard the conversation just now.“What’s up? Is my uncle coming?”Elisa nodded. “He’s coming to visit me and discuss some matters of the company. I reckon the board meeting is over, and they’ve come to a decision.”“Tsk. I bet Norman is denounced this time. I can imagine how spectacular it is – the great chairman is criticized by majority shareholders! Norman’s look must be extremely gloomy!”Elisa smiled and made no comments. The two continued chatting for a while until James arrived with some fruits.Rachel received the fruits casually and seemed to be more comfortable. “Uncle James, half of the fruits you bought this time are my favorites!”James laughed out loud. “That’s great. I have no idea what your preference is, so I randomly picked some. I hope Elisa likes them too.”Elisa nodded with a smile. “I do, but you don’t have to bring gifts next time, Mr. Markee.”“Don’t mention it. Your body is still recovering. You need more nutritious food.”After having some small talk, the three sat on the couch. After asking Elisa about her health condition, James filled them in on the company’s affairs.Rachel burst into laughter and looked at Elisa. “I told you! Norman deserves collective criticism, but I feel they went easy on him. Some might still be mindful of his status.” “Yeah. After all, he’s the chairman of the corporation, so others might not dare to give many comments. Nevertheless, Norman’s status in the company is greatly affected, which is advantageous for us.”Elisa curled her lips and said nothing.Just then, Rachel had a sudden realization and gazed at James in shock. “Ah! Uncle James, you actually expected them to go after the Wickams at the beginning but purposely did not stop them, am I right?”James arched his brows and patted Rachel’s shoulder. “Ha! My niece is getting smarter.”“Hey, what do you mean? I’m always smart!” Rachel wore a proud look.James smiled and looked toward Elisa. “I’ve communicated with my people – we support you to snatch back the position of chairman, so we didn’t stop Norman and his family from making those stupid moves. Moreover, it is expected that Wickam Group would sooner or later end its partnership with us, so I’ve secretly set up a company
registered under my wife’s name. But it’s still at the initial stage and can’t completely split from Wickam Group for now.”Elisa was surprised. “I didn’t expect you to have already taken this step.”In fact, she was mulling over this matter the past few days too, but she needed time to set up a company privately.Before this, her plan was impeded for a long time because of her marriage to Gareth, so she didn’t want to waste more time now. Now that James had set up a company, it was a big help to Elisa as she could save a great deal of effort.James nodded with a smile. “Of course. Now that you’re back, I’ll transfer the ownership of this company to you so that you can manage it.”“No, Mr. Markee. Please continue handling this matter, and you don’t have to pass it on to me. That part is not my main focus yet.”
###chapter574
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 574
Elisa sounded very serious. After attempting to persuade Elisa for a while, James realized she had a point, so he stopped insisting and nodded. “Alright then, get busy with your agendas first.”Elisa smiled and did not elaborate further, but she seemed to be at ease. On the other hand, Rachel sat at the side and was flustered as she listened to their conversation. Am I too naive? Why can both of them always predict the situation while all I can do is to listen at the side like a fool?After quite a while, Rachel finally figured out what Elisa and James were talking about. As the two continued planning, she inhaled deeply and blurted, “Wait a minute, so you guys still plan to collaborate with Wickam Group? And you’re going to agree to Gareth’s conditions?”Elisa’s eyes fluttered as she remained silent while James nodded. “Yeah. Currently, our foundation is not strong enough, so we can’t break away from Wickam Group. Meanwhile, Wickam Group is keen on Elisa’s proposal. This is the only way to save our company temporarily.”“But… It seems like we’re at a disadvantage. We didn’t intend to partner with Gareth previously.”James smiled. “Not exactly. Norman’s reputation in the company is unfavorable, to begin with, but due to his identity and the shares he holds, we couldn’t pick on him much. The incident this time is his downfall, and his status is severely affected. During the meeting today, only one of his allies spoke up for him. You can imagine how this would facilitate Elisa’s comeback in the future.”Rachel’s eyes lit up at once. “Does this mean that Elisa will be able to establish her power soon?!” She squealed in excitement. “Yeah.” James beamed from ear to ear. He was very satisfied with the outcome of the incident.Elisa looked at James apologetically and mumbled, “Mr. Markee, this will cause you to lose out on many benefits…”James smiled and answered, “Not at all. If Norman continues leading the company, the company will only deteriorate more. Elisa, you inherited your father’s traits, and you’re even more capable than your father, so I believe our losses can be recovered after you become the leader of the company.”Her eyes were filled with complicated emotions as she nodded solemnly. “I promise to lead the company to success in the future.”James smiled in gratification. “I trust you. All of us trust you.”Elisa smiled. It felt great to be trusted, but at the same time, the responsibilities were on her shoulders.“Elisa, are you afraid?” Rachel stared at her concernedly.Elisa smiled. “Nope. I
won’t back out. I’ll continue on this path step by step.”“But… you’ll have to collaborate with Gareth next.”Elisa smiled with disdain flashing through her eyes. “If I don’t collaborate with him, he will terminate the partnership with Benett Corporation.”James nodded with a smile. “Yeah. After collaborating with Wickam Group for one more year, we can completely cut ties with them. I believe Wickam Group will agree to partner with us for a year, too, for the sake of your proposal.”Rachel was worried but still nodded in agreement.After hanging around for a while, James stood up and said, “It’s getting late now. I shall excuse myself first.”“Please wait.”
###chapter575
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 575
James looked toward Elisa in confusion. Elisa stood up and said, “Mr. Markee, it’s a rare opportunity for us to gather. Please stay for dinner.”“Haha. We can gather for a meal next time. You’re still recovering, and I told my wife I’ll be back for dinner today. Come to my place next time when you guys are free.”Rachel answered with a grin, “Sure. See you then, Uncle James. We shall catch up with you soon.”James caressed Rachel’s hair lovingly and said, “You cheeky girl, pick up as much as you can from Elisa, and don’t always loiter around.”“I’m very hardworking nowadays!” Rachel squealed proudly while lifting her arms. “Look at my muscles. I’m currently Elisa’s private bodyguard cum caretaker!”James laughed in spite of himself and shook his head in resignation. “Alright then, I shall take my leave first. Go to bed early, girls.”“Okay. See you, Uncle Mark!”With that, James left, leaving Elisa and Rachel in the house. Rachel gazed at Elisa with her eyes glistening. “Congratulations, Elisa! You can finally snatch Benett Corporation back!”Elisa wore a faint smile. “We still have a long way to go.”“What a bummer! You’re injured now. Otherwise, I would surely ask you to cook a feast and celebrate with Sheena and Carle.”Elisa chuckled. “Are you craving braised pork again? You can help me prepare the ingredients. I can cook.”Rachel shook her head. “Nah, let’s just rest. We’ll wait after you recover.”…The next day, Norman and Jessie headed to Wickam Group. Yesterday, Jessie contacted Thomas and was told that Gareth was only available today and had limited time. In other words, Thomas was reminding them to cherish this opportunity. Otherwise, Gareth might not be available to see them after today.After arriving at Wickam Group, they waited in the meeting room, but Gareth did not show up after some time. Norman’s face gradually darkened, and there were several times when he nearly threw a fit.In the past, due to his relationship with Linda, Gareth treated him with respect and addressed him cordially, but things were different now. Norman felt extremely humiliated to be given the cold shoulder. Doesn’t he think that cracking the whip like this is unnecessary and boring?!Jessie gave Norman a look but said nothing, which caused the latter to settle down. Now that Benett Corporation was in deep water, he had to admit his mistakes to Wickam Group.Norman took a deep breath and tried to keep his shirt on.Around half an hour later, the door was finally opened.
Norman and Jessie glanced toward the entrance to see Thomas standing at the door. The latter nodded to them with a smile and stood aside. The next second, a tall figure appeared in front of the two. Gareth’s cold and hostile look was formidable, and Norman’s anger was dismissed at once when he perceived Gareth’s imposing manner.All his bitterness vanished completely! His courage was lost when faced with Gareth, let alone his firm attitude during the previous gathering.He instinctively stood up with Jessie, who smiled at Gareth and greeted him. “Good afternoon, Mr. Wickam.”Gareth nodded at Jessie and sat down on the couch without sparing a glance at Norman. “I have only limited time.” He blurted coldly.
###chapter576
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 576
He spoke in a frigid tone, and despite the calmness of his gaze, there was a hint of contempt. The woman did not dare look him in the eye.Jessie nodded, “Yes, we shouldn’t have disturbed you, but… Linda’s actions were excessive in this case, and we shouldn’t have involved Mr. Wickam just now.” She took a step forward, “No, I came here with the chairman to make peace with you, and I sincerely hope you won’t brush things off. Do not ignore us.”Jessie had the disposition for using foul language, but she held her tongue in Gareth’s presence.Norman turned a shade paler. It was best he didn’t butt in during their conversation.Nevertheless, he had already made his point when he arrived here today. Jessie spoke, but he didn’t disclose his opinion on the matter. However, the older man was prepared to provide an apology.But…Norman has made a wrong assumption about Gareth.The man before him was prideful and showed no attention to their appeal.I can’t accept this kind of behavior. He’s human, just like the rest of us.Gareth looked indifferently at Jessie, “Initially, your firm suggested ending the cooperation.” He adjusted his cuffs, “But, now that it has been made public, continuing to collaborate may seem… pointless.” Norman refuted, “Meaningless? How could it be meaningless? Think about Linda!”Jessie rebutted, “Mr. Benett resisted expressing anything,” His advocate took a breath, “But, deep down, he still wishes to work hand in hand.” Jessie sighed, “Additionally, it is Mr. Benett at fault here. Please give Mrs. Benett a chance; she stands separate from his actions. Sir, what do you say?”Jessie turned to Norman Benett.Norman simpered, “Gareth…”The man gave the elder a cold glare. Mr. Benett then changed his approach, “I acknowledge my grave mistakes in the past and my wife’s carelessness. Please, if you find somewhere in your good graces, let bygones be bygones…”.Norman trailed his words at the end.He found it difficult to admit it.Gareth turned away from Jessie and fixed his harsh gaze on Norman.Norman and Jessie exchanged glances. The party was uneasy from the demeanor.Jessie decided to push through, “Mr. Wickam, I know your company has been affected greatly, but we’re here to redeem ourselves. We hope to compensate in some way the damage this family has made.”Gareth lowered his gaze and remained silent.Norman, on the other hand, was seeing red.To be treated like this by some kid!I’m livid!
###chapter577
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 577
He eventually spoke once more while Jessie watched him, “Mr. Wickam, I was the one who went too far this time. I… I’m truly sorry for what has happened.” The elder cusped his hands, “In doing so, I hope you pardon Linda.”Norman lowered his gaze.The father was controlling his growing wrath with his stakeholder.Gareth replied calmly as he sent a disinterested glance, “We can cooperate, but there will be conditions imposed.”Jessie quickly expressed her gratitude, “Thank you, Sir. Do name them.”Norman bowed slightly while not intending to add any opinions over the matter.Gareth stated firmly, “Firstly, revenue. Wickam’s income will increase by 10%, and the time limit is tentatively set for one year to achieve this.” The steely-eyed man raised two fingers, “Secondly, Elisa will be the sole project manager to endeavor this strategy. Under the watch of the Wickam’s, of course.”Norman,”!!!”This was mentioned during the previous meeting.Even though they have a lengthy history of working together, business matters might sometimes fray some nerves.Nobody can sever their differed agendas.What if Gareth had predicted that this is the Benett Group’s most significant concession?Knowing the man, he knew that Norman would stand opposed to Elisa out of a sea of people. He knew Elisa would stand to gain with the Wickam’s.Yet…The Wickam’s score a loss in their books. Elisa stands as a recoup between forgiven transgressions and mislaying strategies. The fire from the onslaught of public hatred has changed the game. With the possibility of confronting Elisa, Jessie and Norman waved a white flag. They’ve gained a chance for redemption, and they can’t risk having her on their wrong side. Norman’s exponent observed him and paused. The truth stands that she has no power over the matter.Norman breathed a sigh and nodded, “Alright, young man. You have my utmost gratitude for giving my wife a chance!”The deadline was tentatively established —one year. The Wickam’s were advised to follow the strategy for at least a year or more. While that was happening, they had to find ways to convince Mrs. Wickam of her forgiveness and be open to a continuing partnership.So…I’m bounded by these circumstances.Jessie dispensed a sigh of relief. With that note, Gareth calmly declared, “Thomas, you will head to Linda’s and finalize these two conditions. If there is nothing else, this meeting is adjourned.”The man was not one to idle his time, so he would
dismiss individuals when he decided there was nothing else to say.Obediently, Norman and Jessie said their farewells and departed.The moment they were seated in the car, Norman exploded. The elder flung his hands, “Are you satisfied?”Jessie glared at him, “Do not point your finger at me! I did what I could to salvage the situation!” She lighted a cigarette, “Instead of acting like a complete buffoon, I negotiated. You absolute moron.”“Jessie Green! Have some respect!”“Respect?” The lady scoffed, “Respect is a two-way street, my friend. Why are you acting like you hold the sole authority over your precious company? She tossed away her high heels, “But you have one thing right, everyone will shun the Benett Group, for now. Accepting your actions in the company’s downfall is the first step. Next is to come to terms with what 10% means for the company, and Elisa.”
###chapter578
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 578
With Jessie’s icy gaze, the elder complained intelligibly in the back seat.Norman soon became silent when he realized his futile attempt to correct the situation.Jessie ignored him and focused on driving them back to the company.Thankfully, everyone in the company continued to collaborate despite the 10% change. Gareth decided the amount with faith in Elisa’s reliable strategy. The staff of the company together breathed a sigh of relief over the new plan. The new decree suggests that the former business arrangement with Wickam’s is still in place.After discussion, Mr. Markee pulled out his phone to provide Elisa with the news.Rachel announced her suspicions, “Aren’t the demands from the Benett Group quite specific? Why did they agree?”Elisa shrugged, “Are you sure the Benett Group guessed correctly?”With doubts in her eyes, Rachel glanced at Elisa uneasily, “What do you mean?”The woman bit her lip, “Gareth trusts in my plan. They have their own business, but it can take some time until the necessary technology is available.” Elisa conceded, “At least according to Mr. Markee, we have the high ground. Everyone in the group knows this, but Norman’s group is powerless to do anything about it.”Rachel was still confused. “Correct, but what does their speculation have to do with this?”Elisa grinned. She tapped on Rachel’s forehead, “Use your brain, love. It’s established that Gareth has a leash over the Benett’s, but someone else steers the ship.” She patted her hand, “We will hear from Mrs. Wickam over the matter. There are hidden terms that will be revealed.” Rachel’s eyes widened, “Oh! Now I get it. That Mrs. Wickam is crafty.”“Supply and demand. How will the world function without it?” Elisa grinned.Her confidante smirked, “Smart-ass! But then again, Aunt Rose should be able to discern the family’s next course of action. Mrs. Wickam knows this, right?”Elisa sighed, “It’s hard to figure out the next step since they know Mrs. Wickam is pulling the strings. They will find some way to gain back her good graces.”Rachel popped a gum in her mouth, “Well, if I were you, I would find your illusive spy.” She bit her lip, “Gareth knowing what we know is dangerous.”“We’ll find that snitch soon enough.”She nodded, “You’ve gained some power, but life would be easier if there were no big honcho after your head. You ever think of that?”Elisa mumbled, “Perhaps you can accompany me to see someone right now.”“Huh? Who?”…The Mental hospital.Elisa and Rachel drove for an hour and a half
before reaching the isolated area.“Linda.” Rachel whispered, “It’s her. I guess Linda can call it home at this point.”Elisa conceded, “Let’s go in.”Rachel eyed her, “Explain to me why you want to visit this tramp? You have the privilege of not seeing her.” Her companion groaned, “Well? Are you gaining evidence of something? Meeting her will be a guaranteed show of a mad woman. And we both know she is a terrible actress.”
###chapter579
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 579
Elisa tightened her lip, “Rachel, I would just like to see my cousin. That’s all~”Rachel sneered, “You’re hiding something, you minx.”Elisa quipped, “All right. Let’s go.”Rachel followed her with a smug look.… In the ward, Norman was seen accompanying his daughter.Aunt Rose remained with her daughter all the time because she was worried that her daughter would do something foolish. She had little trust in a mental health facility.As the father arrived to deliver the news, both mother and daughter shared a bitter expression.Linda, who had remained silent the whole time, spoke out. She seemed to lose her patience, “Why! Why did you let Elisa go? What if she comes around and betrays us?”Rose hissed, “You can’t give Elisa the upper hand. Do you know what happened the last time?”Norman laughed, “This is your doing! You’re the reason of our downfall! Now you have the nerve to place demands?”Norman initially visited to rant at Rose. Things got out of hand because this woman acted irrationally and made countless foolish decisions. Wickam has been gracious over our plea, but why? Rose frowned, “And I have to be the scapegoat for all this?!”“If it weren’t for your loose mouth flapping all over social media, the Wickam’s wouldn’t have come for our necks! Do you deny having not caused all that?” The old man rubbed his temple, “I can’t believe I fell for your words. ‘Don’t worry, I have a plan’, no you did not! Linda’s position has deteriorated from your selfish interests!” “Interests! Interests! In your eyes, you are the one who only sees interests!” Rose Meek was enraged. She had first intended to control herself in front of her daughter, but as she caught a glimpse of Norman Benett’s disgusted expression toward her, she started to unhinge.“Now, shouldn’t my daughter’s happiness take precedence over your interests? And now, we have succeeded in salvaging the situation. Elisa being in charge is what we must resort with.” The elder took a seat, “She’s not a person to mess around with Rose. She’s tenacious, not to mention invincible with her supporters. Can’t you realize what this has led to?”The man threw a fit, “This is utter nonsense! In this situation, do you think I really have a choice?! Now everyone in the company is praying for my downfall! What else can I do?”Linda cried, “You could have done something to prevent that wench with Gareth! No!”Rose glared at Norman, “I know you’re in a stalemate, but you have to think about the consequences. Now…”“Forget it! It’s too
late!” The elder folded his arm, “My position in the organization is precarious enough. I will eventually be fired if Elisa’s strategy can’t work with Wickam’s plan anymore. You are aware of how many individuals our actions have offended? If not for my position in the company, they would have me staked!”Everyone turned silent.I am aware what Norman said is true; but if we’re not careful, having this little power left will attract sharks in the water.But now, the parties are not in agreement!Linda pursed her lips, “How long will it take for those two to cooperate?”Norman said with a sullen face, “This matter depends on how Mrs. Wickam. After all, she is our main philanthropist.”
###chapter580
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 580
Right after they’ve closed the argument, Rose’s cell phone rang.It was her assistant on the line.“Ma’am, it’s Elisa. She brought over her friend and wants to see you.”Rose was about to curse on the phone.“Figures. Let them in.”“Yes ma’am.”The father and daughter overheard the conversation and shared a grim expression.Linda glared at her mother.“Why did you let that b*tch in?!” The bedridden lady huffed, “The last thing I want to do is see her.”“I’m not going to hide my distaste for her,” cried Linda. Elisa has branded her a pariah on the internet, with her antics to harm the woman.The police are unable to draw conclusive evidence over the committed murder, but everyone online believes she attempted to kill Elisa.They took advantage of Linda’s condition and based a lie online about her acute depression and neurological issues. Knowing it is not practical for Rose Meek and Norman to make a statement in the media, they decided to shield themselves with this publicity stunt.To top off the damage, the Wickam’s have deemed her as ‘ungrateful, and selfish’. This does not help Linda’s case in diminishing her anger towards her unwelcomed visitor.She’s indisputably peeved.Rose had to stare her child off from acting upon her anger. She was equally uncomfortable over the newfound situation.“Linda, bear with me. Your mother will try to resolve things quickly with our visitors.” Norman growled, “Why is she here?”With the police having limited proof that she was involved with the case, Linda is wary of Elisa’s reasoning for a visit. She acknowledges that Elisa is cunning enough to elicit evidence out of them. If not, the woman could be hounding their allies. What other agenda is there? Rose huffed, “We must cooperate as a family. Stay resilient.”The room became quiet. The silence coaxed strong emotions within Linda.Her assailant has aces up her sleeve. She can’t afford to be careless from now on.A knock on the door dispensed the silence.The people in the room halted in their brooding as the mother stood up to answer the door.Seeing Rachel with her, Linda forced a smile. “You guys are here.”With the growing suspicion of being recorded, they were mindful of their mannerism.Linda was more cautious as she didn’t wish to be burned twice by her antics.Elisa nodded, “I heard that Linda’s condition was turning serious, so I dropped by to visit.”Linda lowered her head to stifle her hate.To avoid Elisa’s scrutiny, she looked down and paid no mind.I can’t deal with this woman
right now. If she keeps staring at me, I might strangle her on sight.Rose sighed, “Your cousin is alright. Her condition hasn’t improved, and we don’t know when she will recover.”Elisa nodded, “What did the doctors say?”Rose gave a helpless look, “The doctors are trying their best to treat her, but in this case, it still depends on how willing her psyche is.” She sighed, “Maybe you convince her.”
###chapter581
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 581
Elisa pursed her lips, and Rachel glared at the bedded patient. We know you’re lying.“Well… I’m not qualified to help. She’s young, but her future seems uncertain…”The visitor sat down on the chair next to Linda’s bed. She folded her arms and became tight-lipped. “Linda,” she called out.Is she recording? She could but having all the ample proof of her condition seems redundant.However, Gareth was the one who made the tape public. Elisa similarly received on her reputation.She felt Elisa’s scrutinizing gaze. The patient restrained her emotions from spilling out.Elisa smiled, “In the end, we alone are responsible for our choices, and the consequences that follow.”The Benett’s were not happy with that remark.Linda made a valiant effort to remain silent.Rose would not stand idly by as she made a fool of her daughter. “Elisa, Linda cannot tolerate any visits at the moment,” Rose declared.Elisa turned to the mother, “Why?” She smirked, “You want to shield her from cold hard truths? Like, lie about how much dearest Gareth still intends to marry her?”Rose Meek: “…You’re upsetting her.”Elisa nodded, “Accepting your situation is good, you know? Sooner or later, she’ll have to recognize how hopeless it all is.”The mother was visibly upset, “You… Elisa, I told you…” Elisa interrupted the enraged woman.She directed her statement toward the in-house patient.“Gareth is a player. You of all people should know this, with how he treats his women.” She whispered, “Do you really believe that you’re special? You’re an exception to his little games?”“The only reason he stuck around was guilt.” She eyed her with a grin, “Now that he’s free of that obligation, what makes you think he’ll even think about you?”Linda: !!!The b*tch!Harassing me with nasty words!This is why she’s here!Did I antagonize her enough?Linda wouldn’t allow Elisa the satisfaction.With steadied her breath and composed herself.Elisa affirmed, “Linda, why obsess over someone who treats you like trash? He’ll dump you like a sad, disposable Styrofoam cup.” The woman leered, “Don’t you even feel shame for yourself? It’s almost tragic how little self-respect you have for yourself. You love someone who won’t even miss you, or look twice, when you’ve landed yourself in the loony bin. Admit it, you’re disposable.”Rachel was having the time of her life with the pot being stirred. If it weren’t for the grave looks from the Benett’s, she would have busted out laughing.Elisa, you devil! Harsh, but I’m sure Linda is itching to say
something.“Elisa, enough,” said the provoked mother. “Any more out of you, and I’ll call the staff to escort you out.”
###chapter582
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 582
Having this much audacity to abuse my daughter with words!I won’t tolerate such a cruel manner!Elisa peeled her gaze from Linda and glared at Mrs. Benett.“Aunt Rose, you’ve caused my dear cousin to land in this tragic state. With your position, how can you upkeep her demanding situation? Time, empathy, money…Things you’re currently dwindling.”“You…!” Rose held her tongue. Her public perception is bad enough, she didn’t need Elisa having a hold of another scandalous recording. It would solidify her as the villain for good.Curse you!This b*tch!The father who bore witness to Elisa’s antics remained silent throughout the exchange. He broke that silence, “You’re here, so you can listen to what I have to say.”Elisa anticipated what that elder would say, “Go on.”Norman informed calmly, “The company’s affairs have been decided, and you will now be responsible for Wickam’s next project. The Wickam Group will determine the commencement date.Rage surged over Linda. She could hardly believe how Gareth was willing to collaborate with a woman he had divorced.The divorcee raised her brow, “Dear cousin, it’s best to admit defeat and cover your losses. It’ll do you good.” She leaned back in the chair, “Look at me. I’m happy as an elf.”Linda,”!!!”What does she want?! Is it some way to stroke her ego? Is it to rub in her face that Gareth is siding her? What if they possibly end back together?This tramp! An absolute wench!Linda was now plotting on becoming Elisa’s biggest adversary.Elisa grew tired of provoking her cousin. She turned to her father and replied, “Mr. Benett, I will naturally cooperate with the company’s affairs, but you can make arrangements based on my current performance. ” Norman: …In a short period, Elisa completed five projects. Although they were simple and entertaining, she needed help to advance. Eventually, she was given a promotion; otherwise, the business would have become a laughing stock.Norman Benett could not refuse the proposal.He spoke indifferently, “After you and Gareth have dealt with matters of cooperation, we can arrange this.”Elisa drawled, “By the way, that little conversation you had with my cousin earlier? You should keep it under wraps.” The lady crossed her legs, “Exposing that kind of information will have you targeted by competitors. With you having firsthand experience on the company’s current situation, have you considered your approach to displaying this toward the public eye?”“But, if you decide to leave, I can understand your
current strategy. This is just a little advice as a niece to you, a fellow board chairman. All in all, you have the final say on how to go around your little predicament. ”Norman: !!!Elisa Benett!With her silver tongue, I ought to have been more ready. The fact that she could say this earnestly makes me sick.Norman did not intend to admit nor deny any factual evidence. He genuinely had no interest in speaking with Elisa. “Are there any other matters to discuss?”Rose and Linda both lacked the confidence to strike up a discussion with the whistleblower. The concern about being caught on camera persisted. Linda continued exploiting her alleged despondency.Elisa chuckled as she observed the three members of the household. “That will be all. Honestly, I came to see how cousin dearest is doing,” she replied. “Seeing her current condition, I’m worried that she will find this place as her new permanent residence.”
###chapter583
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 583
Linda’s pupils visibly dilated. She hung her head slightly.Elisa anticipated the reaction and looked indifferently at her.Elisa mocked, “I’ll be pleased to assist you if my cousin wants to be that self- deprecating.”There was a tinge of disappointment in Elisa’s tone. The remark did not play well with the Benett’s.So, this is what she perceives!Elisa made it her mission to have Linda spend the rest of her life in this mental institute.Rose made a bitter expression. She breathed, “Elisa Benett, how could you utter such a thing? She is your sister!”“Strong prey on the weak because that is how the world is. You will be discarded if you lack any abilities. Why is my cousin unhappy if she is exemplary? Why not exemplify her? Sad and depressed.” She smiled sickly to her aunt, “Being disillusioned to conserve what little happiness she pretends to have.”She turned to her cousin, “So, dearest cousin, don’t let me down.” Elisa whispered, “Otherwise, one day, when you slip up, everyone will see right through your cracks…”Linda had her hands clenched under the quilts.I’m going to kill this b*tch.To not expose her anger, she lowered her gaze.“Do I detect some anger?” Rachel’s eyes flickered with excitement.Elisa smiled, “That seemed to rile you up. You’re so pathetic.” Linda: !!!Ah!B*tch!The mother cried indignantly, “Stop provoking your cousin!” She walked over to soothe her daughter, “Linda may have closed herself, but she still has eyes and ears like the rest of us. Stop claiming there was a reaction!”Elisa smiled, “Alright, I won’t bother you. I’ll take my leave.” She got up, “Uncle, as for the company’s affairs, I’ll execute the arrangement when you give the green light.”Norman’s expression darkened but remained stoic.The father was unable to rebuke the visitor.The moment the two tyrants left; Linda cried. She smashed items off the coffee table.Even in her fit of rage, she dared not scream.The people nearby would grow suspicious. The mayhem heard in the room gave the impression that the parents were venting their anger to one another.The parents remained silent but wished Linda would restrain herself.Linda mumbled under her breath, “She’ll never earn my forgiveness.”The patient collapsed on the rubble she had created.Behind closed doors, at least, Linda could release her rage.The parents did not anticipate the barrage of insults Elisa had prepared.What if she continues her exploits in the future?Her mother spoke gravely, “Put aside the matter. There is only
one way I can think of to put it, Linda. Perhaps there will be more instances like this in the future, and Elisa will show up to provoke you.”
###chapter584
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 584
Linda sobbed, “I know! But she plays dirty!”She acknowledged Elisa could help her avoid being questioned by the police.Because she has profound bitterness—even resentment from the depths of her heart—for this woman.She can only regulate her emotions to a certain extent.“I’ll deal with her sooner or later,” Norman vowed with enraged eyes.Rose Meek glanced at him momentarily but said nothing. Now that she’s an adult, Elisa has led to ruin, and they always cave in. How do I go from here?…The duo laughed as they got into their car, “Elisa, the audacity! You could have killed me! I almost died laughing!”Elisa shrugged, “If she slips, the police will definitely hound her.”“So, do we continue to monitor her? How long will she act insane?”“How can she?” Elisa sneered, “Exploiting legal loopholes is inevitable, and because she is now doing well. If there’s any consolation, it’s better than ending in jail straight away.”Rachel grinned, “Why not invite a whole party to her ward? That’ll be fun.”Elisa smirked, “Let’s go back.”“By the way, about that whole visit,” implored Rachel. “You just needed your uncle to give you that promotion?” “Was it that obvious?”Rachel: “…”That must not be it. There must be another ulterior motive.“So, will you tell me?”Elisa smiled, “Not yet.”Rachel is obviously unaware of another secret agenda, and Elisa doesn’t want to make her worry about it.Rachel nodded, “Well, it’s accomplished. Norman will hand you that promotion soon!”Elisa shrugged and she wore her seatbelt.Suddenly, her cell rang. She took her phone out of her pocket and was surprised.Rachel prompted, “What’s wrong?”The friend did not recognize the caller ID.Elisa shook her head, “It’s all good.”Elisa picked up the call.“Mr. Darcey.”The man sighed, “You’re always putting up a professional front.”Elisa paused. Will whispered, “I’m back.”Elisa grinned, “That’s great news.”“Is it convenient to meet now?”“Don’t you need rest?”Will Darcey smiled, “Seeing you is better than any rest.”Elisa’s lips were pursed. Sooner or later, the Darcey Group will demand an explanation for the cooperation with the Wickam’s. She cannot turn Will Darcey against her but will eventually have to disclose her new alliance.
###chapter585
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 585
Elisa jested, “Where are you right now?”She heard the wheels of luggage, “Just got off the airport nearby you. You can wait for me to get to you.”Will Darcey would be aware of how the issue has evolved, but he has never intervened out of respect for her. Elisa is grateful for Will.Will’s intervention may have completely changed the course of events. or those who were impeded would not be able to succeed.“Alright.”With that, the two hung up.Rachel tutted, “Look at you, with Mr. Charming~”Elisa smacked her, “What goes on in your head every day?”“Babes, I get your whole thing is staying professional, but come on,” complained Rachel. “Will is an attractive man! He’s powerful, rich, and on par with your standards. He’s like, the crème de la crème of rich, hot man.”Elisa sighed, “Can we focus first on finding a rendezvous point? We need to pick a restaurant.”“Alright, alright,” quibbled Rachel. “But I’m leaving you both to it. I’ll find some other private area so you both can…discuss.”“No, you’re definitely joining.”Rachel said gravely, “We both know you have serious matters to discuss with him. I can take care of myself thank you very much. I’ll pick you up when you’re done.”There was no changing her mind, so Elisa gave a prompt nod.Elisa texted Will Darcey directions to a restaurant with private lounging. As the pair entered the restaurant, Rachel scurried to another room. “I’ll be at the bar if you need me. Call me if you need anything deary.”Elisa waved and watched Rachel head to the bartender.Within half an hour, Will appeared.He looked around for her counterpart, “Miss Markee isn’t here?”“She didn’t want to intrude on our conversation, so she waited for me next door.”Elisa was comfortable to disclose her whereabouts with Will.Elisa ordered some drinks to pair with the present meals.Will went ahead to freshen up before drinks were served. He saw Elisa’s change in weight as he reclined on his chair. “You’ve gotten thinner. Are you recovering well?”Elisa nodded, “Yes, don’t worry about it.”Will Darcey frowned, “What are you going to do with the Benett family?”“Patience is a virtue,” answered Elisa. Her cryptic words worried Will.Will implored, “If you ever need help, I’m just a call away. You’re never alone in this.”Elisa rubbed her hands, “You’ve been keeping your hands clean over this drama, but I take you are aware of the new cooperation between the Benett’s and Wickam’s…”She paused to observe Will’s reaction.Will stared deeply, “Benett.”Elisa pursed her lips, dreading his
response.Will sighed, “What should I do with you?”He sounded like a mother, doting but stressed.Elisa was hesitant to answer the man in front of her.
###chapter586
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 586
“Elisa, do you know why the Wickam’s were onboard with your plan?”Elisa pursed her lips, “I know.”Will passed her a fork, “Elisa Benett, you are your own greatest enemy.” He chewed on his steak, “I am willing to help, but it’s for your own safety to stay away from Gareth.”Elisa reassured, “You won’t have to worry about that.” She sliced her steak, “There’s no possibility of that happening.”Will maintained his soft smile, but there was a new intensity in his eyes. Strangers would have found it intimidating.Elisa was the outlier in this statistic.Rachel who was busy with her martini, downed her next glass. The atmosphere turned cold, which the woman found intriguing.…Will’s eyes darkened but he remained silent.Elisa sensed his threatening aura, “Gareth and I are done. That being said, I hope to maintain our friendship.”Will churned the word, “Friendship.”The man returned a shallow smile, “We made such progress.”He turned with a sullen tone.If Rachel were there, she would consider this man to be charming.Elisa’s eyes moved, and she stared at him, “I’m sorry about what happened this time.”“Actually, it can be compensated.” His eyes were fixated on the woman in front of him. He remarked softly, “We can come up with another idea now that you forced me to forsake our collaboration. What do you think?”That sounds risky.But Will Darcey feels that Elisa was vital because of her expertise and skills.Besides, that’s the only way to be bound with her.Elisa’s gaze shifted as if she were considering something.Will smiled, “I don’t require a special strategy from you. We carry it out on our own, and we can still allow the Benett and Darcey group to work together.”“Are you serious?”“Of course.” Will acknowledged the space Elisa needed.He just recently said that he wouldn’t allow the resurgence of their previous connection. He seemed like he was going to cause problems, with Gareth in the picture.But it now appears that this is untrue.Or does he intend to cease bringing it up in the future and will do so for the time being?She remained silent.Will sighed, “Hey, I know you need someone to back you for the sake of the Benett Corporation. You had no choice.” He adjusted his napkin under the table, “Therefore, I refuse to stop you. However, if you give me a personal guarantee in leaving Gareth out of the picture, I won’t disturb your business.”Will’s tone was drawn out. Slow but strategic.Elisa breathed a sigh of relief, “Yes, Gareth and I have permanently ended ties with one
another.” She stared at her steak, “But Will, you and I are friends.”She would have to draw a line eventually.
###chapter587
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 587
Elisa never liked leading on a man. It wasn’t her character.“Well, I know.” Will smiled as if relieved by her confession.He will always be Mr. Darcey to her.Elisa sighed a little, wondering what he was thinking. However, what he had just stated was apparent; if he had stressed it further, it would be wrong.She dropped the subject, “As for the plan, I will come up with one within ten days. When do you want to put what you demand into practice?”“Implementation can wait until you are free. It needs to be kept a secret because it’s a significant investment. I don’t want anyone to sabotage our covert pact.”Gareth can never know.Elisa didn’t have disagreements, “Alright, but Gareth must collaborate with me. Possibly, more than you would like.”“Well, I know you need to look at the arrangement. As for the Darcey Group, would you like to have some intel? Elisa, you should never underestimate your value.”Elisa said without thinking, “No, I’m not looking to pry. Your business is your company’s trade secrets. You can text me with updates.”She had thought things through and figured Will Darcey may have taken precautions.Elisa was still digesting the fact of Will’s feelings for her. Will nodded, “Hey, let’s finish eating.”Elisa paused and sent Rachel a brief message.——Elisa: 【Did you order something to eat? 】——Rachel: 【Yes, don’t worry! 】Later, Rachel shared a photo with the food on her table visible in the backdrop.Elisa put down her phone, picked up her utensils, and ate.Will would occasionally pass her condiments when requested. He spoke softly, “Although you are free to roam, you still must be careful out there. The Benett’s are not to be trifled with at this moment. I’ll send people to guard your safety. You don’t have to worry about them intruding on your privacy.”“No, I took care of them myself. That won’t be necessary.”“When animals are cornered, even herbivores will attack. That family is more vicious than animals.” Will didn’t add any more comments not to upset Elisa.Elisa shook her head, “No, I’m safe. Besides, who do you think has the upper hand now?”Will chuckled, “It seems you have already made up your mind.”Elisa smiled.In a sensible move, he stopped asking further questions about her family.The two people ate quietly. Elisa felt much more at ease than before, despite maintaining her poise around Will. Similarly, the friend could drop his guard knowing they were on the same team.When they finished eating, a phone rang.
###chapter588
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 588
Elisa paused.It was Will’s phone.Will excused himself and picked up the call.“What’s up.”“Mr. Darcey, Ms. Morgan came to the company to look for you. You’ll be interested in the current business proposal.”Elisa overhead ‘Ms. Morgan’ and knew who that was instant.Miss Savannah, Savannah Morgan.The Morgan Corporation is relatively well-known in the city. Although they were not as prominent as the Darcey’s, they undoubtedly surpassed the Benett’s in terms of ingenuity.She has exceptional talent, but she has had a crush on Will Darcey for more than a year.While Savannah is a woman whom others would eagerly pursue, Will Darcey has never had any intimate contact with her despite his image as a gentleman.The relationship has been mutual, but Savannah intends to pursue him.The phone wasn’t on speaker, but Elisa had sharp hearing.Will answered calmly, “I’m not interested.”Knowing that her CEO was not pleased, Cole paused briefly before reiterating, “I understand, but this time… Miss Morgan has something you really should really hear.” Elisa feared there were external factors that would change the course of their cooperation.Will had aces up his sleeves.The man gave a nonchalant grin.She lowered her gaze.“I see. I’ll be back in two hours.”“OK.”Will Darcey hung up the phone and turned to Elisa. He noticed her shifted gaze.Elisa changed the subject, “We’ve got nothing left to discuss. You can go if you’re busy. It just so happens that my friend is still waiting for me next door.”Will Darcey sighed, “It won’t feel right leaving you here. It’ll bug me when I sleep tonight.”Elisa hummed.Will accessed the situation and figured Elisa could defend her own court. He quipped, “Okay, you call Rachel over. I’d leave you two in peace.”Elisa wanted to say something but settled with a farewell.Elisa has always been suspicious of Will’s unnerving sincerity. It felt foreign to her.Yet…His reputation sometimes rubs her the wrong way. She could now drop her guard. What if he turns around and backstabs her?But…His reputation precedes him. He has never refuted any rumors and has been constant with his ideals with her. Elisa may be the only woman he has allowed himself to be open with.
###chapter589
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 589
Elisa picked up her phone and called Rachel.The other party answered, “What’s the matter, babes? Has it been settled?” 
Elisa picked up her phone and called Rachel.The other party answered, “What’s the matter, babes? Has it been settled?”“Well, you can migrate to my spot.”“Okay~”Rachel rushed over and opened the door. “I bet there was a whole party with you two cougars, hm~.”Elisa: …Rachel: …?Rachel spotted Will Darcey seated on a chair and grinning at her. “Well, I’m glad Elisa has a supportive wingman like you.”Rachel: …Elisa: …Rachel rubbed her head, “Uh…”Will chuckled, “Dining together tonight?”“No, I’m pooped and need rest,” Elisa confessed.Will Darcey raised his eyebrows, “I see?”He chided, “I still have some things to deal with. You help me keep an eye on her. I owe you, Rachel Markee.”Rachel: !!!Rachel was over the moon hearing that sentence.Will Darcey owes me a favor?!What luck!She chirped, “No problem! Leave it to me! But Mr. Darcey, keep your word.”Will smiled, “I always do.”Rachel grinned, “Hahaha, of course! Leave Elisa to me. I’ll have her bouncing back better than before!” The gentleman was delighted over her enthusiasm.His eyes shined with gratitude.He excused himself and left to tend to his matters.The room became quiet again. Rachel lamented, “I… I didn’t expect him to be still there just now. I thought he had already left. That was so embarrassing…”As soon as she realized Will Darcey was present, she was mortified to the core.But her words cannot be taken back.But it wasn’t all for nothing. Will felt obligated to owe her a favor.Elisa rubbed her forehead, “Let’s go.”Rachel coughed, “Well…I sense you’ve warmed up to the man. I was just joking. He’s smart enough to know I was joking, right?”Elisa groaned, “Rachel, it’s okay. Nobody noticed.”“Well… shall we go home then?”“Ok.”Elisa was still feeling worn out after her recovery.She reflected on the events between her and Norman Benett. It won’t be long before she hears news of her predetermined promotion.She determined that the promotion would occur in around half a month.Will Darcey occasionally contacted Elisa, while the duo lounged at their homes. Elisa was adamant that his sentiments were kept unbothered.She reminded herself that there was one other patient from the
hospital.There was the Carle issue to consider. Elisa was happy for ongoing recovery, but it posed as a headache.
###chapter590
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 590
She has been keeping in touch with Carle these days. More so than she would have liked. 
She has been keeping in touch with Carle these days. More so than she would have liked.Elisa picked up the call, “Carle.”“Elisa, are you at home? Shall I see you?”“Don’t rush, you haven’t healed yet. There will be more chances to meet in the future if you are well. When that time comes, I’ll visit you myself.”Carle whined, “Elisa, I really miss you.”Guilt struck Elisa.She couldn’t come to terms with breaking Carle’s heart. But prolonging the truth will inevitably lead Carle to develop feelings for her. What should I do?“Carle, just be patient. Alright?”I can’t do it. It will just crush this man’s heart…Elisa looked wrecked with her impending dilemma. Both will soon recover, and by then…When should she tell Carle about their relationship?Elisa’s lips were pursed as she pondered her options.Elisa no longer requested Rachel to look after her because her body has fully recovered, and she is now living alone.Carle sighed, “Elisa, someone sent me there. I promise that there will be no issues. I really wish to see you.”Elisa replied, “Tomorrow, alright? I still have work to do today, I’m afraid I’m not in the mood.”Hearing her answer made Carle happy, “Okay, then I’ll go see you tomorrow.”“Okay, then. I’m busy, so see you later.”“Well, okay. If you need company, I’m the man for the job.” “Alright Carle.”The two then hung up the phone.Immediately afterward, she sent a message to her posse.——Elisa: 【Are you all free tomorrow? Lunch at my place? 】——Rachel: 【What’s wrong? You’ve just recovered, and you want to play chef? 】——Elisa: 【I’ve recovered. Let me cook. 】Elisa’s body had made great progress at this period, so Rachel stopped pushing her.——Rachel: 【Hahaha, cool. 】——Sheena: 【Why do you suddenly want to cook? 】——Elisa: 【Because…he will come over tomorrow. 】Elisa hesitated to disclose this fact but sent the message regardless.When Sheena and Rachel saw it, they were taken aback.Rachel knew that Elisa was at crossroads with this man. She promptly responded. ——Rachel: 【How about going to your house tonight? You free @Sheena? 】——Sheena: 【Yes, let’s do a book club. 】Due to Sheena and Rachel’s nighttime arrival, Elisa didn’t wait until tomorrow to make dinner.The tiny team of amateur chefs collaborated. They cooked soup and two-course dinners
gradually and with care. Elisa’s current level of stamina was observed.None of them mentioned Carle around the dinner table.If she brought it up at lunch, Elisa feared upsetting the two of them.Since they were also concerned that Elisa wouldn’t be able to eat, the other two kept looking for conversation topics.After eating, Rachel and Sheena rushed to do the housework. Elisa was excused.When everything was done, the three sisters sat on the sofa and strategized over Carle’s meeting tomorrow.
###chapter591
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 591
Rachel sighed, “Carle will insist on coming to see you tomorrow, and he has no idea that the two of us are present. Why don’t I send a post to Instagram?” 
Rachel sighed, “Carle will insist on coming to see you tomorrow, and he has no idea that the two of us are present. Why don’t I send a post to Instagram?”Sheena sighed, “Carle is nearly fully recovered, but he can’t withstand a heartbreak. I’m concerned that telling him now would cause him to relapse into his smoking habit.” The woman rubbed her temple, “What should we do?”It was a difficult decision for the group.Elisa didn’t intend to drag her friends into the matter.But she was lost. She paused to think.Rachel groaned, “Forget it, let Carle know that the two of us are here too.”With that, she sent pictures of their meal to social media.——Rachel: 【@Carle, look at what we made with Elisa #squadsleepover 】——Carle: 【You let Elisa cook that with you? She’s still recovering 】——Sheena: 【She’s fine? I’m her best friend, so shouldn’t I know better? 】——Carle: 【Alright my apologies. Have fun queens. 】——Rachel: 【 Yeah apologize. We know you intend to keep Elisa hostage. How dare you try to steal her without consulting me and Sheena?!】 ——Carle: 【 I beg for your forgiveness. Elisa had promised me a meetup after so long. So how much to bribe her away from you? 】——Sheena: 【Hah, money can’t buy quality time. What if I want Elisa for myself too? Are you prepared for the competition? 】Sheena punched her, thinking it was a joke, but she had no idea how deeply it had crushed his heart. She genuinely liked him, but she was in so much pain that she was unable to respond.Carle had only eyes for Elisa. She realized Elisa was trying to let him down slowly.Since…He values Elisa too highly. Carle is the kind of person that will offer the world for her.Sheena sighed dejectedly as she dropped her gaze.——Carle: 【No fights! How about I go too, can you take me in for a night? 】——Rachel: 【Only two bedrooms, no space! 】——Carle: 【I can sleep on the sofa. 】——Rachel: 【What part of girl’s night do you not understand? Have some dignity! 】——Carle: 【…]Elisa remained silent since she was at a loss for words. She didn’t want to engage
Carle in a lengthy conversation.She looked perplexed.Rachel rubbed her temples, “What can I do? If things go on like this, there is no way.” She groaned, “He’s too stubborn.”
###chapter592
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 592
Sheena frowned, “But his existing condition prevents it, and despite the doctor’s repeated warnings, you disregarded them.” 
Sheena frowned, “But his existing condition prevents it, and despite the doctor’s repeated warnings, you disregarded them.”The atmosphere in the room briefly returned to silence.Each of them stood quiet.However, all three of the individuals’ cell phones vibrated simultaneously.Carle made a private group and sent another message.——Carle: 【Why didn’t you call me for dinner, I would have gone if I knew it. 】He sent a sad emote.Elisa promptly responded.——Elisa: 【Your physical condition will be a burden, and it’s too late. Wait until you’re fully recovered. 】——Rachel: 【That’s correct, you shouldn’t be acting so hastily. Even if Elisa were to consent to it, you’re really acting too pushy over her. 】Am I being too pushy?Why is she acting like this?I feel like she’s becoming colder toward me. No? He sent a private message to Elisa.——Carle: 【Elisa, is this actually true? You know I truly just wish to see you. But I won’t push if that’s what you want. 】Rachel heard Elisa’s notification, “Did he message you privately?!”Elisa turned her mobile phone to the two of them, “What should I do?”Elisa felt lost. She needed both of their guidance. Sheena couldn’t help sighing, “Why can’t Carle give me a chance? Then we both won’t have to be in this predicament.”Elisa typed a few words on the screen. ——Elisa: 【Don’t think too much. Take good care of yourself first. 】——Carle: 【Okay. But Elisa, tell me if I did anything wrong. Please. 】Elisa’s remorse grew, and she sent a short ‘okay’.The group was silent.Rachel rubbed her head, “I feel that we should talk to Carle’s family about the matter and let them handle it.”Sheena nodded, “His mother will definitely dote after her son, she should think of a way.”“Then… let’s find a way to ask her out for a chat these few days?” Rachel looked at Elisa for confirmation.Elisa nodded, “This is the only way to go about it now.”They decided to end the matter and carry out their tasks.They took their hot showers and went to bed.The next day.A young man stood outside Elisa’s door, eager to meet her.Rachel went to answer the door with a toothbrush in hand. She almost spat out her toothpaste when she saw Carle at the door. “Why are you here?! We told you it’s a
girl’s party!”The two inside heard the commotion and quickly got changed.Carle didn’t expect Rachel at the door, “Why are you holding toothpaste?”“Hello! Do you realize what time is it?!” The bedroom door suddenly opened.
###chapter593
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 593
Elisa stepped out. She had bed hair after her sleep and was dressed in a light yellow t-shirt. 
Elisa stepped out. She had bed hair after her sleep and was dressed in a light yellow t-shirt.Carle’s gaze was transfixed on the woman.“What.”Rachel: … That girl needs to brush her teeth.Sheena: … Sleeping on the coach was rough.Elisa nodded, “Well since you’re here, come and sit.”The lady went ahead towards the sofa.Sheena got up and Elisa sat beside her. There was no room for Carle.Carle didn’t mind and sat on the parallel sofa.“How are you feeling now?”Why does he keep repeating this?… It has become Carle’s catchphrase at this point.Elisa nodded, “Manageable.”He mirrored her and nodded. His dark brown eyes reflected a tender look on Elisa.Sheena was torn. She envied her best friend, yet felt pity for Carle. Everyone in the house was aware of the situation, except for Carle.He must be kept in the dark about this. For his sake, I can’t let him know…Emotions are high. Sheena’s feelings for Carle was getting complicated.Sheena kept all this at heart.…Wickam’s Group.A stern man was processing documents in the office.Gareth had the same strict look, amply dissatisfied with the documents on hand.A chubby middle-aged man wearing a black suit stood across him. He wiped the perspiration from his forehead as he adjusted his spectacles. Gareth is currently examining a paper that corresponds closely to the plan he requested.He spent a month studying this strategy, and while he is happy with the plan he came up with, his president is growing increasingly unhappy as he watches.He wanted to ask Gareth what was wrong, but he lacked the courage to do so. Instead, he was forced to stand tersely in front of the desk with his head lowered.After another three minutes, Gareth slowly raised his head and looked at the man in front of him.“Half a month and this is the plan you came up with?” Gareth was completely dissatisfied.The man trembled and shook his head in a panic.“Mr. Wickam, everyone worked overtime to come up with this plan… What is wrong? Please give me some pointers, I…”The man was agitated, and his speech was a little jumbled. It felt like the air conditioning was significantly cooler from where he stood.The atmosphere was frigid.The pot-bellied man’s silence didn’t improve his predicament.“I will give you three days. If you can’t do something that
satisfies me, don’t bother coming back.” Gareth barked, “Get out.”Gareth threw the document at the man, and he caught it with both hands.With the threat of being fired, he nodded in fright.“Please give me another chance, sir. I’ll let them try it again.”Without saying anything, Gareth gave him a stern look that clearly told him to go out.The man backed away in a panic and didn’t dare to stop to consider. He noticed Thomas standing at the door with a serious expression and outstretched hand, clearly preparing to knock on the door.
###chapter594
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 594
Although the man was briefly stunned, he dared not give it any thought. Taking a step back, Thomas exited. 
Although the man was briefly stunned, he dared not give it any thought. Taking a step back, Thomas exited.When Thomas was in view, Gareth noticed that the door was shut. With a serious attitude, he went forward:“Mr. Wickam,” said his operative. “Mr. Semoa is at Benett’s house.”Gareth’s expression darkened.He cast a cold gaze at the man, “It’s just the two of them?”“No, there are Miss Gilio and Miss Markee with her.” The man adjusted his tie, “Mr. Carle aims to visit to be a possible suitor for Elisa Benett.”Thomas felt a frigid look from Gareth.“Everyone utilized this trick on Mr. Carle because his predicament was so dire. They haven’t told him the truth since his mind can’t handle the stress right now, but I am concerned that Miss Benett may be misled by Mr. Carle’s predicament if things continue this way.”Gareth’s gripped his fountain pen tighter.He immediately set it down the next second, as if he had no desire to read the document in front of him.Thomas bowed his head and rubbed his nose; he had already spoken what needed to be said.Now that Mr. Wickam wished to maintain his integrity, he refuses to acknowledge his feelings for Elisa. Leaving him in charge of keeping an eye on her is uncomfortable and extremely exhausting.I’m just an employee, but even a blind man can tell he’s obsessed with this woman. I’ll save my skin and not say anything.Thomas obediently complies with Gareth’s commands.Thomas coughed quietly, realizing that Gareth had never given any commands. “Is there anything else you wish to update?”Gareth clenched his jaws and remained silent.Thomas left after realizing their meeting has concluded. There was no one else in the office save Gareth. The man took up the phone irritably but immediately slammed it down once more.Now what.Should I question Elisa?She has the freedom to do as she pleases, right?What’s the point of my warning to her?What warning is there now that it’s at this point?For a moment, Gareth stared blankly.He remembered what Jeremy Chase had said to him.“Gareth, you’re in love with her. Admit it.”“There’s nothing to be ashamed of,” coaxed his friend. “And there’s nothing to deny. Ignoring your emotions won’t do you any
good, so be honest with yourself. Don’t you think you’re turning paranoid?”“You’re both divorced, so it’s not in your lane to control Elisa. Your ego is just a fa?ade I believe.” His best friend nudged, “Are you afraid of people’s opinions of you?”“The only thing you want is to control her. You didn’t know how to cherish her before, but now you should reflect on it. She loved you so much before, maybe there is still room for her to come back.”His words lingered.At that time, Gareth scoffed. He thought little of that conversation.The man was so confident to never be with a conceited woman such as Elisa.He doesn’t give a damn about what other people think, but when it comes to his aspiration, nobody can argue with him. His worst failure was Elisa.The same is true now.He immediately heard the phone ring, which brought him back to reality.He scowled as soon as he realized it was Linda’s phone number. He hung up the phone and blocked the number.Wait, isn’t Linda pretending to be crazy now?Gareth phoned her back after canceling the blocking.The other party connected quickly.“Gareth, you are finally willing to call me.”Gareth frowned. He had already started the recording.
###chapter595
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 595
“What is it?”“Gareth, please believe me. It wasn’t me!” 
“What is it?”“Gareth, please believe me. It wasn’t me!”Gareth frowned. “Do you think I’ll believe you?”“You have to believe me. I really didn’t do it!” Linda was so agitated that her voice was cracking.“Mr. Wickam, since the last incident, Linda has indeed become insane. These days, she’s either depressed and rarely speaks or insists on communicating and explaining to you. Gareth, Linda is a kind girl. She couldn’t possibly do things like that. You should know that…”At that point, Gareth had lost his patience to continue listening to them. “Stop disturbing me in the future. My patience has its limit.”With that, he hung up the phone. His patience was depleted, and he was tired of their acting.After putting down the phone, he suddenly thought of Elisa again! He could even imagine Elisa and Carle being lovey-dovey, which made his face darken at once.He pressed his temples in frustration and attempted to focus on work. However, he overestimated himself. Ever since he knew about the matter, his mind was a complete mess!Knitting his brows, he called Thomas and ordered solemnly, “Bring the meeting forward. Inform the relevant parties to gather at the meeting room twenty minutes later.”Thomas was startled, but he didn’t mull over it and quickly hummed in response. Thereafter, Gareth hung up the call.Thomas was in a quandary. If he passed on the message to bring forward the meeting two days earlier, the staff would surely freak out as they might not be prepared yet. As a result, Gareth would likely get mad, but no one would dare to complain about him bringing forward the meeting. Everyone was on tenterhook except Thomas. He knew Gareth was frustrated and wanted to remain occupied, so the poor staff had to suffer in return.…After a long day, Carle finally left in the afternoon. Actually, he intended to stay for dinner and leave thereafter, but Elisa asked him to go home to rest and not worry about work. Besides, Sheena and Rachel were urging him too. He appreciated their concern toward him, so he went home in resignation.The ladies were finally relieved after watching Carle leave at the entrance downstairs.Sheena and Rachel didn’t plan to stay on either. Rachel said to Elisa with a smile, “I’m leaving too, Elisa. Go home and rest earlier. It’s been a long day
for you. Don’t tire yourself out.”Elisa nodded. “I will. Don’t worry.”Sheena looked at Elisa and mumbled concernedly, “It’s been a hard time for you, Elisa. Previously, I was rude to you because of Carle’s matter. Please forgive me. I’ll learn to control my emotions in the future. I crossed the line last time.”Sheena had spoken some harsh words to Elisa on the day Carle’s accident happened. She apologized to Elisa after that, but she still felt guilty until now, thinking that she shouldn’t have behaved in that way.Elisa smiled. “It’s not your fault. I was wrong too. We’re good, Sheen.”Perceiving that Elisa held no grudge against her, Sheena was relieved and nodded in gratitude. “I’m glad you didn’t take it to heart. Thank you for tolerating me, Elisa. I promise I’ll remain rational next time and won’t fly off the handle. It’s not your fault either.”
###chapter596
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 596
Elisa nodded with a smile. “Let’s not be bothered by what has already happened. We’re sisters. You don’t have to worry about such a small issue. We know each other well.” 
Elisa nodded with a smile. “Let’s not be bothered by what has already happened. We’re sisters. You don’t have to worry about such a small issue. We know each other well.”Sheena was assured when she heard these words. She nodded solemnly and stopped standing on ceremony. Nonetheless, she would always remind herself not to act recklessly next time.Mistakes could be forgiven for the first few occurrences, but if she repeated them, it would cause estrangement between both of them, even if Elisa didn’t take it to heart. The last thing she wanted was to lose a close friend like Elisa.Thereafter, Sheena and Rachel left while Elisa walked back into the building.However, she did not expect to see a tall figure standing in front of her apartment when she stepped out of the lift.Elisa frowned when she saw the man glaring at her coldly with his eyes filled with hostility and sarcasm.“Elisa Benett.” The man spat word by word.Elisa had no intention of talking to him, let alone allowing him to enter her house, so she turned and walked back into the lift.However, before the lift door could close completely, Gareth placed his hand on the door and forced it to halt. Then, the door opened gradually.Elisa stared at Gareth and didn’t want to say a word. She was tired of being pestered by him.“Gareth Wickam, what on earth do you want?” She asked wearily. No words could describe how annoyed she was at this man.Gareth entered the lift and pressed the button to the ground floor after closing the door.With her brows knitted, Elisa remained silent because she didn’t want to be entangled with him. Besides, her wound had yet to recover, so she tried to avoid being tugged by Gareth.Little did Elisa know that Gareth remembered she was injured and hence didn’t pull her just now.Soon, the two arrived at the ground floor. Gareth remained silent and emanated a cold, fearful aura, yet Elisa did not fear him.As soon as the lift door opened, Elisa stepped out of the lift, but Gareth held her arm gently and went forward with her cooperatively without straining herElisa stopped and stared at him coldly. “What exactly do you want? Everything is going according to your plan now, and I didn’t refute you. When will
you let go of me?”Gareth stared at Elisa frigidly and snorted, “Everything is going according to my plan? Do you mean that you’re just playing along?”His words were filled with bitterness and sarcasm.The next second, he blurted, “Get into the car.”Elisa furrowed her brows. “What the hell do you want?”She abhorred him for behaving like a maniac.“Elisa Benett, don’t make me repeat myself!”Elisa lifted her arm to shove Gareth away but to no avail because the latter was gripping her wrist tightly.Looking sullen, Elisa knew she was no match for him at that moment because she was physically weak. So, she had no choice but to follow Gareth into the car.Then, she turned to look at him and asked in resignation, “So, what on earth do you want?”
###chapter597
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 597
She was speechless at Gareth’s mood swings and ridiculous behavior. 
She was speechless at Gareth’s mood swings and ridiculous behavior.Gareth locked the car before casting his gaze on Elisa. The latter stared at him, waiting for him to speak up. Let’s see what tricks he is playing this time and what absurd things he’ll say!After pausing for a moment, Gareth asked in a solemn tone, “What exactly is the relationship between you and Carle?”Startled, Elisa gazed at Gareth surprisingly and replied, “What does that have to do with you?”Gareth’s expression turned ghastly at once as he glared at Elisa and laughed out of rage. “What does this have to do with me?”Elisa frowned as she thought there was nothing wrong with what she said.Gareth gritted his teeth and grasped Elisa’s wrist all of a sudden, and lifted it. “Elisa Benett, how could you be this insensitive?” He hissed. Did she not see what I’ve been doing for her all this while?! It’s impossible that she couldn’t tell!Annoyed, Elisa looked at Gareth in confusion. “What on earth are you trying to say?” What a ridiculous man!“Grandma wants to see you.”Elisa was rendered speechless as she stared at the man in a fluster. I can’t believe you’re using this excuse again!“Grandma could contact me on her own if she wants to see me. Why are you always the messenger?”Looking calm, Gareth tapped his bony fingers on the steering wheel and answered impatiently, “You should know Grandma’s intention.” Elisa frowned. Obviously, she didn’t buy Gareth’s statement.“I’ll visit Grandma during my free time, but not with you.”“Elisa Benett, my patience has its limit.”Elisa scoffed and retorted instantly, “Your patience is always limited, isn’t it? Besides, whether your patience has reached its limit or not has nothing to do with me. Gareth Wickam, please remember that we’re no longer related. Don’t make me think that you regretted it.”Gareth’s face was gloomy, but he didn’t refute Elisa this time, as if he didn’t bother to.Elisa took a deep breath to control her emotions before asking, “So, what brings you here today?”Gareth didn’t answer the question, and his expression remained cold.Nonetheless, Elisa had a hunch that he came with some other motives today.“Let’s get back together.”Elisa was dumbstruck. She even doubted her ears as she stared at the man in perplexity.“What exactly are you trying to get at?” No way Elisa would believe that
Gareth had a change of heart.She reckoned Gareth must have proposed the reconciliation with other motives that were beneficial to Wickam Group.When Gareth perceived Elisa’s eyes that were filled with disbelief and confusion but had no element of surprise at all, his face darkened again.He had been staring fixedly at Elisa after the proposal to observe her reaction. But now, he felt exasperated.“Let’s get back together.” He repeated himself patiently in the same tone. His words sounded like a command with no intention of apologizing or space for negotiation.Any other woman would probably be on cloud nine at that moment.
###chapter598
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 598
Amused, Elisa burst out in laughter, in contrast to her original disgusted look. 
Amused, Elisa burst out in laughter, in contrast to her original disgusted look.Gareth was stunned for a moment when he saw Elisa’s smile. It was as if her smile could melt his cold aura.He stared at her and remained silent while waiting for her response.The next second, Elisa replied with a faint smile, “Gareth, I know you have other motives – you want to collaborate with me. You’re not like someone who would make a U-turn.”“I’m not a car.” Gareth spat word by word with his eyes fixed on Elisa.Elisa chuckled. “Humans can make a U-turn too.” For example, you go back on your words.Gareth’s expression turned serious while Elisa continued casually, “I have no idea what your motive is. Benett Corporation will continue partnering with you. I’m sure you’ve heard that they plan to extend the collaboration for one year, and you’ve given them a chance. Furthermore, you’ll be partnering in my project too. I can’t think of any other motives that can only be achieved by reconciling with me.”Just then, Elisa paused for a moment as she thought of something. Then, her smile stiffened. Looking into Gareth’s cold eyes, she wore a sarcastic smile. “Or, would you rather sacrifice your marriage in order to defeat Will?”Gareth blurted frostily, “I can promise you three things. Firstly, I’ll never divorce you. Secondly, I agree to have children if that’s your wish. Thirdly, Benett Corporation will never topple, and you’ll be the company’s leader.” Elisa’s heart jolted as her body froze. She could feel her heart squeezing.If she had been given these promises in the past, she would be in seventh heaven despite knowing that Gareth’s heart belonged to someone else, not her.Although Gareth was a cold and heartless man, he was a man of his word. So, he would definitely keep his promise once he offered it. As long as Elisa did not betray him, he would stand by his promise.If the entanglement between them never existed, Elisa might be moved. But now…Elisa smirked. “I’ll avenge Benett Corporation on my own. As for you… I’m sorry to say that I don’t wish to be associated with you at all. Gareth, I don’t hate you anymore now, but I’ll never forget the harm you’ve done to me. Even if we were once in a covenantal marriage, I don’t want to face you. You may deem me a narrow-minded person. By the way,
Nicole is a decent potential partner too.”With that, she placed her hand on the door handle. However, she recalled that Gareth had locked the car, so she leaned against the car seat.Gazing at Gareth’s menacing side profile, Elisa was about to ask him to unlock the door when the latter started the car all of a sudden, engaged the gear, and sped away.He was so furious at Elisa’s callous attitude toward him.Elisa frowned and asked, “Where are we going?”Gareth ignored her and continued driving at top speed, but Elisa did not feel much impact as he was a skillful driver.He turned a deaf ear to Elisa along the way and did not intend to let her get out of the car.Half an hour later, he finally stopped the car upon arriving at his destination.When Elisa saw what came into sight, her cold and elegant face seemed to have cracked.
###chapter599
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 599
Gareth unlocked the door and said, “Get out of the car.”Gareth unlocked the door and said, “Get out of the car.”Elisa’s eyes fluttered. She didn’t want to move – she had a deep conflict with this place. She rather sat in this car, even though it was Gareth’s car.Perceiving no response from her, Gareth got out of the car and walked to the other side to open the door of the passenger seat.However, Elisa was still reluctant to get out of the car, so Gareth blurted again, “Get out.”Elisa stared at the man in perplexity with a frown. “Why did you bring me here?”“Don’t you want to come back to visit? It has been a while since you came back.”Come back. Gareth used this phrase with a profound intention.Elisa instinctively knitted her brows as a strong impulsion arose in her. “I don’t see a need to come back. I don’t belong here.”“Get out of the car.” Gareth’s tone became more stern.Elisa wore a sullen look. The car didn’t belong to her, and she couldn’t keep staying in Gareth’s car, so she did as she was told.“So, why on earth did you bring me here? Do you think you can stir me emotionally? Or, you’re just this childish?” Despite saying that, Elisa had a hunch that Gareth had other intentions.Gareth darted a cold glance at her, but his expression remained indifferent and wasn’t as fierce as before.The sky gradually got dark, which made it harder to perceive Gareth’s expression. At the same time, his eyes turned more complicated.This time, Gareth didn’t bother to wait for a response from Elisa but swiftly grabbed her wrist before she could dodge. Elisa was frustrated because she couldn’t break away from Gareth. Damn it! My physical strength is no match for this man.Seeing that Elisa still remained still, Gareth furrowed his brows as if he had lost his patience. “Should I carry you in?”Elisa was dumbstruck. Her eyes were filled with resentment, yet she couldn’t break away from him no matter how hard she tried.On the other hand, Gareth controlled his strength well so that he wouldn’t hurt Elisa even though he was gripping her wrist.“Gareth Wickam! Do you know how detestable you are?!” As soon as Elisa yelled that, she could feel the atmosphere tense up instantly.Gareth stood at the spot and spun to face the stubborn woman.Just as Elisa thought he would further provoke her, Gareth carried her in his arms all of a sudden.Caught off guard, Elisa gasped, “Gareth Wickam!”She was afraid of falling, so she subconsciously encircled her arms around Gareth’s neck.He had never carried her back then when
they were married, but now, he was actually carrying her in his arms! This was a scene that she had once yearned for.Elisa got goosebumps all over. Her face turned livid with rage as she squealed, “Put me down!”However, Gareth strode toward the building and didn’t give her any chance to break away.Elisa was struggling so hard that she didn’t notice Gareth’s body stiffening.It was his first time carrying her, and he had a warm sensation in his stomach carrying the delicate woman in his arms. It was a sensation that he had never had! Frowning, he closed his eyes for a second. When he opened his eyes again, he regained his composure.The villa had been vacant ever since Elisa left.When Elisa entered the villa, a fresh scent wafted into her nose as if it was the remaining scent of the perfume she had been using.“Put me down, Gareth! Are you nuts?!”
###chapter600
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 600
Gareth closed the door and gently put Elisa down.Elisa didn’t want to enter the house, so she turned to walk out. However, Gareth had reset the password of the door. Besides, the door was only accessible by fingerprints. 
Gareth closed the door and gently put Elisa down.Elisa didn’t want to enter the house, so she turned to walk out. However, Gareth had reset the password of the door. Besides, the door was only accessible by fingerprints.She glared at Gareth indignantly and roared, “What the hell do you want?!” For a moment, she thought she was behaving like a shrew.However, Gareth was unmoved at all, regardless of whether she talked to him calmly or roared at him crazily.Elisa was so infuriated that she suddenly clammed up. She had never thought Gareth could be this self-controlled.She involuntarily gazed around the house. This was once Gareth’s and her residence after their marriage. In fact, it was her residence because Gareth had never stayed here before.Back then, she decorated the house with all her heart and kept asking Julia about Gareth’s preference. She even gave up certain decoration styles that she liked because Gareth detested them.She had stayed in this house for three years, so how could she have no feelings at all toward this place?In the past, she was even reluctant for others to interfere with the management of this household. She wanted to do everything on her own, so she didn’t even hire a servant.She carefully took care of every corner of the house, including the plants. She had devoted all her heart to this place. But now, besides being rich in memories of this place, she had conflicting feelings.Sure enough, Gareth hit the bull’s eye by bringing her here.Elisa stood motionless on the spot. In contrast to her frustration, Gareth looked extremely comfortable. He cast a glance at Elisa nonchalantly and said with a calm look, “Go and take a look upstairs. I’ve not changed a single thing you fixed up.”Elisa’s heart skipped a beat. Indeed, she had put a lot of effort into this home.Even the picky Gareth did not think anything was wrong with the setting of the house, and he even felt comfortable.But alas, he once didn’t bother to spare a glance at it. In fact, he had come back a few times after the divorce, and he felt depressed after seeing the careful decoration.“Shall I carry
you?”There was a slight change in Elisa’s expression. She couldn’t get out of the house and wasn’t a match for Gareth. Gareth would carry her anytime, so she didn’t dare to oppose him and had no choice but to go upstairs as she was told.It’s not a big deal, I’ll just go and take a glance. It’s not dangerous anyway. I’m just checking out my old residence. I shouldn’t feel resistant about it.Elisa ignored Gareth and accelerated her steps as she went upstairs.Gareth followed behind Elisa and was unaffected by her response.After going upstairs, Elisa glanced around the space. True enough, everything was the same as before. Even the flowers that she left on the balcony were well taken care of, which surprised her.Obviously, Gareth had hired people to take care of them, but Elisa thought it was unlike Gareth to do so.He hates me so much. How would he possibly keep the plants that I planted? Did I misunderstand something?Elisa gazed toward Gareth subconsciously. Without her saying it out, Gareth understood her questions through her eyes.He usually didn’t bother explaining anything to others, but this time, he did. “I hired some men to take care of them.” His voice was calm, but one could perceive a tinge of awkwardness in it if she listened closely.
###chapter601
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 601
Elisa looked at Gareth in confusion and said nothing. Then, she walked toward the plants and checked them carefully – they were indeed the plants she kept. 
Elisa looked at Gareth in confusion and said nothing. Then, she walked toward the plants and checked them carefully – they were indeed the plants she kept.She could recognize some minor details and the shape of the plants.Besides, there was no surveillance camera on the balcony, and they didn’t employ any servants. So, Gareth couldn’t possibly find similar plants to deceive her.If he had only established his motives recently, he wouldn’t have asked someone to take care of the plants since back then.Elisa couldn’t figure out what Gareth was up to. Putting aside her frustration, she faced him and stared at him calmly. “What exactly do you want? You should know that I won’t possibly get back together with you, and I know you have no feelings for me at all. I don’t want to be captivated for the rest of my life. Gareth, I’m tired. Don’t you feel exhausted too?”Gareth wore a faint smile on his handsome face. His deep-set eyes were filled with incomprehensible emotions. Elisa couldn’t tell if he was smirking or smiling out of vexation.“I don’t have to remind you about the benefits of getting back together with me.”Elisa snorted, “I don’t need those benefits, and I don’t want to hurt myself anymore.”Gareth was not irritated by Elisa’s words. Instead, he spat coolly, “Continue walking around.”Elisa remained silent and finally stepped forward. There was no harm in looking around since she was already there.Truth be told, she missed this place, not the moments she had with Gareth. After all, she was staying alone in the villa. What she missed were the efforts and sacrifices she made. She became sulkier the more she walked around the house. Finally, she sat on the couch and refused to move.She looked at Gareth solemnly and uttered coldly, “I’m telling you this again – I’ll not get back together with you. Please don’t think about using me. There’s no need for us to collaborate through marriage.”“Hey, Liz.”Just then, a familiar voice that she had been dreaming of hearing again came forth. Her body shuddered at once as her eyes were filled with shock and disbelief.She turned to the source of the sound to realize it was a recording played from Gareth’s phone.Tears welled up in her eyes.She gasped involuntarily, “This
recording…”Gareth did not comment while the recording continued playing.“Hey, Liz. When you heard this recording, Dad might not be on this earth anymore.”Two rows of tears streamed down her face and fell onto her shirt, forming two dark spots on it.Besides sorrow, her eyes were filled with bewilderment all the more.Why does Gareth have this recording? How did Dad know that he was about to pass away? How?!“You’re my precious little princess and the one I care about the most. Unfortunately, my health is deteriorating, and I can’t accompany you forever and witness your happiness. I just hope that you won’t be too depressed after my passing.”Tears gushed down Elisa’s cheeks as her strong appearance shattered.“Elisa, Dad knows you might have a lot of questions and doubts, but there are things that I don’t wish to tell you because that will only increase your trouble. Anyway, you’re married into the Wickam family now. I believe Gareth will gradually fall for you and will treat you well. Liz, some things can’t be forced – for example, kinships.”
###chapter602
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 602
At once, Elisa burst into tears uncontrollably.All this while, she thought she was able to control her emotions when being reminded of her father’s passing, although she had not gotten over it. Little did she expect to hear her father’s voice under such a circumstance. 
At once, Elisa burst into tears uncontrollably.All this while, she thought she was able to control her emotions when being reminded of her father’s passing, although she had not gotten over it. Little did she expect to hear her father’s voice under such a circumstance.Dad must have been disappointed upon discovering how greedy and evil Uncle Norman and his family were, yet he doesn’t want me to avenge him or be involved in the matter. At the same time, he had to remind me to put up my guard lest they harm me.Nelson Benett, Elisa’s father, knew Elisa would figure out what was going on from these words, given her smartness. He didn’t want Elisa to seek revenge against Norman, so he couldn’t reveal too much information.“Liz, I hope you’ll hear this recording someday, yet I hope you’ll never hear this recording. Sigh… I just want you to be happy. At the same time, I’m worried that you’ll be bullied. My darling and little princess, you can only depend on yourself to survive in the future. My only hope is for you to stay healthy and happy. Can you promise me not to bother with other agendas?”Elisa sobbed as she struggled to get a hold of herself.Gareth gazed at her and spoke as gently as possible, “Cry it out as you wish.”His words tipped Elisa over the edge, but the latter still controlled herself not to let out a sound and only teared up in silence.“Liz, there is always a time to say goodbye. That’s all that I want to say to you for now. I’ll watch over you forever to see you carry on with life strongly. Goodbye, my princess. Dad loves you forever.” Feeling a piercing pain in her chest, Elisa instinctively covered her chest with her hand.Gareth was a bundle of nerves when he saw that, and he immediately said, “I’ll ask Jeremy to come over.”“It’s okay. I’m fine.” Elisa mumbled arduously.She knew it wasn’t a health issue but broken heart syndrome due to extreme agony.Moreover, she was well-versed in medical practices.Gareth furrowed his brows. Nonetheless, he could tell that Elisa was still trying to control her emotions and was getting more stable.Pressing his lips tight, he said nothing and fixed his gaze on
Elisa, who was slowly wiping away her tears.Within a few minutes, she regained her composure and took a deep breath. “How did you get this recording?”Why did I never find it?Nelson mentioned in the recording that he intended to let her discover this recording by chance.Elisa reckoned Nelson must have reckoned that Norman and his family wouldn’t lay a finger on her yet after his passing for the sake of their reputation. Indeed, Nelson had thoroughly thought about the situation.Besides, he knew Elisa would be heartbroken like him upon knowing the truth. He didn’t want to see her anguish, yet he was worried that she wouldn’t guard against Norman.He was in a quandary, so he left a recording for Elisa to discover by chance.However, Elisa couldn’t understand why the recording that she couldn’t find all this while was with Gareth.“Your father passed it to me before he died.” Gareth answered calmly.Elisa was stunned. “So, you have been aware of the truth since long ago?”Gareth’s eyes fluttered, but he hummed without many emotions, “He exhorted me to only reveal it to you under an essential situation.”
###chapter603
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 603
Elisa pressed her lips and remained silent.In the past, Gareth didn’t believe what Nelson said, so he disregarded the recording. But after all the happenings, he would naturally suspect something about the family. 
Elisa pressed her lips and remained silent.In the past, Gareth didn’t believe what Nelson said, so he disregarded the recording. But after all the happenings, he would naturally suspect something about the family.Gareth gazed at Elisa, who gradually calmed down and uttered in a rarely gentle tone, “I’ll help you seek revenge against Norman and his family.”Elisa lifted her eyes to look at him and mumbled, “Provided that I get back together with you. Am I right?”Gareth did not respond as he felt it was inappropriate. Nonetheless, he couldn’t bring himself to retort to Elisa.Elisa sneered. “It’s okay. I want to handle the Benett family’s affair on my own.”Will had offered to help her but was rejected as well.She wanted to gradually destroy her enemies by herself so that they received the retribution they deserved.Furrowing his brows, Gareth didn’t know Elisa’s intention and thought she was still resisting him.Nevertheless, he pressed his lips, turned away, and said nothing when he saw Elisa still trying to control her emotions forcefully with tears streaming down her face.Then, he stood up and hummed, “Please stay here and rest tonight.”Elisa lifted her head to stare at him with her eyes filled with perplexity.I’ve already made myself very clear. Why is he still asking me to stay? He’s always an arrogant man, but why did he repeatedly talk to me in a caring manner today? How many benefits can he garner by marrying me again that he’s willing to behave in such a servile manner? In fact, his behavior might still be considered arrogant for one who was gentle. However, given Gareth’s temperament, he was already putting aside his dignity.In fact, he wouldn’t have done all this, given his arrogance.Elisa wiped away her tears calmly and remained quiet. She reckoned Gareth would leave soon, even if he asked her to stay. So, she didn’t intend to argue with him.“Can you send me my father’s recording?”Gareth frowned. Initially, he didn’t want Elisa to keep the recording because it would only add to her worry. However, Nelson was her closest kin after all, so Gareth decided to send the
recording to her after thinking about it.Upon receiving the recording via her phone, Elisa saved the document carefully.Then, she lifted her head to look at Gareth. “Did you meet my father on the day he passed you the recording?”Gareth paused for a second before nodding.“Can you tell me what happened that day?”Gareth pressed his lips and slowly told her about the details of that day patiently.…Nelson was leaning against the ward bed’s headboard in the hospital when the door was pushed open.Nelson lifted his head and wore an amiable smile. “Hey, Gareth.”Gareth strode in with a cold face and stared at the man whose hair had turned gray despite being in his forties. “What is it?” He asked indifferently.Nelson put on a rueful smile and muttered, “Look at my current health condition. You should know that I’m very much on the edge of death.”At that time, Elisa was not around because she went on a business trip, so she wasn’t aware of her father’s critical condition.Besides, Norman and his family kept the news from Elisa lest their plan was disrupted.As such, Elisa had no idea at all about Nelson’s illness.“Please don’t tell Elisa about my illness.”Gareth curled his lips with a frigid look. “Your family affair is none of my business.”
###chapter604
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 604
Nelson was startled for a second, but he quickly continued with a smile. “Liz is a kind girl. I know you have many misunderstandings toward her, but I hope you can try to get to know her properly. She’s indeed a gentle girl.” 
Nelson was startled for a second, but he quickly continued with a smile. “Liz is a kind girl. I know you have many misunderstandings toward her, but I hope you can try to get to know her properly. She’s indeed a gentle girl.”Gareth gazed at Nelson coldly and blurted, “Is this all that you want to tell me?”Nelson heaved a sigh and passed a recording to Gareth. “This is my recording. After I die, the only kin she has in this world is you. I hope… you can keep this recording. Please don’t tell her about this unless the situation calls for it. But if any mishaps happen, I hope you can make her aware of it.”Gareth knitted his brows with a tinge of frustration in his eyes while Nelson continued, “Your misunderstandings toward her are mainly because of me. She’s innocent. Gareth, please, please keep this recording. This is my only hope before I die.”Gareth gazed at Nelson aloofly and could tell from the latter’s expression that it was a genuine plea.Nelson inhaled deeply. “Please listen to the recording in the future when you have time. It’s just two minutes. As for the rest, I’ll leave it to you, alright?”Ever since Elisa and Gareth married, Gareth had never deemed Nelson his father-in-law because he thought Nelson didn’t deserve to be his father-in-law, and neither did Elisa deserve to be his wife.The marriage only happened because he was forced by his family for the sake of their interest.However, Gareth’s sympathy was aroused. For some reason, he hummed insouciantly, “This is the first and only time I’ll help you.” Nelson heaved a sigh of relief and stared at Gareth with his eyes filled with gratitude. “Thank you. Thank you.”One’s kindness would be rewarded. Nelson knew Gareth was a kind-hearted man because he was willing to help him.…Those were the details Gareth recalled and told Elisa.With her head lowered, Elisa said nothing while Gareth mumbled gently, “I only listened to this recording recently. Given the situation now, I think it’s about time to let you listen to it.”Elisa turned her face away, not wanting to look at Gareth. At this point, she had no desire to resent Gareth anymore.Given how
haughty he normally was, he was already being merciful by keeping his promise to Nelson and playing the recording to Elisa today.In fact, Elisa thought she should thank him.After pausing for a moment, she hummed, “Thank you.”Gareth’s eyes darkened. That was the last thing he wished to hear from Elisa.Elisa sat motionless on the couch while Gareth looked at her calmly. “It’s getting late. Do rest up.”Elisa did not answer. She was waiting for him to leave so that she could leave thereafter.However, Gareth stood still at the spot for the next half an hour while Elisa sat silently on the couch.Elisa lifted her eyes to look at Gareth. “Are you going to stay here?”Gareth’s deep-set eyes looked cool and tranquil as he stared at her and remained quiet.Elisa pressed her lips. Oh well, this residence belongs to him. He has the freedom to come and go.Nonetheless, she still couldn’t understand why Gareth went to such great lengths for her sake.Elisa regained her composure and decided to stop mulling over it. She stood up and hummed, “I shall not stay here further. Have a goodnight.”
###chapter605
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 605
She restrained her feelings.Gareth’s brows furrowed tightly. He said in a deep voice, “I told you to stay here and rest.” 
She restrained her feelings.Gareth’s brows furrowed tightly. He said in a deep voice, “I told you to stay here and rest.”Elisa stopped. She turned and looked at him. Everything he said was an order. As someone as cold as him, she didn’t think there was anything wrong with his tone, but she was baffled at why she had to stay here.“You should be clear about our relationship. What does it mean if we stay together? I’ve said before that I will not reconcile with you.”Elisa walked out after that. She was afraid that Gareth would chase after her, so she said in a low voice, “I’ve asked my friend to pick me up.”Gareth stared at her figure coldly. Just as Elisa thought that she was safe to leave, the man suddenly grabbed her wrist forcefully. She didn’t even hear it coming.Her brows wrinkled tightly. Seeming exhausted, she said, “Gareth, what are you…”Before she could finish, Gareth said in a deep voice, “You haven’t gone into the master bedroom yet. What exactly are you fighting against?”Elisa was a little startled, but at the next moment, she said calmly, “Does it matter if there’s anything that I’m fighting against? This place made me sad and disappointed for three years, and it made me leave hopelessly. Do you think this place can arouse the love I had for you, or do you think it made me more aware of your heartlessness?”Gareth’s pupils shrank slightly, but he still held on to her wrist.Seeing Elisa tired and not wanting to talk to him, his rage was about to erupt. He said coldly, “Come back. I’ll give you one last chance.”Elisa sneered. “There’s no need for that.”After that, she shook off his hand and walked to the door. She was just about to open the door when she recalled that she needed a passcode, so she turned around irritably. “Let me out.” Gareth laughed in rage. He walked to the door without a word and opened the door. “Get lost. Don’t let me see you again in the future.”Elisa didn’t care at all, and she didn’t bother to retort.She walked straight out.And her so-called friend was only a cab that she had hailed.Seeing the cab stop not far away, Elisa quickly got into the car and left.Gareth stood at the door and ground his teeth as he stared at her figure.Elisa.Elisa Benett.Good.This woman
is great!…The next day, Elisa could go to work as usual.She had been promoted and was now the assistant manager of the department.There were now two assistant managers in the department.When Elisa arrived at the office, everyone congratulated her as they saw her.Elisa spoke to everyone in a good-natured manner.Kira even joked and said, “I’m going to ride on your coattails in the future. You’re amazing, Liz! You’re the best. You have so much room to grow in the future. You have to work hard!”Elisa smiled and nodded. “I will.”“The assistant manager has to deal with a lot more pressure. Liz, although I am only a team leader, I’ve been working in this company for quite some time after all. If you face any problems, tell me any time. I’ll help you if I can.”Elisa smiled. “Alright.”They talked for a while before Elisa went to her office.It wasn’t very big. It was around ten square meters, and there wasn’t even a couch in it.There was only an office desk and a private washroom.There was an additional chair in front of the desk, which made it easier for employees to report their work to her.Lily, who was in the same rank as her, had an office that was five square meters bigger than hers.Elisa raised her brows slightly. She didn’t mind. She walked to her office desk, sat down, and wanted to settle her work affairs, but her ringing cell phone distracted her.
###chapter606
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 606
Seeing the caller display, she answered the call.“Ms. Golding.” 
Seeing the caller display, she answered the call.“Ms. Golding.”“Mm. How are you recovering?”Anita had visited her when she was resting at home.The two of them had kept in contact.Elisa smiled. “Mm. I came back to work today.”Anita’s brows furrowed slightly. “Can you go back to work in your condition?”“It’s no problem. I can attend to your case at any time. Just call me.” Jean answered with ease.Anita sighed. “That side is still looking for opportunities to drag it out. They even stopped me from submitting evidence, but the court has set a date for seven days from now.”Elisa nodded. “No problem.”“I can only count on you, Liz. My son’s custody can’t be taken away again.”“Mm, I understand. Don’t worry.”The two talked for a while more before they hung up, and Elisa resumed her work.The company started to go ahead with various aspects because she was at work.Linda was still at the mental hospital and couldn’t be discharged. It was her temporary refuge but also a prison.Elisa started to work.The morning passed quickly.Ten minutes before her lunch break, Elisa’s cell phone suddenly rang.—Kyle: ‘Are both of you free in the afternoon? Do you want to eat lunch together?’This was her hacker group chat. They would talk to each other from time to time. As for jobs, the other two worked on them and made allowances for her. Sometimes she would feel bad and take a few of them. —Elisa: ‘Where?’—Scott: ‘Sure.’ —Kyle: ‘The restaurant beneath Liz’s office. I’m already here, so I’ll order food first.’—Elisa: ‘Alright.’—Scott: ‘Okay.’During her lunch break, Elisa went to the private room of the restaurant.Kyle was the only one there.He sat on a chair, and he wore simple, gray sportswear, looking exceptionally cold.But…After interacting with him, she knew that he was only like that on the surface. Kyle would only be earnest with people close to him and people he cared about. He was always cold and cheerless to outsiders. He had no intention of maintaining a good impression on them.However… those he cared about, both family and friends, would have the blessing of three lifetimes.Kyle was good-looking. He wouldn’t be inferior even if he stood next to Gareth and Will. His deep eyes, in particular, were fatally attractive to many young women.That’s right. They were like
moths to a flame. Women who fell in love with him would come to no good because he wouldn’t be moved by anyone.When he saw Elisa, he put down his cell phone and tapped his bony hand on the table. He smiled at Elisa gently, “That was pretty fast.”Elisa smiled and nodded. She sat down two seats away from him.“You were so considerate by intentionally choosing a place so near me. It would be too much of me to be any slower, wouldn’t it?”“Pfft.” Kyle raised his brows. “When did you become such a smooth talker?”Elisa laughed gently. “What can I do? The world is like that, so I can only be slick and sly.”Kyle was exasperated. He sized up Elisa and said, “You lost a lot of weight.”Elisa’s lips curved a little. “You should praise me for keeping in shape.”After that, the door of the private room opened.
###chapter607
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 607
The two of them looked at the door at the same time.A server stood at the door. She smiled and gestured to the man behind her. “Please go in, sir.” 
The two of them looked at the door at the same time.A server stood at the door. She smiled and gestured to the man behind her. “Please go in, sir.”Scott nodded and strode in with his long legs.The man was in a black couture suit with a royal blue tie. His short hair was styled cleanly, and there were cold, hard lines on his handsome face. He curved his thin, sensual lips under the bridge of his tall, straight nose. “I haven’t seen you in a while.”Elisa smiled. “Yes. It’s been a while.”It was, of course, directed at Elisa.After all, Kyle and Scott lived close to each other, and they played games together frequently.They would hang out once in a while, but for Elisa, it would often be inconvenient for her. Furthermore, she didn’t want to go into the industry, so they didn’t hang out as much.After Scott sat down, Kyle looked at the server. “You may serve the food when it’s ready.”“Alright. Please wait a moment.”She went out and shut the door after her.Scott sized up Elisa and furrowed his brows slightly. “Why have you lost so much weight since the last time I saw you?”Elisa immediately felt indignant. “I have not. I’ve been like this for the past couple of years.”Scott didn’t believe her at all.He said in exasperation, “It would be great if you could ensure that you don’t lose any more weight. Girls can’t be too skinny. It’s not very proper.”Elisa was dumbfounded.It wasn’t as if she was skin and bones.But she didn’t pursue the topic any longer. She smiled and asked, “How have the both of you been lately?” “Same old. But I might be getting married soon.” Scott shrugged indifferently.Elisa immediately looked at him in bewilderment.“Getting married?”Her eyes were filled with confusion, while Kyle was calm. There wasn’t much emotion on his face, and it was evident he knew about it.Scott was composed and didn’t show too much emotion. “Mm. I’m at that age, and my family is pressuring me, so I’m going to get married.”“Who is the girl?”Scott was Mr. Carter’s only son. He had to take over the family business in the future.Being a hacker was only their hobby. Whether they would or could continue was yet to be seen.“The daughter of the Martin family.”Elisa was a little surprised. “How have I not seen any news
about it? When are you getting married?”The corners of Scott’s lips curved slightly as if he was laughing at himself a little.“In another two or three months. There will be an announcement when the time comes,” he said absentmindedly. Although he wasn’t resistant to getting married, he didn’t like it.Elisa pursed her lips and finally said softly, “Maybe you don’t have any feelings for each other right now, and you may feel that it’s just a marriage of convenience, but many only start to develop feelings after marriage.”Scott’s lips twitched, as if indifferent about it.“Whatever. It doesn’t matter who I marry.”He had never been interested in women, and he had always treated Elisa like one of the guys.“So be it. It used to be like this in the past,” Kyle said calmly.Elisa looked at him, slightly perplexed. “Don’t tell me that you…?”She didn’t finish her question, but her meaning was clear.Kyle casually smiled. “Shouldn’t I be thinking about these things at my age?”He didn’t deny it. It meant that he would suffer the same fate as Scott.
###chapter608
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 608
Elisa furrowed her brows. There was nothing she could say or do. 
Elisa furrowed her brows. There was nothing she could say or do.Weren’t they all in the same boat? Even though she thought she had married because of love, how did that turn out? Perhaps it was more painful when feelings were involved.They had a clear mind and wouldn’t worry about love for the rest of their lives. Humans didn’t need romantic love to survive.She paused and smiled gently. “This isn’t too bad. You won’t have to experience that kind of pain. Human nature is a burden at times.”Scott smiled. “Let’s not talk about this. A new job came in today. It’s quite interesting.”Elisa was a little confused. “What job is it?”She had been busy with work the whole day and hadn’t looked at jobs on the back end.Kyle raised his brows slightly and directed his gaze at Elisa. “It has something to do with you. Why don’t you take it?”Elisa took out her cell phone, slightly perplexed.“Something to do with me?” She asked as she opened the back end.They had started a hacking group that was internationally known. Everyone wanted to win their favor.If they wanted the group to accept the job, they had to include detailed personal information. This was a hard and fast rule that the group had set in place.Of course… if the customers didn’t want to include personal information, with The Three Musketeers’ great skills, finding out their identity was a piece of cake.Therefore, no one would dare play tricks if they wanted help.Elisa suddenly laughed when she saw the client.“What is Uncle Norman in trouble for lately?” Logically speaking, with Norman’s identity, he didn’t have to do anything personally. But by exposing his identity, it was enough to prove that he couldn’t trust other people to do whatever it was.At that moment, Elisa was slightly curious about what Norman wanted to do.Kyle’s lips slowly curved. “It’s up to you to accept it.”Elisa said with a half-smile, “I must surely accept it since it’s Uncle Norman. I have to do it since we’re family.”Kyle was dumbstruck.Scott sneered. “Your Uncle Norman would cry.”Elisa smiled and didn’t say anything.Scott looked at Elisa. “When are you planning on taking back Benett Corporation? Do you need help?”Elisa smiled and shook her head. “Not for the time being. I need to do it legitimately.”And not seize it by force.If she wanted to seize it, she could ask for her shares back right
now. After all, the contract back then wasn’t stringent enough. She could find many loopholes.But…She didn’t want to do so. It would go against the will of the people.Kyle nodded. “Mm. If you need anything, let us know at any time. We’ll always be behind you.”Scott nodded as well. Seeing Elisa’s exceptionally serene gaze, he said, “That’s right. We’re a family. Don’t always feel embarrassed. If there’s anything you need, just let us know any time.”Elisa’s heart felt warm. “With the both of you, I have nothing to worry about.”Kyle laughed while Scott raised his brows. “You may say so, but you need to mean it as well.”Kyle and Scott had similar personalities, but they were different.Kyle had a more indifferent personality and didn’t talk much.Scott was different in that he would talk to his friends more, but sometimes, he would be slightly sharp-tongued.
###chapter609
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 609
“Do you want to take this job?” Kyle looked at Elisa.“Mm. I do.” There was a trace of a smile in the corner of Elisa’s mouth. Her expression was exceptionally serene. 
“Do you want to take this job?” Kyle looked at Elisa.“Mm. I do.” There was a trace of a smile in the corner of Elisa’s mouth. Her expression was exceptionally serene.They talked for a while more before they went their separate ways.Before they parted ways, they were still telling Elisa not to bear everything alone and that they were a family.Elisa smiled and nodded. “Alright.”The two of them were like brothers to Elisa.They weren’t very interested in women or men.They were just cold and heartless.Elisa returned to the office after that.She opened the back end of the hacking jobs and looked at the job before accepting it.…In Norman’s office, when he received a notification about his job being accepted, his eyes lit up.He immediately said, “They’ve accepted!”Rose looked at Norman in surprise. “Accepted? You’re trying to breach Wickam Group. Did they really accept?”“Of course, they’re doing it for money.” As soon as Norman said it, his expression suddenly changed.“D*mn it! How can they be so nasty?”“Huh?” Rose was confused and walked over quickly to look at Norman’s cell phone. After reading the text, her brows furrowed tightly. “Are they playing around with you? How much is this going to cost?”Norman’s expression was unbelievably nasty.“If they breach it, we won’t have to walk on thin ice anymore, and the Wickam family won’t have the opportunity to continue like this with us.” Rose shook her head in disbelief. “I think you’re mad.”“Mad? Heh… Look at the current situation. Is there any other way? If I don’t do this, is there any room left for us? I might still be the chairman of Benett Corporation, but I don’t have much status left.”“But you still have the shares. Norman, I’ve told you previously not to make such a big deal out of this. We can’t afford to offend the Wickam family now!” Rose looked at Norman in disbelief. He was really out of his mind.So much so that it was frightening.Previously, Rose was the one who had wanted to go up against Wickam Group, and Norman was the one thinking of ways to stop her, but now… their roles were reversed. At that moment, Rose was terrified that Norman would act blindly without thinking.Wickam Group was as tough and
solid as a rock, and they were eggs. There was no room for them to retaliate!She was about to break down!Norman snorted coldly. “I didn’t think much of it previously, but now! Nothing is impossible. I’ve looked up these hackers. They’re an internationally renowned team, and they specialize in protecting personal information. I’m not making use of other people for my benefit. No one would know about me. Even if they fail, would they do anything to us?”“Aren’t you afraid that Wickam Group’s hackers are better than them? If Wickam Group notices when they’re being attacked and discover that you’re behind it, what will you do?” Rose urged him.Norman said disdainfully, “What do you know? The three of them are probably the best hackers in the world! They won’t fail!”Rose laughed in rage. “Take a look at what the hackers replied. Read for yourself what they said!”
###chapter610
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 610
Rose was afraid that Norman wouldn’t read it carefully, so she read it aloud. 
Rose was afraid that Norman wouldn’t read it carefully, so she read it aloud.“There are twenty levels of passcodes on this software. Every layer requires a nine-digit number, and you have to pay for each level. If the breach is unsuccessful, the money is non-refundable. Click to pay and agree to the terms and conditions to continue.”Rose gritted her teeth. “Look at this. This is sucking you dry!”“Twenty levels will cost two billion. If they intentionally end it at the nineteenth level, what are you going to do?” Rose was irked and continued, “Do you know what kind of presence Wickam Group has? Aren’t you afraid that they have connections with Wickam Group?!”“I’ve looked it up. They’ve never worked with Wickam Group.” Norman sneered, and his eyes were filled with contempt.Rose laughed in rage at the idiot. “Don’t you know that they are hackers? How were you able to look it up?”“What do you know, woman? Everything must be done in private and not out in the open, unlike you. Stay out of my business, and don’t interfere anymore! Go and keep Linda company.”Rose shook her head in disbelief and frustration. She slowly said, “You’re mad! You’ve gone insane! Don’t you know what’s waiting for you if Wickam Group finds out about this? And how do you have so many liquid funds to transfer to them right now?”“I said, keep your nose out of my business! Leave now!” Norman got up in a rage and pushed Rose out.“Norman Benett! You’re crazy! You can’t go on like this! You can’t!”“I can afford two billion, and I’ll own up to it. Get lost right now!” Norman closed the door after that while Rose knocked furiously. “Open the door!”“Scram! Beat it if you don’t want to be disgraced!”Rose knocked on the door several times but to no avail, and she couldn’t say anything while she was outside. She could only leave disappointedly. The worry in her heart grew. Since she found out about it, her eyelids had been twitching non-stop.As for Elisa, she sat behind her computer desk in a good mood after receiving Norman’s funds.Scott and Kyle could naturally see her reply from the back end.—Kyle: ‘Yeah, doing that would be great.’—Scott: ‘Be careful. Don’t let him find out, Liz.’—Elisa: ‘Mm. I will be discreet. Don’t worry.’She sent a meme after that.—Kyle: ‘Haha. I knew that you didn’t have good intentions when you accepted this job. I
never thought that you would go such a route.’—Elisa: ‘Of course. Norman has taken so much money from the Benett family. I have to make him spit it out bit by bit.’—Scott: ‘Mm. That’s pretty good. When you reach the twentieth layer, tell him that you failed. If he dares to say anything, we’ll take care of him.’When Elisa saw that, she couldn’t help but burst into laughter.—Elisa: ‘Alright. I’ve turned bad after hanging out with both of you.’Kyle and Scott each sent a funny picture, and Elisa laughed lightly before she placed her cell phone down.She had finished her work in the morning, and she was now going to uncover Wickam Group’s secrets.She moved precisely and efficiently with her excellent skills. Even if she cracked a level, those at Wickam Group didn’t notice.It could be said that Elisa cruised around Wickam Group’s confidential information without being detected.
###chapter611
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 611
After she was done with one level, she sent Norman proof.After she was done with one level, she sent Norman proof.He was instantly happy and paid for the second level in the link that Elisa had sent.After waiting for around an hour, she conquered the second level. He was overjoyed and paid for the third level.In the afternoon, he sent Elisa five hundred million!Meanwhile, Elisa was taking it easy. She didn’t need that much time to crack it, but she did it so that his waiting would be torturous. Furthermore, she didn’t want Norman to know how easy it was to crack.At night, Elisa sent proof of another successful level breach.She added text.— ‘That’s all for today. We’ll continue tomorrow. Remember to prepare your money. Credit is not allowed.’Norman’s expression changed slightly. Credit wasn’t allowed.He had transferred so much, but he didn’t have two billion on hand… The main point was that at the beginning, he never thought that Elisa would be so fast.Where… should he get the money?Just as he was at a loss, he suddenly remembered the two real estate items he had purchased recently, as well as some money with Rose.At the next moment, he immediately made a call to his assistant.“Sell all the houses under my name and get someone to help me move back to my old house.”His old house had belonged to Nelson Benett, and it was the house that they had returned to Elisa previously.His assistant was slightly puzzled. “Mr. Benett, what do you…?”“Just do as I say.”“But… the keys to your previous house have been returned to Ms. Elisa.”Norman’s expression stiffened slightly. In an instant, he furrowed his brows tightly. But he thought of how he would have endless wealth when he successfully got hold of Gareth’s classified information. When that time came, no one would be able to stop him…Thinking about it, he gritted his teeth at once. “Rent a house with three bedrooms and one living room. A decent environment and surrounding area will do.”The assistant had a suspicious expression. “Do you… mean it?”“Yes!”“Alright. I’ll do it right now.” The assistant didn’t know what was going on with his boss, but of course, he had to obey Norman’s instructions.…At Wickam Group, they naturally noticed it when their fifth level of security was breached.At that moment, the IT department was working overtime. They had previously ridiculed the IT department of Twitter for working overtime and thought that those people chose the wrong jobs, unlike them, where they had it easy. As long as they put barriers in place, there
wouldn’t be theft. After all, with Wickam Group’s reputation, who would have the nerve to pull the tiger’s hair?But now…!They were going mad!Who is it? Who is so unbelievable?!Who can breach five levels of security in one afternoon?At that moment… they were reworking frantically!And this matter caused a sensation in the Wickam Group. When Gareth found out about it, his expression was unbelievably cold.Endless cold sweat was pouring from the heads of the IT department. Someone wiped their cold sweat while they trembled in fear and said, “Mr. Wickam, only The Three Musketeers have the skills to go up against our technology.”Edgar’s gaze became sharper in an instant. “Investigate.”He wanted to know who these three people were!It could be said that everyone in the IT department was drenched in sweat…That group had better skills than they did. How could they investigate?They couldn’t! But their boss was livid. Who had the nerve to say no?
###chapter612
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 612
“How long until it’s fixed?”The IT department didn’t dare utter a word. The team leader wiped his sweat and summoned his courage to say, “They’ve only breached it but didn’t continue digging further. They don’t seem to have the intention to wreck anything, it seems like they’re just… cruising around.” 
“How long until it’s fixed?”The IT department didn’t dare utter a word. The team leader wiped his sweat and summoned his courage to say, “They’ve only breached it but didn’t continue digging further. They don’t seem to have the intention to wreck anything, it seems like they’re just… cruising around.”Gareth didn’t say a word. His bony hand tapped the table lightly.But everyone felt very uneasy.He tapped at an irregular rhythm, and it made their hearts thump in an unrestrained manner. It was as though… their hearts would leap out at the next moment, and they would meet a violent death.There wasn’t a trace of a smile on Gareth’s ice-cold face, especially his eyes, which had frozen over and looked like a deep abyss. No one had the nerve to look him in the eye.At the next moment, he suddenly laughed.The soft noise made everyone want to rush to their death. They felt tormented.“Give me a time. How long until this is fixed?”“Tonight. We will strive to fix it by tonight!”“Strive?” Gareth sneered.The IT department was about to cry. What else could they say?When met with a powerful opponent like The Three Musketeers, what could they do?The fact that they weren’t being destroyed by The Three Musketeers was enough to prove how good they already were.But now they were dumbstruck. The Three Musketeers had never laid a hand on them, but by suddenly doing so, Wickam Group must have offended The Three Musketeers somehow. They couldn’t be sure of it, but maybe The Three Musketeers were just visiting and might not break through anything. Perhaps they just wanted to scare Gareth and give him a warning.Gareth looked at them coldly. “Everyone has to work overtime tonight. Change the sequence of the first five levels.”“Alright.”Everyone breathed a sigh of relief. They couldn’t make any promises to Mr. Wickam.But working overtime and changing the order of the first five levels were possible!Gareth didn’t say anything. He got up and left.Thomas followed Gareth back to the office.At the next moment, Gareth turned on his computer and got to work.Thomas’ eyes flashed
slightly. His boss was also a genius hacker. In Thomas’ opinion, his abilities may even be stronger than The Three Musketeers.Gareth’s hands tapped away at the keyboard endlessly as Thomas stood at one side and waited for his instructions. After all, this wasn’t an ordinary day. Gareth didn’t intend to chase Thomas away either.After waiting for half an hour, Thomas sat down. He watched as Gareth continued tapping at the keyboard while a bunch of code flew past the computer screen. Thomas only understood a portion of it, and Mr. Wickam was too fast. Everything was in a blur.Gareth only stopped after two hours.Thomas immediately asked, “Did you get it, Mr. Wickam?”Gareth massaged the bridge of his nose, seeming a little tired.He looked at the screen coldly and didn’t say a word.Thomas noticed that something wasn’t right. His expression turned bad when he saw what was on the screen.— ‘We cracked this unintentionally. We’re just here to visit, and we’ll stop at twenty.’It vanished after that.Gareth’s expression darkened, while Thomas had a complicated expression.It seemed like they were just here to visit…?After all, they purely breached the first few levels and didn’t cause any damage. Mr. Wickam had been deciphering it for so long, and when he thought that he found their tracks, he never imagined that they would put in place an obstructing sequence. Only the text appeared after that.
###chapter613
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 613
This person…Was an expert!His boss had been working for so long but only managed to see the hurdle they had set in place. 
This person…Was an expert!His boss had been working for so long but only managed to see the hurdle they had set in place.At that moment, Thomas didn’t know what to say.Gareth started to crack it once more, and Thomas’ gaze didn’t leave the computer as he stared at it.But……At that moment, the person that Gareth and the IT department of Wickam Group were desperately trying to track down was sitting on her couch with a bowl of fruits as she watched television.It was as though she couldn’t remember what she did in the afternoon.Her cell phone suddenly rang and distracted her.—Rachel: ‘Babe, let’s go shopping tomorrow?’—Elisa: ‘Pfft. Aren’t you afraid that I’ll get hurt?’—Rachel: ‘Haha. Not anymore. You’ve recovered so well. Furthermore, am I not helping you avoid something? Don’t forget that tomorrow is Carle’s day off. You made an appointment with me beforehand to break free from him.’Elisa came to her senses in an instant, and she replied at once.—Elisa: ‘A good friend indeed! I’ll come to pick you up at eight tomorrow.’—Rachel: ‘D*mn! That’s too much! I want to sleep in tomorrow since I’m on break!’Elisa’s lips curved slowly, and her expression was exceptionally at ease. She continued chatting with Rachel as the television was on. It was clear how relaxed she was feeling.However… of how contented she was feeling, it was like a war was happening on the other end.Rose was livid. She raised her hands and swung them at Norman’s face angrily. Norman grabbed her hands. His face was dark as he said angrily, “Stop being such a wench! I’m doing it for our future!”“Norman! You’re crazy! You sold our house without my consent, and you even moved my money! Norman Bennett!! How can you go overboard like this? Are you trying to bankrupt the family?!”Seeing Rose rush up to him, Norman pushed her down on the couch and said impatiently, “I have so many shares in Benett Corporation. How can the family go broke? What do you know, woman? You’re short-sighted, and you’re looking for trouble!”Today, Rose had been with Linda, but she was feeling extremely frazzled and wanted to look for Norman. She never imagined that what she
discovered was this three-bedroom rental! This couldn’t compare to her house at all!When she found out that this was what they had to put up with, she trembled in rage. She felt that everything she had worked hard for so many years was destroyed!“Norman! Stop it while we still have our money! They’re on the same side!”Norman’s expression darkened. “Let me say it for the last time! Stop interfering in my business!”Rose was dumbfounded!She couldn’t hold back her rage, and she stood up before slapping Norman. He was caught unaware and only heard—‘Smack!’The noise was loud and clear.“Wench!”Norman slapped her back!Rose exhaled in pain. At the next moment, she covered her already swollen face in disbelief as she said angrily, “How can you hit me, Norman?!”Norman was also startled by his actions. He had acted subconsciously in rage. His brows furrowed tightly as he pulled his hand back and said coldly, “Didn’t you hit me? I want you to wake up!”
###chapter614
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 614
“Norman Benett!!” Rose was livid, and her chest was heaving. “Are… are you trying to infuriate me to my death?!” 
“Norman Benett!!” Rose was livid, and her chest was heaving. “Are… are you trying to infuriate me to my death?!”Norman wasn’t in the mood to entertain her. He took a breath in and said coldly, “I’m going to sleep in the office tonight. You can cool off at home. Remember to visit Linda.”Norman left after that. No matter how much Rose screamed and shouted, he didn’t look back as he walked away in an exceptionally curt manner.At that moment, Rose felt that their marriage was at its end.But…!Norman had taken out all her savings. What should she do?…The next day, Jean reached Rachel’s house at eight, as she had previously said.Rachel yawned and covered her mouth as she walked down. She said in a seemingly tired manner, “Oh my god. You brat. You came at eight! I was still dreaming that I was playing poker with cute guys!”Elisa’s lips twitched. “Please be ladylike and proper.”“I’m serious! That cute guy was the most handsome celebrity that I’ve ever seen! I wonder if this is a prophecy. Maybe that was my future husband! You ruined my happy fate, Liz!”Elisa was dumbfounded.She didn’t want to entertain the love-struck fool, so she pulled Rachel to the car. “Let’s go. I thought we were going shopping. Let’s have breakfast first.”“Alright. Let’s go to the place we always used to go to. I miss the French toast and eggs benedict!”Elisa chuckled. “Alright. Let’s go.”“Mm!” As they were heading to breakfast, Carle called Elisa, but she said that she had to go shopping with Rach today. They had to buy women’s essentials, and it was inconvenient for a man like himself to follow along.From Carle’s tone, Elisa could tell that he was disappointed. After she hung up, her expression was complicated, but she had no other way.Rachel said in exasperation, “Ah, Sheen has contacted Mrs. Semoa, but she isn’t free these two days. Sheen could only arrange for next Wednesday.”Elisa nodded. “Mm. Let’s have lunch next Wednesday and talk about the current situation.”“Alright. Let’s have a good time shopping today. Don’t think about the mess.”Actually… Rachel felt that Carle must have understood something. He was smart, after all.But Elisa didn’t make it clear, and everyone treated them like they were still in a
relationship. He was pretending like he didn’t know anything and wasn’t willing to accept the bad premonition.That’s right. It could only be described as a blind premonition.“What do you want to buy today?” Elisa turned and looked at Rachel.Rachel smiled. “Didn’t you say that we were going to buy women’s unmentionables? It just so happens that I want to buy some underwear. Everything I have is a little old.”“Sure.”The two of them went to a branded lingerie shop.Elisa saw someone familiar as soon as she opened the door.No.It was a girl that she had met and whose name she often heard.The girl noticed Elisa and fixed her gaze on her, but it wasn’t an uncomfortable gaze.Rachel noticed it and said with surprise, “What a surprise to meet her here… Liz, do you want to say hi? After all, I’ve seen the two of you talk to each other in a video.”
###chapter615
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 615
Elisa looked away. “It’s fine. Take a look at what you want to buy.” 
Elisa looked away. “It’s fine. Take a look at what you want to buy.”The two of them had spoken because of Gareth. It was only logical that Elisa didn’t want to have too many intersections with her.That’s right. It was Nicole. She was standing with another girl as they listened to the shop assistant recommend lingerie to them.And now, Nicole wasn’t interested in what the shop assistant had to say. Her attention was on Elisa.Seeing another shop assistant lead Elisa and Rachel to the east corner, Nicole made her way to them.“What a coincidence, Ms. Benett.”Elisa slowly turned. Seeing Nicole look at her smilingly, her lips curved slightly. “Ms. Tabor.”If Nicole hadn’t said anything to Elisa, Elisa wouldn’t have taken the initiative to greet Nicole, but now, she couldn’t be rude.Moreover, nothing had ever happened between them, but Elisa wanted to avoid Nicole because of Gareth.Rachel’s gaze also fell on Nicole, and envy streaked across her eyes.Rachel had previously seen Nicole on the television screen. She used to think that camerawork made Nicole look beautiful.But now, from the looks of it, she didn’t look the least bit inferior in person to how she did on screen.Ah.Why was everyone around Rachel gorgeous?Her self-esteem suddenly plummeted!Nicole’s best friend walked over as well. Seeing Elisa and Rachel, she smiled and nodded at them before her gaze fell on Nicole. “Nic, why did you suddenly come here? Aren’t you going to buy anything?”Nicole smiled. “I’m in no rush. I’m just chatting with some old friends I met.” The shop assistant was clear about Nicole’s identity, and she didn’t dare to show displeasure. She could only stand at the side politely, waiting for instructions.Elisa lifted her eyes slightly. Seeing Nicole carefree, relaxed, and easygoing, Elisa didn’t feel good about Nicole, but she didn’t dislike Nicole either.Perhaps it was strangers coming together by chance. Nothing much happened.But she was well educated. The way she spoke was likable, and it made a good impression on others.Like now, Rachel had a pretty good impression of Nicole.Nicole looked at Elisa and said gently, “Since we met by chance, would you like to have lunch together?”Nicole’s best friend looked at her, puzzled. What is Nic doing?She had never taken the initiative like this, and many people knew that she liked Gareth.And
Elisa’s identity was a little awkward. She still had an unclear relationship with Gareth until now, but Nic was going so far as to get close to her.Something was fishy.Elisa smiled. “I’m sorry, I have some personal matters to deal with at noon, and I can’t get away.”Rachel stood at one side and didn’t say anything.Nicole seemed to sigh in regret. “Since that’s the case, let’s have a meal together next time. You can’t turn me down again, Ms. Benett.”Elisa smiled. “Alright.”Nicole didn’t say anything and continued browsing lingerie with her best friend.Elisa looked at Rachel. “Let’s continue looking.”Rachel looked at Elisa suspiciously. “Both of you…”Elisa’s lips curved slightly. She didn’t plan on elaborating with the shop assistant on one side.The shop assistant was tactful. Everyone who came to the shop today was famous. She had been envious of the shop assistant who was assisting Nicole and never imagined that she also met someone amazing.
###chapter616
Chapter 616
She didn't think about it anymore and immediately started introducing the items. 
Rachel thought that the shop assistant before them was outstanding.She could even be promoted to store manager. 
Rachel bought six sets in one go. 
Before they left, she kept complimenting the shop assistant. 
Rachel thought that she was very eloquent. 
Elisa couldn't help but chuckle. 
"It's a big brand after all.They certainly have to employ excellent staff" 
Rachel couldn't help but laugh and nod. 
"Haha.You're right." 
"Anyway, what was up with that woman? Is she treating you as a love rival?" 
After all...the relationship between Nicole, Elisa, and Gareth...was slightly complicated. 
At that moment, the two of them were walking, and although there were people around, Rachel's voice was soft, and she didn't mention Nicole by name. 
Elisa's eyes dulled slightly. 
Thinking about how Nicole had been very easygoing, she said in a low voice, "Maybe...she wants to feel me out."
Under such circumstances, no one would think that Nicole wanted to be friends with Elisa. 
Nicole's motives had been very clear from the start, and she expressed a lot of liking for Gareth. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Gareth didn't seem to have a conclusion to their state of affairs. 
"I wonder if she has a straightforward and candid personality.If she's like Linda, it will be hard to deal with." 
After all... 
Nicole was a lot nobler than Linda.She was the daughter of the Tabor family.She would get anything that she wanted. 
Furthermore, Nicole was smarter than Linda. 
Even if everyone from the Tabor family was gone, Nicole could still hold up the Tabor Group.She was excellent in various aspects and was a lot better than Linda. 
If she wanted to go up against Elisa... 
Thinking about it, Rachel was suddenly slightly worried. 
She looked at Elisa, "Liz, she..." 
Elisa smiled. 
"I’m not remarrying Gareth, so I don't think she treats me as a rival.I don't treat her as one either.You don't have to worry." 
Rachel couldn't help but sigh.
"Ah, it would be great if you liked Carle. He's so loyal and affectionate. It is family background is pretty good as well. It's a shame that… love is so difficult" 
In an instant, the dream that Rachel had the previous night played in her mind. 
That cute guy was so good- looking! She liked him a lot. 
Elisa smiled bitterly. 
"Yes, it would've been great if I liked Carle before I liked Gareth." 
This was, of course, just a joke. 
Just as Rachel had said, love was difficult. 
At that moment, Nicole left the shop with her best friend, Melissa Reid, but they had nothing in their hands. 
It was clear that they brought someone along to carry their items for them. 
The two of them continued walking ahead. 
Melissa looked at Nicole suspiciously. 
"Nic, why did you treat that woman so nicely just now… That was Elisa." 
Nicole's lips curved. 
"I admire her abilities. She's outstanding." 
"Huh?"
Melissa was stupefied. 
"Do you want to be friends with her?" 
"Look at how we were just now. Do you think we're friends?" 
There was still a smile in the corner of Nicole's lips. She looked exceptionally at ease and was ambivalent about Elisa. 
Melissa couldn't make her out at all.
###chapter617
Chapter 617
"Huh...? Then what did you mean by greeting her just now?" 
Melissa had been friends with Nicole for a few years.Her thoughts were simple, and she wasn't very bright.She had been relying on the support of Nicole for the past few years, and Nicole had protected her quite well. 
At the very least, other people wouldn't dare to do anything to Melissa because of Nicole. 
But... 
After being by Nicole's side for so long, Melissa wasn't much wiser.She had a stubborn character, but she didn’t have a bad heart. 
Nicole smiled. 
"I simply admire her, and I just want to have a meal with her’ "Huh? Admire? Isn't that wanting to be friends? But since you're not friends, why did you ask her out for a meal?" 
Nicole immediately said in exasperation, "Alright, let's look around for a while more before we eat.What do you want to eat?" 
Melissa was confused. 
"Nic, I don't know what's going on...Please tell me what you're thinking about." 
"Not much.I just want to meet her.Can you understand that?" 
A light suddenly dawned on Melissa.
"Oh...to meet her! You should've said so earlier.I would've understood." 
Nicole's lips twitched.No one could tell if she was frustrated. 
The two of them continued shopping, but Melissa was feeling confused.She still felt like something wasn't right. 
As for Elisa and Rachel, they walked around and stopped for lunch at noon. 
They had just ordered food when Elisa's cell phone rang. 
Her eyes dulled a little when she saw the caller ID. 
"Why are you hesitating? Who is it?" 
"Gareth's grandmother" Elisa said before she picked up her cell phone and answered the call. 
Rachel blinked as she looked at Elisa and didn't say anything. 
"Grandma." 
Elisa's voice was very gentle, and there was a trace of a smile in the corner of her mouth. 
"Ah, Liz, do you miss Grandma?" 
As Old Madam Wickam's gentle voice rang in her ear, Elisa couldn't help but think of Grandma’s peaceful demeanor. 
Her gaze softened, and she said with a smile, "Of course I do, you..." 
Before Elisa could finish, Old Madam Wickam said in a slightly disappointed manner, "You don't! You don't have Grandma in your heart! You don't miss me at all!"
"Of course not.You've misunderstood, Grandma." 
Elisa explained patiently to Julia. 
Rachel, who was at the side, couldn't help but cover her mouth and laugh in silence. 
The two of them got along in such a manner. 
Although she didn't see it often, she understood it.She found it miraculous that until now, Old Madam Wickam still liked Liz so much. 
Julia said in a grieved manner, "Then tell me, how long has it been since you last came to see me?" 
Flisa's lashes trembled slightly. 
"Grandma, I..." 
It wasn't that she didn't want to visit Old Madam Wickam. 
It just wasn't very appropriate for her to do so with the relationship she and Gareth had. 
Furthermore, she had been resting for some time and had no way to visit Grandma. 
Until now, Grandma still didn't know that she was injured. 
"Look at you! You can't even tell me.Girl, you don't miss me, do you? Ah...I'm old.Old people are useless.Even my granddaughter is shunning me." 
It was almost as if Julia grew sadder as she talked about it. 
It seemed like she was about to cry at the next moment.
Looking at Elisa's complicated expression, Rachel couldn't help but laugh. 
She could intermittently hear what Old Madam Wickam said. 
Elisa covered her forehead with her hand and said at once, "Grandma, that’s not the case.How could I shun you? I'll come to see you within these two days."
###chapter618
Chapter 618
"These two days? You're just saying it to appease me, but you're lying." 
Grandma's voice sounded very frustrated and upset. 
Elisa immediately said in exasperation, "How can that be, Grandma? I'm not lying to you!" 
"Are you free tonight? Do you want to have dinner with me? No one is around. It'll just be two of us." 
Old Madam Wickam'’s voice sounded particularly feeble, as if afraid that Elisa wouldn't agree. 
If they were talking in person, Elisa was afraid that she would have to see Old Madam Wickam’ss restless manner. 
It was evident that Elisa didn't want to see Grandma like that.She could only smile and say, "Alright.I will come over tonight." 
"Really? Are you lying to me, girl?" Elisa chuckled. 
"When have I ever lied to you, Grandma?" 
If no one else was around, she would be happy to go over to chat and eat with Grandma.She hadn't wanted to go over previously because not everyone in the Wickam family liked her. 
"That's great!" 
Julia was overjoyed in an instant. 
She said at once, "I won't be out in the afternoon, and no one else is home.Come over whenever.I'll be waiting for you at home, my good girl."
Elisa couldn't help but laugh lightly. 
"Alright." 
The two of them talked for a while more before they hung up. 
Rachel looked at Elisa. 
"Are you going over tonight?" 
"Mm.After we shop for a while more, I'll go over and spend time with her.She's quite bored at home" Elisa said seriously. 
Rachel couldn't help but burst out laughing. 
"Large families, especially those of the same age as Grandma, would usually bully and look down on women.I never thought that Old Madam Wickam would be so gentle and have such high regard for you.You're like her actual granddaughter." 
Elisa couldn't restrain her smile. 
"Yes.I never imagined that this would be the case.I used to think that Grandma treated me very well and loved me a lot.When I had my divorce, I wondered if she would be disappointed in me.I never thought that she would be afraid of others holding me in contempt after the divorce, so she intentionally announced publicly that I was her granddaughter at her birthday party.I was very surprised by it." 
Rachel chuckled. 
"Yes.I was stupefied.It's just that...with Old Madam Wickam''s status, things are difficult at times.You don't want to disappoint or upset her, but you don't want to deal with those from the Wickam family too much.It's not easy..."
Elisa's lips twitched. 
"Sometimes, I have no other way." 
After they finished their food and shopped until around two in the afternoon, she parted ways with Rachel. 
At three, she arrived at Wickam Manor. 
According to Elisa's assumption, Grandma had been awake for half an hour. 
Old Madam Wickam was suddenly astonished when she saw Elisa's figure. 
She never imagined that the girl would come over so early. 
The next moment, she grabbed Elisa's hand happily. 
"Good girl.You came so early to see me.I believe you!" 
Elisa was unexpectedly unable to restrain her smile. 
"From what you're saying, you didn't believe me, did you?" 
"Isn't it understandable? You haven't come to visit me for a long time, girl!" 
Old Madam Wickam said accusingly, but she didn't let go of Elisa's hand.Elisa didn't know whether to laugh or to cry as she and Old Madam Wickam sat on the couch. 
"Next time, I'll come and see you when I have the chance to."
###chapter619
Chapter 619
"Haha, okay.I'll wait for you." 
Old Madam Wickam seemed to be in a good mood. 
On top of just waking up from her afternoon nap, she was in high spirits. 
The both of them chatted, and they looked like they were related. 
There were no barriers or boundaries between them. 
They talked and laughed, and it was unknowingly dinner time. 
"Old Madam Wickam.Ms.Benett.The food is ready.Would you like it to be served now?" 
Julia was a little startled. 
"Look at the time.Yes, serve the food." 
"Alright." Julia smiled. 
She got up, and she was still holding onto Elisa's hand. 
However, after they had washed their hands, they noticed that the doors of the manor were open. 
Elisa and Julia looked over at the same time. 
When they saw a tall figure, the smile on the corners of their mouths froze. 
The man raised his brows slightly.
"Am I so unwelcome?" 
Surprise flickered across Elisa's eyes. 
In the past, if she and Grandma had such expressions, his face would be dark. 
But today, he looked like he was in a pretty good mood. 
Elisa looked away and didn't say a word. 
Although Grandma had said that there no one else would be around tonight, it was plausible that Gareth knew about it and came over intentionally. 
After all, this man had been willing to swallow his pride to work with her. 
Elisa looked away and picked up the cutlery before handing it to Julia. 
When Julia took it from her, she looked at Gareth, slightly displeased. 
"Why are you here?" 
He was dumbstruck. 
When he walked over, Julia couldn't help but say, "Liz and I are going to eat.Is something wrong?" 
Gareth was stupefied once more. 
Is he interrupting their dinner if he didn't have a reason to look for Grandma?When did Grandma get so sick of him?She wanted to chase him away while Elisa was around? Gareth's expression suddenly turned nasty. 
Elisa didn't hold back.Her lips curved.
Now, she felt that Grandma was becoming more endearing. 
Furthermore, Grandma had truly embraced not getting them back together. 
Elisa let out a small sigh of relief. 
Gareth's brows furrowed slightly. 
"I came to see you, but are you trying to get rid of me?" 
Julia suddenly felt a little conflicted.Her grandson rarely came back. 
It seemed to have hurt him when she suddenly wanted to chase him away.But out of all the times to return, he chose a time like this? Julia looked at him a little strangely. 
"So you came to see me?" Gareth's expression was calm. 
"Grandpa called and said that you were alone at home tonight. He said that you haven't been in a good mood recently, so he told me to come to keep you company." Julia was dumbfounded. 
In an instant, she couldn't say anything to get rid of her grandson. 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. 
Has Grandma been in a bad mood recently? She turned and glanced at Gareth.She finally said, "Grandma, let's eat." 
This was his house. 
How could she get rid of him? And Gareth had come to visit Grandma.She had been in a bad mood and needed people to be with her.
Elisa couldn't make Grandma get rid of Gareth for her sake. 
This would affect the relationship between the grandmother and the grandson. 
Gareth was, in turn, very pleased with Elisa.He washed his hands in the washroom before he walked and sat across from Elisa. 
Seeing her exquisite yet motionless face, Gareth held his gaze back slightly and didn't say anything. 
Julia glanced at Elisa, slightly worried. 
Seeing that there wasn't much disdain in Elisa's eyes, Julia said, "What a coincidence.Liz..."
###chapter620
Chapter 620
Do you mind? Julia didn’t know how to respond and couldn't say it brazenly. 
Elisa smiled. 
"Grandma, I know that you like this," she said as she took food for Old Madam Wickam. 
She didn't bring Gareth up at all. 
Julia breathed a sigh of relief.She smiled as she nodded. 
"Yes.Eat up, Liz! 1 instructed them specially to make your favorite food today!" 
As she spoke, she also took food for Elisa. 
The two of them talked and laughed and completely neglected Gareth. 
There was a warm atmosphere around them, and it unexpectedly made Gareth seem like an outsider. 
It was as though Gareth was already used to such air and didn't feel uncomfortable at all. 
He even… had an indescribable appetite. But... 
Because of Gareth's presence, Elisa decided not to stay any longer in the end. She looked at Old Madam Wickam and smiled lightly as she said, "Grandma, I've been here for quite some time today, and I have some work to do. I'll come back another day" 
Reluctance immediately streaked across Julia's eyes. 
Seeing that her grandson was going nowhere and intended to stay with her, she finally sighed.
"Alright, my good girl. Go home quickly and rest once you're done with work. Don't tire yourself out, alright?" 
Elisa smiled and nodded. 
"Alright. You rest well too, Grandma." 
"Okay. Mr.Jones, arrange for someone to send Liz back." 
"Alright, Old Madam Wickam." 
"It's fine, Grandma. I drove here." 
"That won't do! Your house is far away, and the sky is dark. I'll be worried if you leave alone" 
In the past, Julia would have made Gareth send Elisa back. 
But now...She didn't say a word about it. 
It suddenly made Gareth frown slightly, displeased. 
Seeing the situation, Elisa nodded in the end. 
"Alright.Please rest early, Grandma." 
"Ah, okay!" 
Old Madam Wickam seemed to be in a better mood once Elisa agreed. 
Elisa didn't say anything else, and she left. 
Gareth didn't send Elisa off, but he had no intention of leaving.
Julia's gaze unconsciously fell on Gareth, and she asked in a seemingly suspicious manner, "Did you really come to keep me company today?" 
This brat. 
Although he was filial, he was busy most of the time.He didn't have much time overall. 
But today...? Gareth sat on the couch and crossed his long legs. 
His right hand was on the armrest of the couch and his bony fingers tapped on it casually. 
"Don't you believe me?" 
At that moment, his ice-cold face softened, but there was still indifference in it. 
Julia's brows furrowed slightly, and the doubt in her eyes increased. 
"Should I believe you?" 
At the next moment, she snorted coldly. 
"Brat.If you came here because of something, tell me.Stop playing pretend.Do you think an old woman like me is a fool?" 
Gareth couldn't help but laugh. 
"You're so wise, Grandma" 
Julia was dumbstruck. 
This brat! Something is up! She suddenly felt upset.
She rolled her eyes at him before she turned to ignore him. 
The trace of a smile on the corner of Gareth's lips seemed to deepen. 
He went closer to Old Madam Wickam and looked at her as he said, "Grandma, I need your help with something. 
It's something you'll be happy to help me with." 
Julia was flabbergasted. 
She looked at him, stupefied. 
"Are you serious? You want me to do something for you? And it’s something I look forward to?"
###chapter621
Chapter 621
The smile in the corner of Gareth’s lips deepened. 
"Yes! Julia felt dumbfounded.She didn't say anything, and she didn't know what the brat had up his sleeve.Gareth wasn't at a loss, nor did he pause.He looked at Julia and said softly, "I want to remarry Elisa." 
Julia was rendered speechless.She didn't hear it clearly and was still looking at Gareth, but he didn't say anything. 
He looked back at his grandmother. 
After waiting for a while, Julia came to her senses, and she looked at Gareth in disbelief.She asked firmly, "Did I hear that correctly?" 
What did he say? Gareth nodded. 
"Mm.You heard it correctly.I want to remarry Elisa" 
Julia was blown away.Her eyes widened and were filled with disbelief. 
"Remarry Elisa?!" Gareth nodded. 
He knew that Grandma would be surprised and in disbelief. 
After all, he had been so firm about it previously. 
It was inevitable that she would be so incredulous. 
But...
Just as he was thinking about what to say, Julia suddenly stood up angrily and punched Gareth’s chest. 
"I told you not to get divorced previously, but you didn't listen.You had to stay with that vixen.But now when Liz doesn't like you anymore and regards you with disdain, you want to remarry her.Do you think marrying her again is simple?!" 
Julia was exasperated at him. 
There was endless irritation in her voice. 
Gareth didn't avoid it and let Julia punch him again. 
After all, she was his biological grandmother. 
Even if she hit him, how much force could she have used? She just couldn't hold it in. 
Gareth sat on the couch without moving.He nodded calmly. 
"I was confused previously, Grandma.I hope that you can help me" 
Julia felt astounded. 
She sized up her grandson. 
There was no trace of jesting or ridicule on his face. 
His expression was serious, and she couldn't help but look at him again and say in a low voice, "You're not lying to me?" 
She was now suspecting that the boy was playing tricks or going back to his old ways like before because he was afraid that she would be angry and upset.
"No," Gareth said calmly. 
This made Julia certain that she didn't imagine things. 
But now, she couldn't care about anything else.She looked at him, perplexed, "Why do you want to remarry Elisa for no rhyme and reason?" 
"There's no way that you like Liz, is there? After all, she treated you so well last time and sacrificed wholeheartedly for you, but you didn't even like a girl like that.Don't tell me that you're moved when she's standoffish to you now?" 
Gareth was silent. 
Although he didn't like Elisa, why did he feel like Grandma was calling him despicable? Julia didn’t think too much about it.She looked at Gareth again. 
"Tell me, why do you want to remarry Elisa?" 
Garth's expression was calm.He said with ease, "Right now, I think she's the best person and companion that can support me for the rest of my life" 
"But she doesn't want you anymore.What's the point of thinking about it?" 
Julia retorted without thinking.She couldn't be dignified with her grandson.She had almost broken down back then when he abandoned her granddaughter-in-law. 
But...She could only watch such an ending with wide eyes and had wanted to cry her eyes out.
###chapter622
Chapter 622
Gareth was left dumbfounded. 
Julia was being harsher to him today. 
There were a few times when Gareth couldn't hold his ground. 
If it was anyone else, Gareth wouldn't have kept quiet. 
In other words, no one would dare to act like Julia. 
He took a breath in and calmed his feelings before he looked at Julia and said, "I'm now willing to turn over a new leaf, but Liz doesn't want to look at me, so I hope that you can help me out, Grandma.Don't tell me that you want to see her become someone else's granddaughter-in-law.You must have seen how Will is treating Elisa." 
Julia's expression changed. 
What Gareth said hit her sore spot.He was right. 
She wasn't willing to see Liz marry another man and become someone else's granddaughter-in- law.She would be so envious! But...Her grandson was so disappointing! In an instant, Julia was at a loss for words.She opened her mouth, but she didn't know what to say. 
Gareth could see the grievance in her eyes. 
But... 
Gareth was being so unusual today.
She looked at him doubtfully again, "You really like Elisa? So you were moved by her when she treated you coldly and indifferently? Why have I never noticed that you like to be in pain?" 
Gareth felt dumbstruck. 
By not saying anything, he seemed to have agreed implicitly. 
But...how would Julia find out? Gareth didn't say anything or talk back to her.He also didn't want to let her know why he wanted to reconcile with Elisa.He would never like that woman. 
Even if he changed his mind about Elisa, he wouldn't have feelings for her. 
It was impossible. 
But what he had said was the truth. 
If he was choosing a companion, Elisa was indeed the best choice. 
No one was more suitable than her. 
But... 
Gareth was now unsure. 
Speaking about suitable partners, Nicole was a good choice.She might even be a better choice than Elisa. 
Elisa nad now completely let go of Gareth. 
Even if they got married again in the future, she wouldn't do anything for him wholeheartedly. 
But Nicole was different.
She was unswerving in her love for Gareth and was willing to do anything for him. 
Furthermore, Nicole had a much more valuable identity than Elisa, and the Tabor family was in support of her as the only daughter. 
To everyone else, Nicole was the best choice on the surface! Seeing her grandson silent, the suspicion in Julia's heart grew. 
"If you don't like Flisa, why do you want to reconcile with her? So what if she’s a good fit? Many are a good fit.From what you're saying, anyone will do if they can carry on the family line.Nicole is excellent.The Tabor family would also agree if you wanted to marry her.Why do you have to choose Elisa?" 
Gareth’s brows wrinkled. 
He pursed his lips and didn't want to say anything, but Julia continued in a low voice, "I didn't put on a show previously when I announced publicly that Liz would be like my own granddaughter in the future.I meant it." 
Gareth nodded. 
"I know.He never had any doubt about it.Julia snorted coldly. 
"So you should know full well that I won't let any scum hold Liz back anymore.I won't let her suffer grievances.No one can bully Liz!" 
No one. 
Julia emphasized these two words.
###chapter623
Chapter 623
Gareth was dumbstruck. 
Right now, he felt that Grandma not only acknowledged Elisa as her granddaughter, but she also treated him like less of a grandson now. 
He sighed in frustration. 
Julia continued, "So you won't do either.If you can't give me a good enough reason, I won't help you.I will even stop you!" 
Gareth felt stupefied. 
If Elisa was still around, she would've been very touched. 
Gareth sighed and said in slight exasperation. 
"You're right.I like her" 
He didn't mind lying to reach his goals. 
Furthermore, Elisa no longer wanted to date and fall in love. 
The two of them should get together. 
Fitting. 
Gareth said it to himself twice.He didn't know if he was repressing some kind of complicated feelings. 
"You...At that moment, Julia didn't know what to say.Her eyes were filled with disbelief...He really likes Liz? Gareth looked at Julia and didn't say a word, but his intentions were clear.He wanted to remarry
Elisa because he liked her.Julia’s expression changed unconsciously.But when she thought of what had just happened, she couldn't help but ask, "You came back tonight to eat with me, but you came to see Liz?" 
Gareth nodded without hesitation. 
"I did hear that she was coming over" 
Julia suddenly couldn't hold back her smile. 
"You brat.You've changed your mind.Why am I so disbelieving? Do you really like I.iz? But Gareth, your personality is a little..." 
Despicable. 
Julia couldn't say it aloud. 
After all, this was her grandson.She would be going overboard if she said so. 
It was obvious that Gareth's face had darkened. 
Even if Grandma didn't say it out loud, he knew what she meant. 
After calming down, he said, "In the past, I misunderstood her.I thought that she was a devious and vain woman, so I didn't have a good impression of her, but now, I can see that she is independent and outstanding.She can thrive without me and doesn't need to be vain." 
Julia was slightly startled. 
"My grandson is acknowledging his mistake?" 
Gareth was dumbfounded.He felt that Grandma's gut reactions today were an act to shame him.
But at the next moment, Julia patted his shoulder happily. 
"I'm thrilled that you've changed your mind now!" 
"So will you help me?" 
Julia shook her head at once. 
"No- Gareth was floored.He looked at Julia, confused.She snorted coldly. 
"Don't blame me for being cruel.I also want you to be happy, but you should be able to remember how you treated Liz in the past.You tormented and abandoned her because of another woman.As a bystander, I can remember all of it clearly.What more Liz? Have you ever thought about how hopeless she was when she left you back then?" 
Gareth's expression changed slightly. 
In a flash, he thought of the day they signed the divorce papers. 
He said that he would give the villa to Elisa, but she didn't want it, because anywhere with him was filthy. 
If she hadn't been in deep despair, she wouldn't have said something so piercing and unpleasant. 
But...she didn't say it in rage, did she? It must have come from the bottom of her heart.
###chapter624
Chapter 624
Now Elisa would want to leave as soon as she saw him.She didn't want to stay in the same room as him. 
If it wasn't for Grandma's sake, she wouldn't have eaten with him. 
And, of course, they wouldn't even meet. 
Gareth wrinkled his brows and raised his eyes to look at Julia. 
"Grandma, I need your help. Once we remarry, she will be my wife and the only woman in my life. I won't let her suffer any pain, and I will be a competent husband." 
A competent husband. 
That was all it was.He would give her everything that other women had, but he wouldn't invest other feelings. 
But Gareth seemed to have forgotten that Elisa wasn't someone who lacked material goods. 
What use would she have for a man without affection? She was well-connected and exceptional, and she had the money. 
There was nothing she couldn't resolve, and she didn't have to do anything illegal. 
Moreover, she didn't need romantic love at this time. 
Julia's brows wrinkled tightly.
After hesitating for a moment, she said indifferently, "I won't help you at the moment.I'll see how you perform in the future" 
Gareth was stumped. 
Since Grandma had already said so, after much thought, he knew that there was no point in trying to convince her.He could only nod. 
"Alright.You can observe and think about it in the future.The two of us will take you out if there's an opportunity." 
"The two of you?" 
In a flash, it was as though Julia's innermost being was filled with anticipation. 
"Do you want to?" 
"Of course I..." 
Before she could finish, she suddenly came to her senses and berated him at once. 
"You brat! You're tricking me again! You were planning to coerce Liz if I said that I wanted it! I won't be fooled!" 
Gareth was taken aback.He sighed in frustration. 
"You can observe and think about it.You will believe me in the end.I have some things to deal with, so I'll be leaving." 
Julia pursed her lips. 
"Alright, go!"
The brat is leaving right after he tells her what he came for. 
How ungrateful! Seeing her sulk, Gareth said in exasperation, "Dad will come over in a while.He'll arrive in about ten minutes.I have to take over from him, so I'm going to meet him now" 
Julia waved her hands. 
"Go on" 
Gareth nodded.He didn't say anything else as he turned to leave. 
Watching her grandson's figure, Julia's feelings grew more complicated. 
Liz and Gareth... 
These two kids... 
Julia couldn't help but sigh, and she kept thinking about it.She didn’t even hear when Jerry had arrived. 
"Mom?" 
Julia only came to her senses when he called her for the third time.She was startled when she saw Jerry standing in front of her. 
"You gave me a fright." 
Jerry was slightly baffled. 
He sat down next to her and asked in a perplexed manner, "What are you thinking about that you were so enraptured? I called out to you three times." 
"Huh? Really?"
Julia was a little puzzled. 
"I didn’t hear you." 
"What are you thinking about?" 
"Gareth said something to me just now, and I thought that it was unbelievable.I feel like something isn't right..." 
Julia wrinkled her brows as though she was still mystified after much thought. 
Jerry was a little amused. 
"What did he say?" 
What did Gareth do to make his mother like this? Julia furrowed her brows, and for a moment, she didn't know what to say. She could only say in exasperation, "This brat..."
###chapter625
Chapter 625
She didn't know how to go on and if she should tell Jerry about it. 
"Hmm?" 
It was the first time Jerry had seen his mother hesitate. 
"What is it that you can't tell me?" 
Julia's eyes flashed. 
In the end, she told Jerry what had happened. 
Astonishment flickered across his eyes. 
"He wants to reconcile with Elisa?" 
Julia nodded. 
"But I still feel like he's tricking me somehow. 
Does he really like Liz? If he doesn't, I don't want him to hurt Liz again." 
Jerry didn't say anything, as if he was thinking about something. 
Julia chattered on. 
"I'm worried, but I don't know what to do. If I try to get them together as I did back then, it's not fair to Liz, but what if Gareth regrets it? Liz used to like him so much back then. She might have put it down for the time being, but maybe her feelings for him have yet to vanish..."
She paused for a moment and couldn't help but continue, "Many times, things aren't what I say they are. Many things depend on themselves… Sigh." 
Jerry nodded. 
"That's right. Mom, I think you shouldn't interfere in this. Let the kids be. We can't stop Gareth from doing what he wants to do. At the same time, I don’t want Liz to feel wronged. If you keep playing matchmaker for them, Liz will listen to you for your sake. It will put her in a difficult position." 
Julia couldn't help but nod. She sighed and said, "Yes… I'm afraid of that, so 1 don't dare to mess around. But now, what I don't understand is if Gareth is feeling remorseful. Don't tell me he has other motives!" 
Jerry's brows furrowed. 
For a moment, he didn't know what to say. 
But he felt that his son shouldn't have such a poor character. 
He paused and finally said, "Just leave this aside and let it be." 
Julia opened her mouth and was about to say something, but she didn't know what to say. 
The agitation in her heart grew. 
"Ah… this child causes so much trouble!" 
Old Madam Wickam couldn't help but sigh.She didn't say anything else. 
Herry smiled and didn't say anything. 
After Gareth met up with Jerry, he returned to the office.
It was just that... 
He didn't work. 
He sat behind his office desk, and the scene of eating dinner with Elisa unconsciously appeared in his mind. 
It was as if he could remember every frown and every smile of hers. 
In an instant, Gareth’s expression changed. 
When he came to his senses, his face was particularly nasty. 
What is wrong with Elisa? Gareth's lips pursed tightly, and his gaze was cold. 
He took a breath in as though calming his emotions before turning on the computer and preparing to work. 
When Elisa reached home, she showered and got ready for bed. 
But... 
She never expected that her cell phone would ring as soon as she lay on the bed. 
Looking at the caller ID, her features froze slightly, and she slowly answered the call. 
"What's up?" 
In the past, she would call him 'Mr.Darcey’. 
But ever since what had happened, she called him Will’ and said that she would treat him as a friend.
She had no way to call him 'Mr.Darcey’ after that. 
She didn't want to call him 'Will' so often either, as she felt that it was quite uncomfortable. 
"Can't I look for you if nothing is up?" 
The magnetic and gentle voice rang in her ear. 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly.She held on to her cell phone and didn't say anything.
###chapter626
Chapter 626
"Are you at home?" 
Elisa answered with ease, "Mm.I'm about to go to bed." 
Will smiled. 
"Mm.Do you want to have lunch together tomorrow?" 
The corner of Elisa's mouth twitched slightly. 
"Sorry, I'm busy." 
"Pfft." 
Will raised his brows. 
"Can you be more mindful when you turn me down?" 
Elisa didn't want to waste time with him, so she said calmly, "Is there any other reason you're looking for me?" 
"Yes." 
"What is it?" 
Elisa wasn't in a rush to hang up. 
"I miss you." 
Elisa felt stupefied.She didn't want to talk nonsense with this man and was about to hang up.
But he knew what she was thinking about. 
Just as she was about to tap on her screen, his voice rang in her ears. 
"Do you have any thoughts about the proposal?" 
"Not yet.I'm thinking about it." 
It was mainly because she had a lot on her plate recently. 
Moreover, she couldn't work with Will soon, so she wasn't in a rush to think about the proposal on Will's side. 
"Mm.I'm just asking.There's no rush." 
There was a gentle smile in the corner of Will's lips. 
Elisa nodded. 
"Alright.It's late, and I want to go to bed.If there's nothing else..." 
She didn't continue, but her intentions were clear. 
Will sighed. 
"Mm.Rest well.I'll come and look for you tomorrow at noon." 
Elisa's brows furrowed, and she said at once, "Will Darcey." 
She only said his name.Will smiled lightly. 
"Isn't this the only way to keep you on the line?"
Elisa furrowed her brows again, but before she could say anything else, Will smiled and said, "I'm just kidding.Rest well." 
Will was alright in this regard. 
Even if he wanted to tease her, he wouldn't go overboard, and he would stop before it went too far so she wouldn't get sick of him.Elisa didn't want to say anything else, so she hung up. 
But... 
Just as Elisa was about to go to bed, she received a text message on her cell phone. 
She was feeling a little annoyed, but her sleepiness suddenly vanished when she saw that it was a message from Norman. 
—Norman: 'May I know if you will have the time to continue cracking the code today?’ She replied at once that she was free right now. 
Norman was overjoyed when he saw the reply.He immediately replied with words of gratitude. 
Elisa wasn't planning to sleep right away. 
After all, it was only around nine o'clock. 
She walked to her computer and sat down as she started to crack the code. 
As for Gareth... 
He had been keeping an eye out for the hacker. 
When he noticed that someone had breached his perimeters, he intercepted them personally.
The IT department of Wickam Group sighed in relief when they noticed. 
Their boss’ skills were above theirs. 
Now with him undertaking the task, they could breathe a sigh of relief. 
It was a game between two heavyweights. 
It was as though Gareth was gaining the upper hand, but also as if he was letting the hacker in. 
The two of them negotiated. 
Elisa expressed what she had said previously.She wouldn't breach the final level.She had her limits, but she had to do it for certain reasons.She would compensate him after it was all over. 
But how could Gareth trust what the other party was saying? They were breaching each level. 
Could he put up with them breaching Wickam Group's confidential information until the last level? But... 
Gareth let them in. 
No one knew what he was thinking about. 
However...
###chapter627
Chapter 627
Those in the IT department couldn't help but start discussing. 
"Do you think Mr.Wickam has some tricks up his sleeve? Otherwise, why didn't he intercept? It's almost as if he was scouting out the other party" 
The person who was speaking was a young man in his early twenties.He had a good reputation for his hacking abilities domestically, and he looked very gentle. 
He wore gold-framed glasses, which attracted many girls. 
A burly man with a rough voice immediately retorted, "How could this be? Are we going to watch on helplessly as they stomp through our confidential information?" 
The gentle young man furrowed his brows slightly. 
He looked at the burly man and said in a low voice, "You should know about Mr.Wickam’s skills.He didn't stop them.What I mean is that Mr.Wickam may have other plans.When they get carried away, Mr.Wickam might be able to find information on the person who is snooping around at our classified information" 
When other people heard it, they couldn't help but nod. 
"Mm.This is possible." 
Just as they were discussing, Elisa had broken through the tenth level. 
The IT department seemed to be panicking. 
"What happened...What's going on? Why didn't Mr.Wickam stop them?"
"This...this..." 
"Mr.Wickam might be looking for their identity and may want to find out more about them?" 
"But he shouldn't let them be.Has something gone wrong?" 
The person who was the topic of their discussion was sitting in his office at the time. 
His hands were in control of the keyboard, and the series of codes on the screen kept changing so quickly that it was a blur.But Gareth felt that something wasn't right. 
So he continued tapping away quickly on his keyboard. 
Up until... 
When he hit enter, his expression darkened in an instant. 
The webcam was turned on for a split second, and a slim figure was seen. 
The person's face couldn't be seen. 
But just as he wanted to observe longer, the video was suddenly turned off.It was obvious that the other party had turned it off. 
The slim figure was incredibly familiar to him. 
There was a split second where he doubted himself and wondered if he was mistaken! How can she...! But at the next moment, he didn't want to touch the computer. 
He picked up his cell phone and got up. 
At that moment, Elisa's expression was nasty.
She felt that she had made a huge mistake! She hadn't covered her webcam completely! The other party had caught a glimpse of her. 
If she was right, the person who cracked her webcam was Gareth himself. 
She knew of his hacking abilities. 
At the very least, she was sure that no employee from Wickam Group could crack her, but Gareth... 
Isn't he with Grandma? The frown on Elisa's brows deepened. 
Her cell phone suddenly rang. 
—Norman: ‘Chief, I've transferred another three hundred million. 
Thank you for your trouble!’ Elisa didn't reply, but she felt great receiving billions from Norman lately. 
She didn't know if Gareth was still around, so she decided to go on. 
He didn't stop her in the end. 
He must have been investigating who was making a move against him. 
Gareth should be investigating her identity next. 
Elisa sighed. 
Sometimes when she was met with great skills, she had no other way.
###chapter628
Chapter 628
One hour later, Elisa was still breaching Wickam Group, and no one had stopped her. 
Her doorbell suddenly rang. 
Elisa was startled and slightly surprised. 
She immediately tapped on her keyboard and secured what she had before she got up and walked to the door.She was a little astonished. 
Who would come so late at night? She was struggling and wondering if it was Carle... 
She had chatted with Carle for a while today, and she wasn't overly enthusiastic as she gave him one- word replies. 
However... 
When she walked to the door and saw that the visitor was Gareth, her expression immediately turned nasty.She couldn't attend to so much.She returned to her computer at once and handled everything quickly. 
The desktop resumed its usual appearance, and she turned off the display screen. 
The doorbell was still ringing. 
Elisa walked to the door again and opened it. 
"Why are you here so late at night?" 
This time, Elisa was surprised because Gareth didn't knock on the door loudly.
But she sized Gareth up with a cold and deep gaze.She wasn't as flustered as she had been previously, but she felt sheepish for some reason. 
Did Gareth find out that it was her? But... 
She hadn't shown her face at the time, and it was only for a split second. 
Could he have found out that it was her? If he hadn't found out, his company’s confidential information would have been breached. 
Why was he looking for her instead of keeping watch at the company? A cold expression streaked across a deep part of her eyes, but she didn't say anything. 
Gareth didn't care if Elisa stepped aside.He made his way in, and he took in the scent of her and her house. 
For some reason, the irritation he felt seemed to have been subdued by the sweet scent. 
Elisa didn't say anything, and she closed the door. 
Gareth didn't walk to Elisa's computer. 
Instead, he walked to the couch and sat down as his gaze fell on her. 
"Are you helping Norman? Do you want revenge?" 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. 
As expected, he found out. 
He gave up stopping her and came to look for her instead.
What else could she say? Elisa walked to the other end of the couch and sat down. 
"Since you've found out, I'm letting you know that I won't do anything to Wickam Group.I'll stop on the nineteenth level." 
It's really her! Gareth's gaze froze over for a split second. 
He had felt that the figure resembled her, and he could recognize the small red mole on her arm that had flashed across the screen. 
But... 
When Elisa admitted it, he felt inexpressible shock! She...How can it be her?'How can Elisa be one of The Three Musketeers! 
"You're Black-Eyed Susan." 
The Three Musketeers consisted of two men and one woman. 
Everyone knew this, but no one knew their actual identities. 
Black-Eyed Susan. 
It was Elisa's pseudonym in The Three Musketeers. 
The Black-Eyed Susan is a flower with yellow petals and a dark center. 
Its common name is Black-Eyed Susan because of the dark center in the middle, but it has little to do with the meaning of the flower. 
The flower symbolizes justice, fairness, truth, and differentiating right from wrong.
It looks like a sunflower and grows upright in the direction of the sun, symbolizing integrity, duty, as well as good conduct. 
The Black-Eyed Susan is unusual and has a pretty stance. 
It is unique and has its beauty. 
It also exemplifies extraordinary love, whereby people can use the flower to express their feelings and articulate their thoughts. 
The flower also embodies peace, nobility, elegance, and high moral integrity with its persistence. 
Elisa didn't say anything, but her silence meant her indirect admission.
###chapter629
Chapter 629
Gareth suddenly laughed in his rage. 
Elisa. 
Elisa Benett. 
This woman is incredible! Seeing Gareth's manner, Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. 
After all, she was breaching his company’s classified information. 
He might not believe what she said. 
Thinking about it, she could only say, "Norman has done so many evil deeds.He killed my father, while his daughter destroyed my marriage.The family is heartless, and I must take revenge.Norman is giving me one hundred million for each level I breach.It's non-refundable if I fail" 
Gareth was dumbstruck.He looked at Elisa and didn't say anything. 
When he heard her say ‘destroyed marriage’, he didn't know why but his heart tightened.She was earning two billion, like taking candy from a baby. 
With her skills, she could have done it in a day. 
She split it up into a few days to keep Norman hanging. 
At that moment, this woman was stealing his company’s crucial information, but he wasn’t angry when he found out that it was her.He looked at her indifferently. 
"You can crack the final level.I won't stop you."
Elisa's eyes flashed a little.She looked at him and slowly said, "What are your conditions?" 
It was obvious that something else was coming. 
Gareth said indifferently, "For the next two months, you have to visit Grandma more than twenty times.I know you'll do as you say." 
In other words, as long as Elisa agreed, he wouldn't stop her.And Elisa would get to reap the benefits before she had to carry out her promise. 
Elisa was a little astonished. 
"Is this the only condition?" 
Visiting Grandma twenty times was doable. 
And this wasn't much of a condition for her. 
She had been busy with work previously and didn't have the opportunity to visit Grandma.She felt guilty and had wanted to make up for it, but she never imagined that Gareth would make such a request. 
"Is there a problem?" 
"No.I'm okay with it." 
Gareth glanced at her indifferently. 
"Continue cracking the code." 
Elisa was flabbergasted.
Isn't he going to leave?Is he going to stay here and watch her breach his sequences one by one? As she was thinking about it, Gareth walked to her study room. 
Elisa's brows furrowed at once. 
"Gareth." 
"Let me see how Black-Eyed Susan usually cracks the program." 
Elisa got up and followed him as if afraid he would mess up her computer. 
She said, "You've already seen me from my webcam.Do you need to watch me do it?" 
Gareth pulled up a chair to her computer desk. 
It was evident he wanted to sit there with her. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly but didn't say anything. 
Since he wasn't stopping her, she should quit while she was ahead.She walked to her computer and started tapping away at her keyboard.Her fingers were delicate and tender. 
They weren't too thin, like skin and bones. 
There was a layer of flesh around them, but it didn't make her fingers look too stubby.They were just right. 
When Gareth looked at her beautiful hands, he couldn't take his eyes off them. 
At that moment...he wasn't even looking at the computer screen.
Her fingers moved quickly on the keyboard, almost as if Gareth had double vision.His gaze froze slightly, and he slowly looked up at the person who was facing the computer calmly.Her long hair fell on both sides of her cheeks, and a portion of her palm-sized, oval face was hidden, making it seem daintier. 
Not much emotion could be seen in her almond eyes. 
Even if he looked carefully, he couldn't probe the abyss in her eyes.She sent Norman proof after she was done tapping on the keys. 
—Norman: "Thank you! You've worked hard, chief! You're so strong!’
###chapter630
Chapter 630
Elisa snorted coldly, and an intense chill streaked deep across her eyes. 
After seeing the transfer notification, she continued cracking the code. 
She seemed to have...ignored the man next to her. 
Even Gareth was surprised that he could interact with Elisa so casually.He recalled every other time he interacted with her. 
They could never sit down and speak to each other peacefully. 
And now, even if they didn't say anything, they were quite calm. 
As for Wickam Group's IT department... 
Everyone was stupefied. 
The jaw of the rough, burly man was about to drop. 
"D*mn it! They've reached the eighteenth level.Why isn't Mr.Wickam letting us fight back?" 
The man with the gold-framed glasses was also dumbfounded but said, "Mr.Wickam has stopped interfering and instructed us to ignore it.Maybe he has his reasons for it." 
Everyone stared at their computer screens. 
"Which one of The Three Musketeers is doing this? It's frightening!" 
"Perhaps...Mr.Wickam doesn't plan to stop them.Maybe they've reached some sort of agreement.Since Mr.Wickam instructed us not to stop them, let's not do anything."
Everyone was silent and didn't say anything. 
At Benett Residence, Rose had been unable to wholeheartedly keep Linda company at the hospital because of Norman. 
There was an endless worry in her heart.She was fearful that Norman was going to spend all their money. 
Seeing him beam from ear to ear, the worry in her brows increased. 
Norman looked at Rose's cold face in his glee and suddenly sneered. 
"Why are you still frowning? Can't you see that Wickam Group's confidential information is about to be cracked?" 
Rose's face was dark. 
"Do you know what kind of presence Wickam Group has? Do you think that they have the nerve to pluck the tiger's hair? We're in such straits because we tested the waters back then.You're being tricked, Norman! But you still stubbornly persist in going about things the wrong way.You've gone mad!" 
"Look at it! Look at this for yourself! That big shot has breached the nineteenth level! After this, only one level is left.Do you think they will fail? Come over and look at it!" 
Because of Rose's previous foolishness, Norman wasn't treating her very well.On top of her recent attitude, Norman regarded her with much disdain. 
Rose walked over in a rage. 
"Norman Benett, you madman" 
She had no way to stop Norman.
All their money was with him.He could do whatever he wanted with it. 
Right now, she could only watch as Norman did something ludicrous! Seeing Norman show her the proof, Rose was stupefied all of a sudden. 
"All these.." 
She couldn't help but reach out to hold Norman's cell phone, but... 
Norman pulled it away. 
"Just look at it." 
Rose's brows furrowed tightly, and she thought that something wasn't right, but she stared straight at the cell phone as though afraid to miss anything. 
When Norman showed her everything, Rose hadn't come to her senses. 
He snorted coldly. 
"What do you think? You've seen it for yourself" 
Rose took a slight breath in.She shook her head subconsciously. 
"They breached the nineteenth level so easily? Do you think Gareth is a fool?"
###chapter631
Chapter 631
"What do you know? The Three Musketeers are the best in the world.No matter how excellent Wickam Group's hackers are, can they beat The Three Musketeers?" 
Rose was unconvinced. 
"Do you think The Three Musketeers can shake up Wickam Group's position?" 
"Of course!" 
Norman had a disdainful expression. 
"Do you think The Three Musketeers are incompetent?" 
"But...!" 
"They breached it! Only the twentieth level is left!" 
Before Rose could finish, Norman looked excitedly at the proof that Elisa had sent.He replied to her in a delighted manner. 
—Norman: 'I'll transfer the money to you right away!’ As he replied, he was also instructing his subordinates to transfer the money. 
Rose was about to break down! 
"You still owe five hundred million! How are you going to pay it back?!" 
Norman said flatly, "Do you think my shares won't earn interest in the future?"
Rose was flabbergasted.She felt that something wasn't right, but she couldn't help but ask, "Are they really at the final level?" 
"Do you think that I'm lying? As long as we deal with Wickam Group, we won't have to compromise like this anymore! No one will bully us in the future, and Linda can be discharged soon’ "As long as no one investigates, this will be settled! And the only opportunity is Wickam Group's classified information!" 
Rose's brows furrowed tightly, and she felt that there was something fishy about it, but she couldn't say a word.She just felt scared and on edge. 
"There must be something strange about this! Norman, you're destroying our family!" 
Norman couldn't be bothered to argue with Rose.He stared at his cell phone with anticipation instead. 
They were now at the final level, and they were close to succeeding. 
It was right in front of their eyes. 
He was just waiting for a reply from Black-Eyed Susan. 
Ten minutes. 
Twenty minutes. 
An hour had passed, but there was still no reply. 
Rose and Norman stayed up overnight while waiting. 
Rose wrinkled her brows. 
"Why are they taking so long this time? Are they playing a trick on you?"
Norman's expression changed slightly, but at the next moment, he said in a low voice, "No way!" 
The Three Musketeers had a well-known reputation. 
They would never leave something unfinished, nor would they go overboard. 
"The difficulty of the final level must have increased.You're just a married woman.What do you know?" 
"I don't know anything? Which part am I not understanding? It's obvious that you're being tricked!" 
"Can you stop being such a d*mn doomsayer"" 
Norman was already feeling very anxious, but the woman was still yammering on.He wanted to slap her unconscious so she would stop bothering him. 
Norman didn't Know that the person in question whose success he kept praying for was now sitting in front of the computer but not touching the keyboard at all. 
And the man was still next to her. 
Elisa looked at the man next to her subconsciously.Her voice was slightly strange as she asked, "When are you leaving?" 
Gareth calmly said, "As someone who has offered up so much, I have to know how it ends." 
Elisa was stunned. 
In the end, she didn't chase him away but instead said serenely, "What are you planning to do about Norman since he's done such a thing?" 
"Since you want to take revenge, I'll leave it to you"
Garcth's voice was al ease. 
Elisa glanced at the man and didn't say anything. 
She didn't believe him.
###chapter632
Chapter 632
If he didn’t do anything and waited for her to make a move, he could save time and energy. 
But Elisa didn't plan to say anything.She sent a reply to Norman on her computer. 
—Black-Eyed Susan: 'Unsuccessful: She only sent him one word. 
At that moment, Gareth seemed to pity Norman. 
After all, two billion was down the drain. 
At that moment, Norman had waited until dawn. 
When he received the message, he instantly said with gratitude, "They must have succeeded!" 
Although Rose kept berating Norman for going too far and thought that he had been tricked, at that moment, the expectation in her heart lit up, and she immediately leaned forward to look at Norman's cell phone. 
She never imagined that...She would only see one word. 
Norman was numb, but Rose was one step faster in coming to her senses. 
In a flash, she cried and shouted as she kicked his leg violently. 
"This is your so-called success! They did this deliberately when they reached the final level! You're a fool, Norman Benett! Why did I marry such an idiot?" 
Rose was about to go crazy with rage.Her eyes were filled with panic and fear.
Norman's expression was as pale as a ghost.He shook his head in disbelief and looked at the cell phone carefully.He felt that something wasn't right and immediately spoke in a low voice. 
"This hacker must be joking with me.There's no way she can't succeed.I've given her money at every level, and it has never gone wrong.How can she do something so half-heartedly? And she’s already breached the first nineteen levels.Why can't she crack the final level?" 
Rose punched and kicked him furiously, but Norman was numb. 
He said absentmindedly, "She's already offended Wickam Group.What's the point of giving up? No! She must be joking with me!" 
As he was thinking about it, he sent her a message. 
—Norman: 'Chief, you must be kidding, right? You've succeeded, haven't you? Or are you saying that you want a fina] payment?’ Right now, Norman would much rather the other party ask for a final payment It was better than failing! Even as the woman next to him kept crying and shouting, he didn't hear the noise. 
He kept looking at his cell phone. 
The fear in his heart surpassed anything else. 
Just as he was waiting, his cell phone suddenly rang. 
Norman looked at it at once. 
Even Rose leaned forward to look at it carefully. 
—Black-Eyed Susan: 'T failed. 
There's no need for me to hold back since I've breached it, but their final level is too difficult.
I'm powerless: Norman was aghast. 
How can this be? How can this be! His hands were trembling non-stop. 
He had spent two billion. 
It wasn't a small amount. 
Was he supposed to just Ict it go down the drain? Who could put up with such pain? He looked for Black-Eyed Susan in a hurry to talk about it and begged her incessantly to settle the matter. 
But her reply was always the same. 
She couldn't do it, and it was impossible. 
In the end, she stopped replying. 
Norman was about to go crazy. 
At that moment, Rose completely broke down. 
She immediately snatched Norman's cell phone. 
"What are you doing?" 
Norman looked at Rose angrily but saw the woman act like a maniac. 
"She must refund the money if she fails.She took so much money from you, but she's saying she can't do it? Who is she kidding?!"
###chapter633
Chapter 633
Seeing that Rose had picked up his phone and started to type, Norman immediately got up and rushed to Rose, wanting to grab his cell phone back. 
"You're mad! Give me back my cell phone!" 
Rose gripped the cell phone tightly and didn't plan on returning it to Norman. 
She said furiously, "Who is the madman? Can't you ask for your money back since she failed? It's two billion! You have so much debt right now, and we don't have a house.You've been a shareholder for so many years, Norman.Why are you giving all your money to others? Do you think it's easy to earn twenty billion? Is this all you have after so many years?" 
Norman's brows furrowed tightly, and he yelled furiously, "It's because I didn't have so many shares back then! I didn't have my current position either.Hasn't what I earned this year multiplied? Don't you dare send it, Rose Meek! Maybe she's just trying to trick me, and perhaps she will still crack it!" 
Rose was frustrated, and she said hotly, "It's obvious that she doesn't want to offend Wickam Group in the end.She knows when to stop.She doesn't have to do anything after receiving your money.How are you so stupid, Norman? You're a moron!" 
"Wench! Lunatic!" 
Norman saw the chance and took it as he snatched his cell phone back. 
"Give it to me! Give me your cell phone! Who cares if she wants money? You've destroyed the family beyond recognition!"
Rose grabbed at the cell phone madly.But there was a big difference in strength between men and women. 
Norman pushed her onto the couch and held his cell phone tightly so Rose wouldn't get her way. 
Seeing that she was crawling up to snatch his cell phone, Norman spoke fiercely. 
"This is all thanks to you! Go and take care of Linda right now, Rose! Otherwise, it’s over between us!" 
"Norman Benett! You're crazy! You're a madman!!" 
Secing Norman go to the bedroom, she immediately chased after him, but she never thought that he would close the door and lock it from the inside. 
No matter how hard Rose knocked, he didn't respond. 
At that moment, Elisa had turned off her computer. 
The sky was almost bright. 
The man had stayed at her house for so long. 
The two of them could actually get along so peacefully. 
She knew that for the three years that they had been married, he had never been in the same room with her to keep her company. 
But now... 
Elisa felt like it was a figment of her imagination.
But she only thought about it.She knew that the man had his motives.She thought that it was unfortunate. 
Will treated her as such, and this man that loathed her to no end slowly started to change his attitude and put up with her to reach his goals. 
Should she feel proud that she had such value in use, or should she feel sad about it? Other than being made use of by others, did she have any other redeeming features? Elisa turned to look at the man next to her. 
Seeing that he was still in his chair and didn't plan on leaving, she asked calmly, "You've seen the ending.Is there something else you're waiting to see, Mr.Wickam?" 
Upon seeing her cherry lips close and open, Gareth’'s gaze suddenly darkened. 
A thought that surprised him appeared in his mind! Waiting to watch her shower. 
Gareth's breathing was suddenly a little messy.He must have spent too much time with Vincent and was influenced. 
Elisa was dumbfounded.She looked suspiciously at the man in front of her, whose expression had suddenly changed. 
"What's wrong with you?"
###chapter634
Chapter 634
Gareth came to his senses in an instant and his brows furrowed tightly. 
"Nothing." 
He got up after that. 
What he needed to do right now was to calm down. 
At the next moment, he said in a low voice, "Don't forget what you promised me" 
Elisa nodded indifferently, "Visit Grandma twenty times.I don’t need you to remind me.I'll do it" 
Gareth didn't say a word as he walked out.It was as though Elisa was used to his hurried coming and going. 
When she heard the door shut, she got up and stretched. 
She picked up her cell phone and took a shower before returning to her bedroom and laying down. 
Seeing Norman send messages ceaselessly on the back end, Elisa blocked him. 
Asking for two billion was cutting him some slack. 
But...this wasn't the end. 
This was only for the time being.She would get back twice as much in the future.She wouldn't let the family get their way. 
As for Norman...
He couldn't sleep at all! He had been up the whole night and lost two billion for nothing! He couldn't accept it! He really couldn't accept it! "Norman, are you going to let me in?!" 
Rose was still punching and kicking the door on the outside. 
Norman was anxious, but he knew that the woman wouldn't leave him alone if he didn't open the door. 
He locked his cell phone and took a deep breath in before he opened the door while restraining his anger. 
Rose rushed in to look for Norman's cell phone, but he looked at her coldly. 
"Stop looking for it! I've locked it, and you can't open it!" 
"Norman Benett!" 
Rose was in a towering rage. 
"Are you crazy? You're not finding fault with her even though she didn't accomplish it.Can't you just ask for your money back?" 
"No!" 
Norman held his breath and finally said what he had been unwilling to say. 
"In the beginning, she told me that it was non-refundable if she failed." 
Rose was confounded.She had a nasty expression on her face. 
A wave of anger suddenly ignited. 
She swung her arm and slapped Norman's neck.
"If she said such a thing in the beginning, how did you have the nerve to let her do it? How stupid can you get, Norman Benett!" 
"Enough! How would I have known in the beginning that such a situation would occur? They're used to having such methods, so I just thought that they were just guarding against the unexpected." 
"Isn't what's happening the unexpected? They failed, and since they didn't guarantee anything, it means that they couldn't do it.You...you! How did I marry sucha nitwit?!" 
"Scram! Get lost! Do you think that this is the ending that I wanted?" 
Norman gritted his teeth. 
He bore a grudge against Black-Eyed Susan. 
But... 
What was the use of a grudge? That was all he could do. 
He couldn't do anything to her.He didn't have the nerve to offend her with her abilities. 
She could crack him in mere minutes. 
What else could he do? At that moment, Norman suddenly felt both mentally and physically exhausted. 
He had lost all his capital in the blink of an eye, and his position at the company wasn't secure. 
If Black-Eyed Susan had failed, Wickam Group must be investigating who had cracked their security. 
If they were more skilled than Black-Eyed Susan, wouldn't they find out that he was the one behind the scenes? In an instant! Norman's face was covered in a cold sweat.
What should he do? The pit of his stomach trembled uncontrollably, and there was an indescribable panic in his heart.He was done for this time! As for the person in question that Norman was so fearful of, he was sitting on his bed. 
Norman was at the back of his mind.
###chapter635
Chapter 635
He didn‘ care at all. 
Norman was a nobody.He wasn't interested in what nobody did. 
Gareth was driving. 
If Thomas was in the passenger's seat, he would've been able to tell that Mr.Wickam was in...a pretty good mood today? Gareth felt like time had passed quickly as he drove to the office. 
Even when he was at his office desk, he didn't feel sleepy at all and planned to continue dealing with work matters. 
It was just that... 
When he looked at the computer, the scene of Elisa sitting in front of the computer and concentrating on cracking Wickam Group's classified information appeared in his mind subconsciously. 
Levels of confidential information were like passing clouds before her. 
He knew that no one could stop her if Elisa wanted to crack it. 
Twenty levels were like a simple game to her.She didn't need to take too much trouble. 
How much is Elisa hiding from him? No one could understand his complicated feelings the instant that he found out that she was Black-Eyed Susan. 
He had once thought that the woman he married was a vain pretty face that would do anything to achieve her means.He thought that there was nothing good about her.
But now... 
When he uncovered her identities one after another, Gareth felt that his face...hurt a little. 
His brows furrowed tightly, and his thin lips were pursed. 
The strange feelings in his heart made his expression slowly turn cold. 
The next day, Elisa went to the office as usual. 
Her office was still a tiny space, but today she felt that such an office was very comforting. 
After all, the lighting in it was good. 
Just as she was about to deal with work, her cell phone suddenly rang. 
She looked at it and realized that it was a message from Gareth. 
—Gareth: ‘Take a picture and show me when you're visiting Grandma. 
Elisa was rendered speechless.She frowned, but she had made a promise. 
After all, he had a part to play in her earning two billion the day before, and he didn't even ask for a share. 
For that reason, she agreed. 
—Flisa: ‘Okay.She put down her cell phone and was going to continue with work, but she never expected to hear knocking at her door. 
"Liz, it's me." 
Kira’s gentle voice made its way to her ears.
"Come in." 
Kira opened the door and walked in. 
"Are you busy, Liz?" 
Elisa smiled. 
Seeing the pile of documents in Kira's hands, Elisa's voice was calm. 
"I'm just about to deal with work." 
Kira nodded. 
She placed the documents on Elisa's office desk and smiled. 
"Everyone is done with these documents.You need to look them over before you submit them to Ms.Kent." 
Elisa nodded. 
"Alright.I'll send it to Ms.Kent once I'm done’ Kira smiled and nodded. 
"Mm! After you became assistant manager, I noticed that some people might not be too happy.You have to be careful, Liz!" 
Elisa's gaze was peaceful, but she knew who Kira was referring to. 
"What has Ms.Dwyer been up to recently?" 
"After you took over half her work, Ms.Dwyer said that she's very relaxed.She's even grateful that you were promoted."
There was a sneer in the corner of Kira's mouth as she spoke. 
Kira had always been amiable. 
It was the first time that Elisa had seen her like that. 
Elisa's brows rose slightly, and she didn't say anything. 
Kira realized that she had lost self-control a little, and she came to her senses at once. 
"Cough...Liz, I meant..." 
Elisa smiled and nodded. 
"I understand."
###chapter636
Chapter 636
Kira coughed lightly but awkwardly and didn’t say a word 
“I forgot my manners. I shouldn’t have said that…” Kira’s eyes were filled with guilt. She couldn’t help but continue. “Liz, I think that you’re great. I don’t want you to be tormented, and I just wanted you to be on your guard ahead of time, but you’re amazing. I didn’t need to say it.” 
Elisa smiled and nodded. “Mm. I understand. You don’t have to explain it to me, Kira.” 
Kira instantly smiled and nodded back. “Mm. I understand. Please look at the documents when you have the time. If there’s anything you need, let me know any time.” 
Elisa nodded. “Alright.” 
Kira didn’t stay any longer. She talked for a while more before she left. 
Elisa stared for a while at the door that Kira had shut before she started working. 
When the day was over, Elisa felt that time had passed in the blink of an eye. 
In the week that followed, Elisa visited Julia three times. She would let Gareth know each time, but she never marked how many times she had left. After all, from how she saw it, it wasn’t a task. She intended to visit Grandma frequently. 
And her actions put Julia in a good mood. Julia was even filled with anticipation. 
But… 
Elisa seemed to see a complicated expression flicker across Julia’s eyes once in a while. There were a few times when she wanted to ask Julia about it but restrained herself and kept quiet.
Elisa thought that Grandma must have something that she wanted to say, but it wasn’t convenient for her to do so, so Elisa pretended that she didn’t see anything. She didn’t want to make things difficult for Grandma. 
After all, she was in a good place. Everything was going smoothly. 
Carle also kept contacting her during that week, but Elisa had no other alternative. She could only avoid him. 
And today was finally the day when Elisa was meeting Carle’s mother. 
At noon, Elisa, Rachel, and Sheena arrived at the restaurant early. 
Sheena and Rachel sat on one side, while Rachel sat across from Elisa. 
Sheena was a little nervous. She glanced at Elisa and couldn’t help but say frantically, “Liz, Mrs. Semoa doesn’t know what happened. Will she blame you… I’m worried that Mrs. Semoa…” 
Rachel laughed at once and shook her head. “She won’t. Mrs. Semoa is very understanding, alright? Have you forgotten how warmly she treated us?” 
“Don’t you remember what she did in the end when someone was bullying Carle back then?” 
In a flash, the three of them thought of the scene from back then. 
They were in high school, and Carle had been beaten up by a ruffian that wasn’t from their school. 
It was because the girl that the ruffian had his eye on liked Carle instead. She was always around Carle, and it enraged the ruffian, so he called some of his friends to deal with Carle.
Although Carle wasn’t badly hurt, Carle’s mother was furious and made it a big deal. Everyone who had laid a finger on Carle that day faced the consequences. Some of their past crimes were dug out, and they were sentenced indefinitely. 
After that, no one from the school had the nerve to do anything to Carle. It was also because of this that everyone found out about Carle’s identity. 
They found out that he was someone that no one could mess with. 
Carle was good-looking, had a good figure, and had a celebrated family background. He had good connections and was a top student. This made girls like him even more. Many wanted to fawn at him, but everyone knew that he only liked Elisa.
###chapter637
Chapter 637
Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything 
Rachel shook her head again. “There’s a different meaning. We’re all childhood friends and longtime friends of their family. No one wants such a situation to happen. Mrs. Semoa won’t be unreasonable.” 
Sheena sighed. “I was a little worried. Logically speaking, Mrs. Semoa shouldn’t act that way.” 
Shenna hung her head. She was feeling guilty. She shouldn’t have criticized Liz that day, but… Mrs. Semoa was more concerned about Carle than she was. He was her son, after all. 
Sheena grew increasingly worried. 
On the other hand, Elisa was calm. “What happened that day was indeed my fault. I think it’s understandable even if Mrs. Semoa blames me and reproaches me. Don’t overthink it, Sheen. I must be responsible for what I did.” 
Rachel wrinkled her brows tightly. “We’re all friends. You’re guilty because you treat Carle as a friend. But in such situations, dating is between two people. He pursued you relentlessly, Liz, and you didn’t want to accept him. You could only turn him down. I can only say that everything is a coincidence.” 
Sheena sighed as though she wished that it could be acknowledged. She nodded. “Mm. That’s right!” 
While they were waiting, a middle-aged woman in shades walked in slowly. Her good and beautiful figure was in a blue and white tracksuit, and her curly hair rested on her shoulders. 
Her hair was parted in the middle, and it exposed her full and smooth forehead. 
From her appearance, no one could tell that she was a woman in her forties.
The rest of them got up at once and greeted her respectfully. “Mrs. Semoa.” 
Holly nodded and walked to Rachel’s side. She sat down, and her voice was gentle. “Sit. You don’t have to be so uncomfortable.” 
The three of them nodded obediently and sat down. 
Holly wasn’t in a rush to speak as the four of them sat in the private room. 
There was a strong air around her. 
It wasn’t deliberate to coerce them. Holly had always been an able woman. 
Rachel smiled and handed Holly the menu. “Mrs. Semoa, what would you like to eat?” 
Holly smiled. “I’m fine with anything. You can order as you like.” 
Since she said so, Rachel didn’t insist further. She ordered a few items, and the server left. 
Only the four of them were left in the private room. 
Holly sighed gently and said softly, “Actually, I know why you asked me out today.” 
Rachel and Sheena’s mouths were open. They wanted to say something but stopped. 
As for Elisa, she raised her eyes slightly and looked at Holly. “Mrs. Semoa, I’m at fault, it’s just that…” 
Elisa had just started when Holly said, “Don’t stress yourself out over this or blame yourself, Liz. Everyone has their rights and their ways of doing things. Relationships work in mutual consent, and they can’t be forced.” 
Holly’s voice was very gentle. She wasn’t angry but very understanding of Elisa instead.
Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything as she waited for Holly to continue. 
Holly’s sigh was heard after that. 
“But this son of mine is affectionate and loves deeply. After so many years, you’re still the of his affection. I’ve known about it all along, but as I said, everyone has their rights. I can’t interfere in the relationship between the both of you.” 
Actually… 
She had high regard for Elisa.
###chapter638
Chapter 638
When Carle was in high school, she knew that her son liked Liz. She felt that the two of them could get together in the future since they were well-matched in various aspects. 
It was a shame… 
Holly sighed silently and didn’t say anything. 
Elisa also sighed slightly. She looked at Holly and saw that Holly didn’t have her usual cold expression. Instead, there was a gentle smile on her face. Elisa’s guilt and complicated feelings increased. 
“Mrs. Semoa, with my current situation, you should know that… I am not worthy of Carle.” 
Holly’s eyes flashed slightly, and she looked at Elisa subconsciously. “We don’t mind.” 
Elisa’s gaze trembled slightly. Sheena and Rachel were a little perplexed. 
Although they were close to Carle, they didn’t interact much with his family. They would meet older members of his family from time to time, but they didn’t know them well. 
Holly’s manner expressed that she didn’t mind Elisa being divorced as long as the two of them were willing. 
This was why she didn’t stop the two of them from getting together when she heard it from her son. 
Elisa took a breath in and shook her head gently. She said with a bitter smile, “Mrs. Semoa, my current circle is a little chaotic. Others might think that I’m being reckless. How can you trust me so easily?” 
“I’ve watched you grow up. Would I not understand your character?” Holly looked at Elisa as if wanting to advise her, but she stopped because she didn’t have an aggressive personality.
Elisa sighed and said softly, “Thank you for trusting me, Mrs. Semoa. It’s just that… I might disappoint you.” 
Understanding flickered across Holly’s eyes. She smiled lightly the next moment and said, “Have you decided?” 
Elisa nodded. There was guilt in her eyes as she said, “I am ultimately unworthy of Carle, and I have never thought of Carle as a boyfriend. He’s like family to me.” 
Holly sighed. “Carle just isn’t lucky enough.” 
Rachel and Sheena sat at one side. They didn’t interrupt, and they didn’t know what to say. 
The room suddenly quietened. 
Even Elisa didn’t know what to say. 
A server suddenly knocked at the door and broke the silence. 
The food that they had ordered was served. The server politely told them to enjoy their meal before leaving. 
In a flash, the air in the private room was quiet once more. 
Rachel picked up her cutlery at once. “Let’s eat! The food here is pretty good. I’ve been wanting to eat here for quite some time.” 
Holly couldn’t restrain her smile. “Greedy cat. You’ve loved food the most since you were young.” 
Rachel suddenly burst out laughing. “Without a desire for good food, what’s the point of living? I have to eat well!”
Sheena looked at her disdainfully at once. “Look at yourself. You’re the most well-fed among all of us, and you’re still thinking of eating!” 
“Hey! You’re the ones who are too skinny! My figure is the norm! I’m five feet four, and I weigh one hundred and four pounds. Am I fat? Am I?!” 
“No, you’re not! You’re the norm!” There was a rare smile in the corner of Holly’s lips. 
The air became lively because of Rachel. It wasn’t as solemn as before when everyone spoke. When they were done eating, Holly looked at Elisa, and there was a gentle smile on the corner of her lips. 
“Liz, you asked me out today to tell me this so that I can find a way to communicate it to Carle. Am I right?”
###chapter639
Chapter 639
An ashamed look streaked across Elisa’s eyes. “I’m sorry, Mrs. Semoa. I caused this mess, but you have to clean up. However… I have no other way. I’m afraid that I will agitate him again if I say it to him.” 
Sheena couldn’t help but sigh. “That’s right, Mrs. Semoa. Carle really can’t be agitated any more, but if things continue this way, he will find out the truth. I hope that he is mentally prepared for it and that he won’t suddenly break down from suddenly finding out…” 
Rachel pursed her lips and drank a sip of orange juice. She couldn’t help but say in exasperation, “Carle loves too deeply. He’s had feelings for Liz for so many years and has never changed. If he turns around, he will see that there’s someone else who loves as deeply as he does. There’s someone who has liked him all along.” 
Holly’s eyes flashed slightly. Following the direction of Rachel’s gaze, her gaze fell on Sheena. Seeing Sheena look down unconsciously, Holly was sure that Rachel was talking about her. 
She looked at Sheena in astonishment. “Sheen…?” 
Sheena came to her senses. “Hmm?” 
Holly was sure of it! 
Looking at Sheena’s flushed complexion and concealed awkwardness in her eyes, Holly smiled lightly. “Sheen likes my son?” 
Sheena’s expression changed slightly. She opened her mouth subconsciously to say something, but she couldn’t say a single word.
Holly was a little surprised. She looked at Sheena and smiled. “I previously thought that you didn’t want to date. I never imagined that there’s someone you like. Why don’t you be my daughter-in-law?” 
Rachel and Elisa were slightly astounded, while Sheena was stupefied. It was a while before she could come to her senses, and she unconsciously said, “Mrs. Semoa…” 
Holly smiled. “I can’t let fertile water flow into another field. I never knew about it. I’ve watched the three of you grow up, so I know your characters well.” 
Astonishment flickered across Sheena’s eyes, but in the next instant, she smiled bitterly. “I was never the one that Carle likes. I don’t want to impose.” 
She hung her head after she said that, holding back the hurt in her eyes. 
“You can take the horse to the water, but you cannot make it drink. But you must take the horse there before you know if the horse will drink,” Holly said calmly. 
Elisa, Rachel, and Sheena were flabbergasted. 
The three of them looked at her, perplexed. 
Holly gave the impression of being cold and aloof. There was a noble air about her. 
But now… 
What is she doing? 
Is she trying to force Sheena into the picture? 
Is she afraid that Sheena would be someone else’s daughter-in-law? 
Their jaws dropped.
“Why are you looking at me like this? What’s wrong with what I said?” 
“No…” Rachel picked up her juice and took a sip. “There’s nothing wrong! Nothing wrong with it at all!” 
Elisa smiled. “Nothing is wrong with it.” 
Sheena looked down bashfully. She didn’t know what to say. 
The smile in the corner of Holly’s lips deepened. “I know that you’re surprised, but what I said is the truth. Everything can be done one step at a time. As for Carle, this child is stubborn. Let me think of a way.” 
“Then… I’m sorry to trouble you, Mrs. Semoa. I… I have no other way.” 
Holly nodded. “You can treat him colder during this period. The more he gets disappointed, it will slowly get easier for him to accept it. Breaking the news to him slowly is better than doing it all at once.”
###chapter640
Chapter 640
“Yes, I will do this.” Elisa nodded in agreement. After chatting for a while, Holly could not help but feel regretful about Elisa. She was disappointed that Elisa had married another man and could not love her son even now. 
Still, finding out about Rachel’s feelings comforted her sadness. 
Holly liked Elisa, Rachel, and Sheena. 
She would be happy to have any one of them as her daughter-in-law. 
Unfortunately, she did not have two sons. Otherwise, she would have wanted both Rachel and Sheena as her daughters-in-law. 
After chatting for a while, Holly smiled, “All right, I’ve been out for too long and need to head back to the company. Thank you for taking care of Carle. It must have been tiring. Let me treat you all to lunch another time.” 
“Haha, it’s nothing, Mrs. Semoa. We are Carle’s close friends and grew up with him.” Rachel was more excitable and did not find anything wrong with what she said. 
On the other hand, Elisa wished to avoid a misunderstanding, and Sheena was too embarrassed to speak. 
Holly smiled and chatted with them for a little longer before leaving. 
When Holly was with Elisa and the others, she did her best to appear approachable, so they would not feel uncomfortable with her.
Once Holly left, Elisa, Rachel, and Sheena got up quickly. It was nearly time to return for their afternoon shifts. 
Rachel looked at Elisa and patted her shoulder. “How do you feel? Do you feel relieved?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. “I can’t relax until it is over.” 
After all, Carle was Elisa’s friend, and she could not bear to hurt her friend. She would have dealt with the matter decisively if this were in the past. However, Carle had injured his head, so Elisa did not dare to do the same this time. 
Sheena could not help but sigh. Then, she comforted Elisa gently, “Looking at the way things are, I believe everything will improve gradually. Since Mrs. Semoa knows the truth, she will gradually find ways to get Carle to face reality. We only have to cooperate with her.” 
Elisa nodded in resignation. “I suppose that’s all we can do for now. Anyway, it’s getting late. I have to return to the company.” 
“Sure, take care.” 
“Yes, you too.” 
… 
After arriving at the company, Elisa was prepared to focus on her work. 
However, the phone on her desk rang. 
Elisa picked up the receiver and said, “Hello.” 
“Ms. Elisa, Mr. Bennet would like you to attend a meeting in the meeting room on the top floor. You don’t have to prepare anything.”
Elisa’s expression remained calm. “Sure, I understand.” 
Then, she hung up the call and grabbed her cell phone before heading to the meeting room on the top floor. 
There were already a few people in the meeting room when she arrived. They were all shareholders of the company. 
Their expressions became complicated upon seeing her. 
Elisa went to a corner seat and sat down. The meeting room was silent. No one made a sound, even when pulling a chair to sit down. 
Occasionally, one could hear footsteps of people coming in. 
After around ten minutes, everyone arrived. 
As usual, Norman took the seat at the head of the table. 
He looked at Elisa quietly seated afar and thought of his pitiful daughter, who had to hide in a mental institution. He hated Elisa for behaving so nonchalantly. 
James noticed Norman was silent for a long time. Thus, he smiled at Norman and asked, “Mr. Benett, can we begin?”
###chapter641
Chapter 641
Norman immediately came to his senses. He turned away from Elisa and looked at everyone before him. 
"Since I've asked Elisa to attend this meeting, I believe everyone knows what I want to talk about." 
No one said anything, but they quietly understood what he meant. 
Elisa also remained silent and sat calmly at her spot. 
Norman was unhappy with the silence and said again, "Wickam Group has informed me that they will begin collaborating with Benett Corporation on the new project in three days. Furthermore, Elisa will be the main person in charge of this project. All staff on this project must obey Elisa's instruction without question." 
Elisa raised her eyebrows slightly and understood what Norman was getting at. 
Norman is waiting for me to make a mistake and show everyone I'm not skilled enough to handle the project. Then, he will use the opportunity to remove me. 
Or perhaps, he will get someone to mess things up and put the blame on me. 
He does have a good plan. 
James smiled. "I have no problem with it, but Elisa is only the person in charge. At the end of the day, Mr. Wickam will still be the key decision-maker, and many things will require his approval. As long as Mr. Wickam agrees, we have no issue. After all, his company is providing the capital." 
Norman was rendered speechless.
Elisa's heart was warmed. James would always stand up for her whenever others doubted her. Sometimes, she could not help but feel that James was similar to her father. 
There was also Sean, who helped her tremendously. 
Elisa held a deep respect for the two of them. 
Jessie also nodded. "That's right. Mr. Wickam will make the final decisions, and Liz will direct the staff to implement his decisions. I believe we have no right to question this either. When the time comes, we only have to submit to their decisions, and things will be fine. Mr. Benett, I wonder why you suddenly called everyone here for a meeting. Do you have other matters to talk about?" 
Everyone focused on Norman. 
Jessie was right. The things Norman mentioned had long been decided. It was pointless to call this meeting if he had no other matters. 
Thus, everyone waited for Norman to speak. 
Norman's expression froze slightly as if hesitating. Then, he said, "I want to discuss with everyone how to make this collaboration a success and keep Wickam Group from leaving us. After all, our company is on thin ice." 
Everyone instantly fell silent. 
Elisa glanced at Norman calmly. "Perhaps it's inappropriate for me to listen in on this matter. Should I leave?" 
Norman became even more anxious.
He called everyone here to tell them that it would be Elisa's fault if there were any problems with the project. 
He refused to let Elisa gain a foothold in this company. 
If someone hadn't asked if I had any other matters, I wouldn't have to say this! 
What the heck! 
Elisa's words immediately set him off course. People were now wondering why he got her to attend the meeting since it was about such a matter. 
Norman wanted to retaliate against Elisa and make things difficult for her. Unexpectedly, Elisa made a fool of him instead. 
His fury grew as he sensed everyone looking at him. He even felt the urge to choke Elisa to death. 
Norman took a deep breath and controlled his emotions before saying evenly, "You are not to leave. This matter is related to you. I called you here so that you can listen to it."
###chapter642
Chapter 642
Elisa arched her eyebrows but did not speak. 
The others also could not understand why Elisa had to be here to listen. 
Still, since Norman had decided on this, no one said anything. They would let him say whatever he wanted. 
Furthermore, Elisa was a part of the Benett family and not an outsider. Thus, why would it matter if she attended the meeting? It was expected and even unavoidable for her to know the matters discussed here. 
Many people could see that James and his group supported Elisa. 
Even though Elisa was a newly emerging figure in the company, she had achieved so much so quickly. 
She might even have a chance to succeed the company's chairman. 
After all, her father was the previous chairman. 
Some people wished to watch things unfold from afar and did not wish to say anything. 
Moreover, some of the people who supported Norman were wavering. 
That was what Norman feared the most. He could no longer persuade them to his side and was losing the ones supporting him. 
Norman said calmly to the expectant crowd, "Does anyone have any suggestions for the matter I wish to discuss?"
"Based on the present situation, we can only take one step at a time. Perhaps you have an idea. If so, let's hear it." James was not the kind of parent who would spoil his children. He said whatever was on his mind and did not care what others thought. 
People still regarded him as a cunning man despite how direct he was. 
Norman's expression darkened slightly, but he answered solemnly, "I don't have any good ideas. That's why I wish to discuss the matter with everyone." 
In actuality, he organized this meeting to cause Elisa trouble. However, James' words ruined all his plans. Now, Norman could no longer pick a bone against Elisa. 
Therefore, he had no choice but to switch the topic. The rest of the meeting was dull and uninspiring. Elisa nearly yawned as she sat at the side. 
Her day turned boring because of this meeting. 
On the other hand, Carle had begun to handle some work. However, his family would not allow him to go to the company, so he could only work from home. 
After all, his condition was too severe. 
No one dared to let him risk it. Everyone protected him as if he were a national treasure. 
When Holly arrived home, she found her son sitting on a couch in the living room. 
She arched her eyebrows. "Why do you seem free today? Do you not have work?" 
Her son was quite an affectionate person, but he was also a workaholic. He had strict demands for work quality.
Those who had never worked for him would think he was gentle and easy to talk to. However… His subordinates thought he was a devil incarnate. 
Carle's mouth gradually curved into a smile. "I'm almost done." 
"Oh, that's rare." Holly changed her shoes and took a seat beside Carle. She kept observing her son. 
He had a handsome and elegant appearance and a tall and sturdy figure. Furthermore, he had a good family background. Yet, Elisa was not interested in marrying her son. 
Holly suddenly felt a little depressed. 
Carle sensed something strange about his mother's behavior and asked gently, "What's wrong?" 
Holly sighed helplessly. "It's nothing. Have you talked to Elisa recently?" 
Carle's eyes flickered with a hint of bitterness, but he instantly smiled. "I did, but Elisa is busy with her matters, so I don't bother her much."
###chapter643
Chapter 643
Holly nodded with understanding. "Oh, Liz does have to deal with many matters and is busy. But Carle, I feel there are some things you should consider carefully." 
Carle looked at Holly in confusion. Then, he realized something and said, "I don't care that she was married to another man. Instead, I view it as a blessing that she is willing to be with me." 
Holly did not know what to say. 
"If anyone gossips about us, I will show them how much I love Liz and how proud I am to marry her. It's never about whether Liz is worthy of me," Carle replied in a gentle tone but was firm in his stance. 
Seeing how deeply he loved Elisa, Holly felt even sadder for her son. 
She could not resist a sigh and shook her head. "I wasn't talking about that. Do I seem that old- fashioned?" 
Carle was puzzled. "Oh, what were you talking about then?" 
Holly sighed with resignation and said slowly, "I know about the matter between you and Liz. She feels guilty about rejecting you previously and causing you to get involved in the car accident. That's why she kept apologizing to your father and me. But Carle, have you considered why she agreed to be with you?" 
Carle's expression changed. 
He looked at Holly and paused briefly before saying, "Mom, what are you trying to say?" 
Carle's mother had not said much after discovering that he and Elisa had gotten together. However, he now noticed the conflicting emotions in her eyes.
Furthermore, she suddenly brought up Elisa and him. 
Holly could not help but sigh. "I'm concerned about you. At the same time, I feel this matter is unfair to both of you." 
Carle pursed his lips and remained silent. He knew what his mother wanted to say. Furthermore, he had been feeling nervous and insecure these few days. He feared what he thought would become real. If that happened, he did not know what he would do. 
Holly noticed her son's reaction and did not continue talking. She sighed helplessly. 
Then, she saw that the maid working in the kitchen had finished cooking dinner. Thus, Holly patted her son's shoulder. "Let's go have dinner first." 
She did not plan to talk further about the matter. Most of the time, it would be better not to reveal everything at once because it would be too much for him. 
Carle did not say anything but got up and headed to the washroom. 
Edward had some matters to deal with and would be home late. Thus, Holly and Carle had dinner together. 
They talked about insignificant topics and did not return the matter from before. 
However… 
Holly's words kept bothering Carle. Previously, he had considered the things she said. But now that she mentioned it, it confirmed in his heart that something was wrong. 
After dinner, Carle called Elisa.
She had just gotten off work. 
Thus, she picked up the call quickly. "Carle?" 
Carle gripped his phone and pursed his lips. "Have you had dinner?" 
"Yes, I have. What about you?" Elisa's voice was melodious, and her tone was no different from usual. 
Somehow, Carle's restless heart calmed slightly. 
It seemed her voice comforted him. 
"Did you meet with my mother recently?" 
Elisa was driving. Her eyes flickered slightly upon hearing his question. "No, why?"
###chapter644
Chapter 644
When Elisa met with Holly in the afternoon, they agreed to keep the matter a secret and not let anyone know. 
Carle breathed a sigh of relief upon hearing her. "Oh, it's nothing. I was just wondering what you're doing now?" 
"I'm driving at the moment." 
"Oh? Where are you going at this hour?" 
"I had dinner with my colleagues in the office just now and am heading home." 
In actuality, Elisa was not heading home but was going to visit her grandmother, Julia. 
Since Julia was a member of the Wickam family and was her ex-husband's grandmother, she feared telling Carle would make him insecure. 
She did not dare to trigger his emotions in his current state. 
Carle's eyes flashed. "I see. In that case, I'll let you focus on driving. Drive safely." 
"Sure." 
Elisa did not say anything to make him stay. Although Carle was disappointed, he had no choice but to end the call. 
He instinctively clenched his phone as fear grew in his heart. 
"Liz… Are you lying to me?" Carle looked at the phone screen. It was a photo of Elisa smiling radiantly. He had secretly taken the photo, and Elisa was unaware of it.
He caressed the screen with his finger. Worry and sadness grew in his eyes. 
Elisa arrived at Wickam Manor an hour later. 
Mr. Jones, the butler, smiled kindly upon seeing her. "Ms. Benett, you're here." 
"Good to see you, Mr. Jones." 
Mr. Jones smiled. "Same to you. Old Madam Wickam has just finished dinner and is having a walk in the backyard." 
"All right. I'll go look for her there." 
Mr. Jones grunted in agreement. Then, Elisa left for the backyard. 
She had just walked away when someone appeared. 
Mr. Jones was surprised to see the person. "Mr. Gareth? Ms. Elisa just arrived and went in to look for Old Madam Wickam." 
Gareth nodded calmly. Elisa had greeted him just now. 
"It's all right. You can leave." 
"Sure." 
Gareth began to head toward the backyard. 
He soon heard the familiar warm and clear voice. 
"Grandma, do you dislike me for visiting you too often?" Elisa sounded indignant. 
Julia laughed and said, "When did you learn to argue with me? I'm just concerned that you are busy."
Gareth stood still and watched the two ladies facing away from him. The coldness in his gaze dissipated. One could see gentleness in his eyes if one observed closely. 
He remained there and did not continue forward. It seemed he did not wish to disturb the peaceful scene before him. 
However, his intense gaze attracted Elisa's notice, prompting her to turn around. 
She was stunned to see Gareth. 
Julia followed Elisa's gaze and saw Gareth. Her smile froze instantly. 
"Why are you here?" Although Julia's dissatisfaction was not as evident as before, Gareth could still tell she was unhappy with him for disturbing her time with Elisa. 
Gareth walked forward. "Dad asked me to get something, so I came to see you as well." 
Elisa's eyes flickered slightly, but she did not say anything. 
Although she knew it was impossible for Gareth to like her, she still felt he had come here deliberately. After all, he harbored an unknown aim toward her. 
Previously, Gareth thought she was a greedy and devious person. But now, it seemed she was completely different from what he thought. 
Elisa looked down slightly and avoided his gaze. She also did not speak but stood quietly before Julia. 
Julia nodded and dismissed him with a wave. "Oh, then you should get the thing and leave. Since Elisa is here with me, I don't need your company." 
Gareth was rendered speechless.
He stood still and did not move.
###chapter645
Chapter 645
Elisa smiled gently as she turned to Julia. "Grandma, shall we continue to walk ahead?" 
Julia nodded happily. "Sure, let's go." 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
It seemed his previous talk with his grandmother was useless. 
Otherwise, she would not have looked at him with only disdain. There was not a hint of the conflicting emotions from before. 
This proved that she no longer cared about that matter. 
Without his grandmother's help and support, it would be even more difficult for Gareth to achieve his aim. 
Gareth had never felt frustrated with anything until now. 
He frowned and disliked the feeling. 
Still, he kept quiet and followed them. Although he maintained a distance from them, he made sure to remain within their sight. 
Elisa had gotten used to many things. Furthermore, there was little disagreement between her and Gareth. Since she would be collaborating with him in the future, it did not feel awkward when she spent time with Julia. 
They suddenly paused before a flower called black-eyed Susan. 
Julia was surprised to see the flower. "Why is there such a flower here?"
Gareth arched his eyebrows slightly and stepped forward. He said calmly, "This flower is called black- eyed Susan." 
"Black-eyed Susan?" Julia frowned slightly. There was a hint of disdain in her eyes. 
Elisa remained silent. 
Gareth's eyes flickered with amusement when he noticed Elisa seemed slightly deflated. Then, he said calmly, "Hmm, there seem to be many such flowers in the backyard." 
"The name of this flower sounds terrible. Should we change it?" 
Elisa smiled. "Grandma, although the name sounds strange, they don't mean it literally." 
"Is that so?" 
Gareth did not speak, so Elisa briefly explained the origin and meaning of black-eyed Susan. 
Julia nodded after hearing her. "I see. It sounds all right then." 
Elisa smiled and did not say anything. 
On the other hand, Gareth smiled and said, "There's an organization known worldwide called the Three Musketeers. Grandma, have you heard about it? 
Julia nodded immediately. "I've heard about it. Didn't someone called Black-Eyed Susan hack into our company's confidential information?" 
Elisa did not know what to say. 
Gareth glanced at Elisa with a vague smile. "Yes, it was her." 
Julia frowned. "Did you offend her?"
"I guess so." 
Gareth looked at Elisa as he said that. 
Elisa glared at him but did not speak. However, her glare only made him smirk. 
On the other hand, Julia frowned. "But I heard the Three Musketeers would never do something bad. Even though they collect payment for what they do, they are still principled. Why would they target Wickam Group? What did you do to offend them?" 
"Perhaps Black-Eyed Susan thinks I'm disloyal?" 
Julia was rendered speechless. 
She did not notice Elisa's expression had darkened. 
At the same time, she did not catch what her grandson was implying and pursed her lips indignantly. "Why? Did Black-Eyed Susan like you? Why have I never noticed your popularity among the ladies?" 
He couldn't even take care of Elisa properly. How dare he try to woo other ladies? 
Julia was unable to conceal the disdain in her gaze. She believed her scoundrel of a grandson was on the verge of becoming an unwanted bachelor. 
Elisa smiled and felt Julia had become even better at dealing blows to Gareth's ego. 
Gareth pursed his lips but remained silent.
###chapter646
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 646
Others would have looked at Julia strangely if they had heard her.Only Julia would dare to say such words to Gareth. How would anyone else dare?Was Gareth an unwanted bachelor? No way! If all the women who desired him lined up, the line would extend beyond Bayswe and into many provinces.Numerous women were desperate for a chance to marry Gareth. However, Gareth paid no attention to them.Julia looked at her grandson and asked worriedly, “How’s the situation in the company?”Elisa kept mum.Gareth answered calmly, “Everything’s fine. The other side gave up when they reached the final layer of security.”“They gave up at the final layer? They broke through nineteen layers only to give up at the last one?” Julia found the matter strange.“Yes.” Gareth did not feel like explaining the matter. “Grandma, you don’t have to concern yourself with matters of the company.”“Hmph, I’m just curious. Whether the company goes bankrupt has nothing to do with me. I would rather return to when we were poor. At least our family was warm then.” Julia did not care about money. She only wanted her family’s company and warmth.Unfortunately, it was an impossible dream, and Julia had given up on it.Elisa smiled and held Julia’s arm. “Grandma, shall we walk a little more?”“Sure.” Julia did not wish to speak to her grandson anymore. She held Elisa’s hand and walked ahead. At the same time, she did not forget to say, “You should leave if there’s nothing else. Elisa and I would like to have a walk. Your presence is bothering us.”Gareth was rendered speechless.Elisa could not help but be amused. Her eyes crinkled slightly as she smiled.Gareth could not resist looking at her. Julia turned and noticed how Gareth was looking at Elisa. Her eyes flashed with surprise.Is my grandson serious this time?Does this mean he wasn’t lying to me?However, Julia was not sure.Previously, she thought her scoundrel of a grandson was up to something. But now…Suspicion flashed across Julia’s gaze.Elisa suddenly noticed the strange atmosphere. She held Julia’s arm and said, “Let’s walk ahead. I haven’t been to this side of the garden for a long time.”“Haha, sure. Let’s go.”Julia glanced back at Gareth with conflicting emotions.Gareth did not say anything.He saw the way his grandmother looked at him and noticed the emotions in her eyes.You are a good-for-nothing grandson.You deserve this.It’s too late to regret.It wouldn’t have come to this if you had treated her
better.Gareth pursed his lips and followed them quietly.Elisa and Julia were chatting happily before him. Gareth was a man of few words, but at this moment, he believed that even if he were a good talker, he would probably still be unable to join their conversation.After walking for another twenty minutes, Elisa was worried that Julia would be too tired and suggested resting.Julia was happy to do anything Elisa wanted. Elisa had been coming to see her quite frequently. It made Julia feel much younger and walk with spring in her steps.Even after walking for a while, she was not tired at all.“Liz, I think it’s getting late. Why don’t you stay here for tonight?”Elisa’s eyes flickered slightly. She smiled and shook her head. “Grandma, I can’t. I still have documents left at home. I need to bring them to the company tomorrow.”In actuality, that was only an excuse. She did not want to stay the night here.
###chapter647
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 647
Julia was reluctant to let Elisa go, but she had run out of ways to persuade her. “All right then. It’s late, and I shouldn’t keep you here any longer. It would be best if you headed home soon. It’s not safe to be out so late.”Elisa nodded, but before she could say anything, Gareth said, “I’ll send her back. I happen to have some work matters to discuss with her.” Elisa frowned and was deeply against Gareth’s offer.However, she remembered they would have to work together soon. He might need to instruct her on some work matters. Thus, she did not refuse. Julia was surprised and wanted to say something. But she saw Elisa’s expression and kept quiet.Elisa smiled at Julia. “Grandma, I’ll be leaving first.”“Sure, come and see me again when you’re free. You don’t have to come when you’re busy with work. You should prioritize work.”Elisa smiled and nodded. “All right. I understand.”After exchanging a few more words, Gareth and Elisa left together.Gareth had parked his car in the yard. Julia stood at the door and watched them. Gareth walked to the front passenger’s side and opened the door for Elisa like a gentleman.Elisa was frustrated. She did not want Julia to worry, so she had no choice but to enter the car.Gareth glanced toward Julia. “You should go back into the house.”Julia refused to move. “I want to see you and Elisa off.”Elisa’s lashes fluttered as she recalled a video she saw recently of grandparents watching longingly as their grandchildren leave.Presently, Julia reminded Elisa of the grandparents in the video.Elisa looked down and felt conflicting emotions in her heart.She regarded Julia as her real grandmother. Gareth did not say anything but entered the car and closed the door. He then started the engine and drove the car away.Elisa glanced at the rear-view mirror and saw Julia still watching them longingly.Once the car left the manor, Elisa turned to Gareth and said calmly, “Do you have some work matter to talk to me about? If not…”Gareth interrupted indifferently, “I have no reason to lie to Grandma.”Elisa was surprised to find that he was telling the truth.She paused briefly before asking, “What did you want to tell me?”“Let’s send you home first. I need to use the computer.”Elisa frowned slightly. “It’s very late and inconvenient for you to send me back. I can get a taxi over here. You can go home and use your laptop to discuss the matter with me.”Gareth’s expression turned cold. He knew what Elisa meant.However, he did not reply to her and continued driving.Elisa frowned slightly. “Can
you let me off here?”“It’s not safe for you to be outside alone.”Elisa’s eyes flashed with mockery, but she suddenly recalled Julia’s words about how unsafe it was for a girl to be out alone. Thus, Elisa believed Gareth was concerned that something would happen to her. Then, he would not be able to answer his grandmother.Therefore, Elisa decided to shut up. It was pointless to say anything.No one spoke for the rest of the journey.The car slowed down to a stop outside of Elisa’s apartment. Elisa undid her seatbelt and turned to Gareth. “Thank you for sending me back.”Gareth’s expression was calm as he undid his seatbelt.At the same time, there was a black Maybach parked nearby.The door at the Maybach’s driver’s seat suddenly opened as soon as Elisa stepped out of the car.
###chapter648
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 648
Then, a tall man in a royal blue suit came out of the car and looked straight at Elisa.Elisa turned and saw him approaching her, holding a lunchbox. Her expression sank. Why is he here?Gareth heard Will’s smooth voice as soon as he opened the door. “Why are you back so late?”Gareth’s eyes immediately turned cold as ice.Elisa replied calmly, “I had something to do. What brings you here?”“I came to see you.” Will smiled gently.Gareth looked at Will coldly. “It’s late. Don’t you think it’s inappropriate?”Will was not surprised to hear Gareth.After all, he recognized Gareth’s car.Will narrowed his eyes slightly but maintained his elegant smile. “Mr. Wickam, you’re here too. What a coincidence.”Gareth shot him a stern and intimidating glance. He could not be bothered to answer Will.However, that did not dissuade Will at all. He smiled at Elisa. “You must be tired after working the whole day. I brought you supper. It’s something you like.”He offered the lunchbox to Elisa, but she frowned and had no plans to accept it. How would he know what I like?At the same time, Elisa felt the temperature around her dropped.Gareth looked at Elisa sternly. “You should head in.”Elisa glanced at him before turning to Will. “I’ve already eaten. Still, I appreciate your thoughtfulness. Anyway, it’s late. I won’t invite the two of you in. Let’s gather some other time.”After saying that, Elisa took her beg and left. She had no intention of staying and chatting. However, Will stopped her. He looked at her with his usual gentle smile. “You should take this.”In an instant, Elisa felt a piercing gaze behind her.Will continued to smile gently. “Would you like me to walk upstairs with you?”Gareth snorted. “Mr. Darcey, are you always so shameless when pursuing a woman?”Will chuckled and replied, “This is a matter of romance. Mr. Wickam, you know nothing about love. Thus, don’t simply judge others.”Gareth was rendered speechless.He pursed his lips and did not say anything. However, his expression darkened threateningly.Elisa frowned and did not wish to accept the lunchbox. But she could see from Will’s demeanor that things would be fine once she took it, and he would no longer bother her.On the other hand, he would send it upstairs if she refused to take it now.Therefore, to avoid that and prevent more trouble between the two men, Elisa had no choice but to accept the lunchbox and enter her apartment.She had been busy, but now, she was determined to move out tomorrow.Will and Gareth did
not follow her. Instead, they stood still in their spots and watched Elisa until she disappeared.Then, the two men regarded each other.Gareth looked at Will coldly and said, “Stop bothering her.”Will’s lips curved into a smile. “Mr. Wickam, you have already given up your marriage with her. Thus, you should know that some people or things cannot be recovered.”Gareth snorted and replied, “Mr. Darcey, you should know not to talk nonsense.”His words did not affect Will’s smile. “It seems you can’t accept the truth.”
###chapter649
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 649
Gareth looked at Will coldly and did not want to waste his time dealing with him. However, he realized Will might go upstairs to look for Elisa if he left. Thus, Gareth frowned and stood still.Will was not sure whether Gareth was thinking the same thing as him. Thus, he smiled and said, “Do you want to grab something to eat?” Gareth furrowed his brow. He had no wish to dine or have any interactions with Will.However, his desire to stop Will from disturbing Elisa overpowered his other feelings. He took a breath and answered calmly, “Sure.” Will smiled and said nothing else. They each got into their cars and left at the same time.Elisa saw the scene unfold from her balcony. Once their cars were out of sight, she looked away and closed the curtains.Then, she went for a bath before going to rest.Everything had developed as she anticipated, and she was pretty satisfied with it.On the other hand, Gareth and Will were not happy with their situation.Gareth had no desire to eat with Will, but he believed that if he did not do this, Will would look for Elisa again.As he pondered this, his phone rang.Gareth answered the call and heard Thomas’ voice.“Mr. Wickam, it’s about time. Should I pick you up?”Gareth furrowed his brow.He answered immediately, “Cancel it.”Thomas was stunned. “Cancel it?”Didn’t he agree to it previously? I thought he was happy with the collaboration. If he cancels the meeting now, it won’t be easy to collaborate with them in the future.“Yes.”Thomas was astounded. “Mr. Wickam, do you have something later? This project…” “I’ll be having a meal with Will.” Gareth’s expression remained the same as he drove.Thomas was confused. “Do you mean Mr. Darcey?”Is this a joke? He and Mr. Darcey are enemies. Why are they having a meal?Gareth frowned and said, “Anyway, find a way to deal with it. I’m hanging up.”He hung up right after saying that.Thomas was dumbfounded.Mr. Wickam has a dinner appointment with someone he regards favorably. But what’s going on here?Why is he suddenly having dinner with Mr. Darcey?They have always been enemies.… Meanwhile, Will also received a call.Like Gareth, he also had an important matter to attend to tonight. Initially, he planned to leave after sending food to Elisa.However, he was worried that Gareth would spend more time with Elisa. Thus, Will was unable to attend his appointment with his business partner.Instead, he and Gareth went for a late meal that night.Even the customers in the restaurant
were shocked to see them together.Is something wrong with my eyes?Am I seeing Mr. Wickam and Mr. Darcey having a meal together?Does this mean the rumors are fake, and they are actually friends?… Meanwhile, in the psychiatric hospital, Linda was in her room as usual while Rose absentmindedly stayed by her side.Something serious had happened at home, but Rose did not mention anything about it to Linda, fearing she could not withstand the blow.However, even if Rose did not say anything, it did not mean Linda was unaware. Linda looked at Rose and asked, “What’s wrong with you these days? Why do you always seem nervous? Has something happened outside?”Rose immediately came back to her senses and shook her head. “It’s nothing.”“Are you sure?”
###chapter650
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 650
Linda knew her mother well. She would not act like this if it were not something dire. Her mother was usually able to keep calm.Moreover, whenever she was too angry in the past, her mother would help her come up with ideas and settle her problems. Her mother had always been optimistic, no matter the situation. But now, she was not acting like herself. Linda could feel that her mother has trying hard to hold herself back.“It’s alright. You only have to focus on regaining your health. Don’t worry about anything else.” Rose spoke calmly with a forceful smile. “What news can I not take in at present? If you do not let me know, there will be one less person to give you ideas. No matter what, we are family. Who else can we rely on if not family?”The fury in Rose escalated. Norman alone was enough to ruin the family!Would they have to go through this if it was not for him?She had the strong urge to tear him apart!“I know. But we do not have anything urgent.” Rose did not intend to tell Linda about it.Linda frowned and studied Rose carefully. “You are lying.”“Why would I lie to you?” Rose was a little frustrated but could not show it to her daughter.Linda took a slight breath and tried to change the subject. “How is the company doing?”Just as she finished speaking, she noticed her mother’s stunned expression.Linda had caught her mother off guard once more.Is the company the reason her mother has been unhappy these two days? Did Wickam Group mess with Benett Corporation again?“Business is going on as usual in the company.” Rose simply replied. Then, she added, “We need not worry about the company. Your father can handle it himself.”“What about the collaboration between Gareth and Elisa?”“It will commence soon, I guess,” Rose replied nonchalantly. She hesitated a while, then glanced at her daughter. “You should know that it is impossible between you and Gareth already. Have you realized and accepted that?”Linda could feel a sharp pierce through her heart. But she sneered, “Yes. I will never think about it again. I will not place any hopes on Gareth anymore. I hate him!”But she would never let Gareth be with Elisa. She would not let them be happy!Rose sighed and nodded. “Sigh. What an ill-fated relationship. I’m glad you are able to let go of it. I have always thought that Gareth was not too bad. His family background is good, so if you marry him, the Benett family will gain a lot. Most importantly, you like him. But since things have escalated to this extent, there is no point for you to
continue this relationship.”“Yes, I know.”Linda stopped the conversation with a curt reply.She had asked her mother about the collaboration between Elisa and Gareth to test if it was what made her mother worried.But her mother was not hesitant in her reply. She seemed aloof about it too, so Linda guessed something else was bothering her mother.Linda could not trust anyone now. She did not plan to find her assistant, Yara, too. After all, once bitten, twice shy.
###chapter651
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 651
So she did not contact anyone outside. She merely entertained herself with unrelated content on the Internet with her phone. So she did not know what happened at the corporation.“What about father? He has not visited me recently.” Linda asked casually, but Rose seemed a little irritated when she heard Linda’s question. She replied immediately, “He has had a lot of things to deal with recently. I’m afraid he will not have time to see you.”Linda frowned. Rose sighed and continued, “He has to clean up some mess at the company. Your father is quite troubled since Elisa is not laying low and has many supporters. Linda, he is too occupied to come to see you now.” Rose was worried that Linda would get keyed up again. Although she did not go crazy this time, she had almost lost it.Linda frowned. “So this is what you are bothered with.”“Yes.” Rose sighed helplessly.Linda fixed her eyes on Rose. She could still sense something wrong.The look on her mother’s face was too weird.However, a knock sounded on the door before she could ask anything.“Madam, Mrs. Wickam is here to see Ms. Linda.”Linda and Rose’s expressions changed instantly. They exchanged glances, and there was disbelief on their faces.Why did she come?Was she here to check on the situation again?However, Rose looked guilty the next moment. She said immediately, “Just say that Linda is resting and is unable to see anyone now.”Rose got up and said, “Perhaps the Wickam family has something up their sleeves again. It would be best if we don’t see them.” There was a flash of coldness in Linda’s eyes as she asked, “Do you not wish to see what games she’s up to?”Rose immediately replied, “There will be nothing interesting about it. I will meet her later. You rest first.”Then, Rose got up and left.Linda watched Rose as she left.Mother’s mood is abnormal today. Why did she seem guilty when she heard that Mrs. Wickam was here?Why would she feel guilty?Did it have something to do with the trouble Father faced?What are they hiding from her? Linda had a terrible feeling in her gut.But she did not understand it at all.Rose walked out quickly.She wanted to know what games this woman wanted to play. She wanted to see if she could find out too about the person who ruined Wickam Group’s secret project.This matter was not good news for the Benett family.Although she could not admit it, she wanted to know more about it.Rose thought as she walked out. When she saw Monica sitting on the chair in the hallway, she could
not help but feel jealous. They were both women and were married into prestigious families. But both of them were living totally different lives now.If they stood next to each other, everyone would only greet Monica and not her.Monica turned around and saw Rose.“You’re here.” Monica’s voice was cold. She no longer sounded as friendly as she used to be.Rose took a slight breath and tried to control her emotions before nodding at her.“Why have you come to visit my daughter out of the blue moon? Is something the matter?”
###chapter652
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 652
Rose did not believe that Monica was here to care for her daughter’s wellbeing.At the same time, Rose studied Monica nervously. Perhaps no one would understand how she was feeling right now. Just as she was still immersed in her distress, Monica spoke. “Not at all.”Rose took a deep breath. Monica did not seem to know what had happened. Or perhaps she did not intend to find fault with their family. Could it be because she had no evidence? Rose frowned. She wanted to ask this woman about her intentions but couldn’t. It might raise Monica’s suspicion toward her. Monica might have come today to test her.When Rose thought about this, she was reluctant to speak to Monica any further. She merely nodded.“Thank you for making an effort to come.”Monica glanced at Rose with an amused face.“Why are you unwilling to talk to me any further? Are you feeling guilty?”Rose’s heart skipped a beat. She almost displayed fear on her face. She tried to look aloof and frowned. She gave Monica a puzzled look.“What do you mean? Why would I feel guilty? Why do you still look unsettled after punishing us for the huge uproar last time? Are you still angry about the past?”Rose looked so unhappy that anyone would have thought that she really didn’t know anything. Monica nodded with a smile. “The heavens are watching. Retribution will come sooner or later. I hope you can keep up with your pretense. My son does not fancy putting up fights, so he is willing to let you go. But I am not so generous. I shall let you go this time, but if there is another time, don’t blame us for being cruel. ”Rose’s face turned uglier. She looked a little pale. She was obviously startled by Monica’s words. As expected, the whole family knew that Norman had been up to some mischief.But there was nothing Rose could say. Monica obviously did not want to look at her anymore. She snickered and left.Rose stood in place. Her heart pounded faster and faster. She immediately took out her phone and called Norman.…Everything seemed to go on smoothly for the next three days.But the Benett family was on pins and needles. They were afraid of retribution.But…The Benett family didn’t know that Monica had come because the Benett family pissed her off by being despicable.Gareth had made it clear to Monica that he would not do anything about this and didn’t need them to do anything.But Monica was so furious she didn’t want just to sit there and do nothing. So she went and gave the Benetts a warning.This would ruin their mood more and make
them less brazen.After all, they would need to work together in the future and share many common interests. Monica could not do anything to the Benetts.Elisa had learned this from Vincent.At this moment, Elisa and Rachel were in a restaurant. They had placed their order and were going to start eating.They did not expect that…As soon as they raised their heads, a man sat right next to Rachel.
###chapter653
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 653
He wore black sportswear. The sun shone its light on him. He looked more dazzling and handsome than ever, and people could not take their eyes away from him.“Hi. What a coincidence!” “Goodness gracious! You frightened me!” Rachel exclaimed in shock. She could not help but punch his shoulder with her fist.Vincent chortled with glee. His shiny white teeth gleamed as he smiled and said, “You are getting rougher. But I know you hit and curse at me because you like me, don’t you? It’s how you show your affection.” Rachel looked at him angrily. “You are a sicko!”“See! You are cursing at me again! I think you really do like me a lot.”Rachel was so furious she could feel her head spinning!“You are insane! You appear out of nowhere and spurt nonsense. Aren’t you afraid that your girlfriend would be displeased if she saw this?”Vincent put his arm on Rachel’s chair boldly. Rachel was taken by surprise. She immediately moved away from his arm, fearing he would touch her. Anger instantly filled her beautiful eyes. “What are you trying to do?”Vincent sat on his chair nonchalantly and leaned closer to Rachel. Rachel’s breathing quickened, and she quickly moved further from him. “Stay away from me!”“Why? We have such a close relationship. Why do I have to stay away from you?”“Are you psycho? Who is close to you?”Rachel’s eyes were full of disgust. She wished she could kick this man far away.“Go away. Don’t get in our way.” “Don’t be such a joy killer. It’s fate that we met each other here. This meal will be my treat. Order anything you want.”Elisa was sitting opposite them. Her lips twitched at several instances as she watched them fight. The two of them always acted like enemies.“Go away! Who wants your treat? Do you think we can’t afford this meal? Stop appearing in front of us, you annoying rat!”“Don’t you think that you are too arrogant? A long line of women would die to have me treat them to a meal. But I wouldn’t even go if it was their treat. Yet you are behaving so haughtily even though I offered to treat you to a meal. With such a rough and impolite attitude, how will you find a man to marry you in the future?”“That’s none of your business!” Rachel widened her eyes and glared at him.Vincent raised both his hands helplessly in a sign of defeat.“Alright, alright. Whatever. I won’t care even if you are single for the rest of your life.”“Are you cursing me? Don’t you have even a little conscience? No wonder you are single! You should stay single your whole life!”“What
a joke. When have I ever had no woman in line for me?” Vincent replied casually. Rachel snorted in disdain.“You really are so full of yourself. Those women are just after your money or position. Do you think that you are really that attractive?”Vincent’s face darkened. “Well, of course, I’m attractive. I’m attractive in many ways!”Rachel turned away from him and snorted coldly. She stopped talking to him.Just as the waiter came to take their order, another man suddenly appeared behind Elisa.Rachel’s jaw dropped in surprise when she saw the man.
###chapter654
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 654
Elisa sensed that something was wrong. She looked in the direction Rachel was staring at. Little did she expect that the man would sit right next to her as soon as she turned around.Her face darkened. Vincent was not surprised to see Gareth. He crossed his legs and leaned against the back of his chair. His right arm was still on Rachel’s chair. He looked exactly like a boss.The next moment, he spoke, “Hey, Mr. Wickam, what a coincidence.” Rachel snorted coldly. “Do you need to keep the act up? Even a dog would know that the two of you are together.”Vincent could not help but burst into laughter. He leaned into Rachel’s ear and teased her, “Is it really appropriate for you to say that you are a dog? Why are you taking things so hard?”“D*ng!” Rachel swore out of anger. She practically never swore when she was with Elisa.But she could not hold her anger back when she saw Vincent.This man had been trying to snatch that thing from her till now. He had never succeeded, so now he was trying every means to snatch what was valuable to her. She detested Vincent so much that she felt extreme frustration whenever she saw him!She had a strong urge to kick the man so she did not have to waste her energy arguing with him.Vincent laughed, “Getting so worked up will harm your body. I will be distressed if you go on like this.”Rachel was speechless.She gritted her teeth and turned around. She refused to talk to Vincent anymore.She was so vexed!She had never won a single argument with Vincent. Although they were both lawyers, their charismatic skills were totally different! Perhaps only Elisa could defeat Vincent.Vincent was satisfied. He stopped teasing her for fear that she would explode. By then, it would be more difficult for him to get what he wanted. He smiled and said, “Okay, I won’t tease you anymore. Look at the menu and see what you’d like to have.” “We have ordered our food. You can order what you want. You should go to another…”Just as she was about to continue her words, she could sense a sharp gaze on her. Rachel stopped speaking at once. She dared not say anything more.She could continue swearing at Vincent.But sometimes, the air Gareth gave off made her a little scared…Elisa frowned slightly. She turned around and looked at the man beside her. “Are you going to eat at another table?”The look in Gareth’s eyes turned colder. He stared at Elisa quietly.Elisa shrugged. “I’m afraid that all of us will not be able to enjoy our meal if we sit together.”Now
that Gareth always appeared around her and approached her, she felt a little disturbed.Moreover, she had not settled everything with Carle yet. She was afraid that Carle would get intimidated if he saw photos or videos of her with Gareth.Vincent laughed. “Don’t be like that. I will stop teasing Rach. We’re only having a meal. Why don’t we change to a larger table?”Elisa frowned quietly.She had made it evident that she didn’t want them to stay.But Vincent had already gotten up and walked toward Elisa.Elisa got up right away and beckoned Rachel.Rachel understood right away. She snorted coldly at Vincent, “Only a ghost would want to sit with you and eat! Please don’t ruin my mood! I don’t want to vomit what I eat!”Her lips curled up with satisfaction when she saw Vincent’s face darken. Then she followed Elisa and went to sit at another table.They were three tables apart, which was quite a distance.Vincent was amused. He went back to Gareth and sat opposite him. “Bro, you really are not welcomed.”
###chapter655
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 655
Just as he finished speaking, the air froze, and Vincent stood awkwardly.Gareth got up immediately and left. “Hey hey hey…” Vincent’s face darkened more. This man is too arrogant. He is leaving just because he can’t get what he wants. This man will surely be unable to chase Elisa back like this.Vincent called after Gareth as he chased up to him. However, he did not forget to turn back and look at Elisa and Rachel. With a smile, he said, “See you again!” “I hope I never see you again!” Rachel replied without hesitation. Elisa couldn’t help but laugh.Vincent pointed his finger out at Rachel as a warning. But when he noticed that Gareth had already gone quite far, he quickly ran after him.Rachel snorted coldly, “That rascal! He’s only after my things! He hasn’t given up!”Elisa sighed helplessly, “Your relationship with Vincent is quite complicated.”“I don’t care! Even if we share the same mother, I am the one who grew up with her!” A complicated look shone in Rachel’s eyes as she spoke about her mother.That woman was her foster mother. But she was also Vincent’s biological mother.Rachel’s biological mother passed away when she was still young. Then, her father married another woman. This woman had conflicts with her, and her father did not care for her. Rachel hated her father, so she left home. She met Vincent’s mother and was adopted by her.She had grown up under Vincent’s mother’s wings.But… Her health deteriorated, and she passed away suddenly three years ago. She left Rachel a crystal necklace before she left. Rachel cherished and kept it like a treasure. But… Vincent kept asking her for the necklace. She always got infuriated by this request of Vincent’s.As for Vincent… He grew up in the Shane family. His parents divorced because… His mother cheated.But… Vincent was often in the dark regarding the truth, so he carried a love-hate feeling toward his mother. He did not understand why his mother would give up such a good family. What was so good out there that she would give up her husband and son?So he had a bad relationship with his mother after the divorce. His mother had tried to approach him several times, but he refused her out of his hatred for her. Gradually, his mother gave up after realizing that her son hated her.This stubbornness robbed Vincent of his last chance to see his mother. He almost lost it when he learned about her death. But… there was no turning back anymore. The only thing he could do was to get back the sole possession left behind by
his mother for remembrance.Unfortunately…It was more complex than he thought. That necklace meant everything to Rachel as well.So Vincent had been trying everything to get the necklace back for the past three years.Rachel, on the other hand, was trying her best to keep the necklace. She would not let Vincent have it. Because of this necklace, the both of them had crossed paths ceaselessly for three years.Both of them could not stand each other.Elisa sighed helplessly, “This cannot keep going on. Both of you should talk it out.”Rachel gritted her teeth. “You know, too, that this man is determined. Besides, this is something about his biological mother. He would never give up. At the same time, I won’t either. So we can only remain at a stalemate.”
###chapter656
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 656
Elisa pursed her lips quietly.This was the situation. Since neither of them was willing to give in, they could only remain at a stalemate. Soon, their food was served. Rachel smelled her delicious beef noodles and exclaimed happily with a big smile, “This smells so good! Let’s dig in!”Elisa smiled and nodded, “Okay.” Both of them stopped talking about Vincent. But when they finished eating, Rachel could not help but glance at Elisa and asked, “Elisa… What was with Gareth just now? He…”Rachel’s question stopped halfway. The situation was too complicated for her to piece a coherent question.Elisa frowned slightly and answered, “He wants to get back together.”Rachel’s eyes widened.She exclaimed loudly, “What? Is that true? He wants to be with you?”In the next instance, she returned to her senses and quickly covered her mouth, fearing that she could not contain herself and blurt something out.Because of her loud exclamation, many people turned to stare at them.Elisa got nervous suddenly. But when she saw Rachel at a loss for words, she sighed helplessly, “You…”Rachel smiled awkwardly. She grabbed Elisa’s arm and pulled her. “Let’s go. We should talk outside.”Soon, both of them were in the car. Just as Elisa was about to start the engine, Rachel grabbed her hand and said, “Elisa, he must have an ulterior motive for wanting to get back with you. You…”“I know.” Elisa knew she was right.There was still a look of disbelief in Rachel’s eyes. “I still cannot believe this, although he has an ulterior motive. Gareth is a cold and arrogant person who hates when others challenge him. Now, he is asking you to get back together?”This was not like him at all.Although Rachel did not understand Gareth well, she had been friends with Elisa for a long time. She still knew a little about him.Elisa smiled forcefully. She didn’t really care.She started the engine and drove home.Rachel stayed with her here today because they had just finished moving houses. Rachel had planned to sleep over at her place.Soon, Elisa arrived at her father’s old villa.She had cleaned her uncle and aunty’s room but kept her father’s room as it was.Elisa could not help but feel sad when she entered the villa.When Rachel saw her calm and quiet face, she sighed, “Elisa…”Elisa raised her eyes and smiled at Rachel. “I know. I’m just not used to coming back here yet.”Rachel nodded. She spoke in a helpless tone. “Are they the real reason you moved out? But… It would be as easy as ABC for them to find you if they wanted to.”“I
know. But we would disturb the neighbors if we stayed there. It’s better here.” Elisa was afraid that Gareth would come and make a scene. He had never considered other people’s feelings. Or perhaps, he knew that she would, so he acted recklessly.“Great… But it’s hard on you. You have to deal with Gareth, Will and Carle. Your life is so miserable.”Elisa kept silent.Rachel coughed awkwardly. “I know I’m always talking about things that make you uncomfortable. But you have to find a solution to this eventually.”
###chapter657
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 657
But as soon as Rachel finished speaking, she felt helpless for Elisa.Elisa had to come up with a solution, but what solution did they have? Elisa has been rejecting Will continuously over the years. But she couldn’t do anything most of the time because they had business together.Gareth, too, pesters Elisa endlessly. Carle’s situation seemed the same as well…If anyone were in Elisa’s shoes, they would also be disturbed by this, wouldn’t they?What else could you do to refuse someone who keeps pestering you no matter how often you reject them?Rachel sighed helplessly. “I feel sorry for you. It has surely been difficult for you.”Elisa raised her hand and massaged her temples gently. “It’s okay. Let it go according to its course. We will solve it one by one.”There was no other way.Rachel nodded. She did not know what to say at that instance. Both of them sat on the sofa. Elisa turned on the TV.But… Before she could play anything, her phone rang.When she saw that it was Carle calling, Elisa’s face changed. Rachel’s too.“He… Wouldn’t know already, would he?”Could someone have taken a photo of Elisa sitting with Gareth earlier?Although Elisa never saved phone numbers, Carle was Rachel’s friend too. Naturally, she would recognize his phone number.Elisa pursed her lips. She accepted the call.“Carle?”“Elisa, what are you doing?” Carle’s voice was as gentle as usual.Rachel could hear Carle’s voice. A lump came to her throat as guilt came pouring over her.“I’m with Rachel at home. I just moved today.” “Moved?” Carle was surprised. He could not help but pry, “Why didn’t you tell me you were moving?”“The moving company did everything. Rachel ordered everything for me. I didn’t have to do anything. Moreover, how could I let you help me with your current state?” Elisa chuckled gently, “You should be taking care of your body. We can talk about the rest after you have recovered.”“I miss you,” Carle sighed.He could not see Elisa often because of his health problems. Moreover, Elisa was very busy. He was afraid that he would disturb her.Most importantly, he felt uneasy. He was worried that Elisa had agreed to be with him out of pity.Otherwise… the current state they were in now did not seem like any normal romantic relationship.Was it because he wasn’t romantic enough? But Elisa never seemed to like him. He could arrange various romantic scenes for her and speak all kinds of sweet words to her. But… Elisa always refused him with multiple excuses. There was nothing he could do.At
this moment, he wanted to ask if Elisa had accepted him out of pity…But he dared not ask. He was afraid that the answer would be worse than he expected.“What would you like to eat tonight? Why don’t I go over? I’ll make dinner for the both of you.”He wanted to say that he’d make dinner for her. But he was afraid that he would scare Elisa off.He could only advance carefully.Elisa smiled. “I just told you to take care of your health. But now you are thinking about cooking for me. You are such a disobedient boy.”Her last sentence sounded gentle but reprimanding.Elisa controlled herself so well that it was hard for Carle to figure out their relationship.But… Elisa felt guilty as well. The last thing she wanted to do was to keep him guessing.
###chapter658
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 658
Carle sighed; he felt a little helpless. “I’ll have someone escort me. I’ll be fine. It’s just making dinner. You know me, Elisa. I’m not that weak.”The look in Rachel’s eyes turned complicated. She opened her mouth to speak, but no words came out. Elisa said gently, “Let’s talk about this when you are better, Carle. You should take care of your own body.”Carle’s eyes shone with tears. Eventually, he replied helplessly. “Okay then.” Their call was still going on, but both of them had gone silent.Elisa did not know what to say. Carle had a lot to say, but he needed to figure out where or how to start.Rachel felt awkward. The next moment, she suddenly had an idea. She quickly ran to one side and shouted, “Elisa, come help me! I don’t know how to sort out your belongings.”Elisa smiled slowly. This best friend of hers was indeed reliable. Carle had surely heard Rachel.As expected, Carle spoke. “We’ll talk later then. Go on with your unpacking.”“Okay. Take care of your health. Don’t overwork yourself.”“Alright.”Elisa hung up right away.Carle held onto his phone. He had a sad look on his face.He stared at his phone’s wallpaper with increased sadness in his eyes. It was a beautiful photo of Elisa.Elisa…Am I going to lose her?No. To be exact, had she ever belonged to him?…Three days passed.Elisa was transferred to Gareth’s company for work.Although it was a collaboration between Wickam Group and Benett Corporation, only Elisa went. The rest were all Gareth’s employees.Elisa appeared like personnel with solid internal endorsement. Everyone had to listen to her except for Gareth.Today was Elisa’s first day at Wickam Group.Gareth had prepared a private office for Elisa.Her office here was more luxurious than the one she had at Benett Corporation.Moreover…Elisa frowned slightly. Why was the office layout similar to Gareth’s?Thomas noticed Elisa’s frown as soon as he turned to her. He avoided her gaze in guilt and did not say anything.After scanning around, he said, “Ms. Benett, you will be working here from today onward. You may contact me if you need anything.”Elisa nodded. “Great.”Thomas nodded in response. “Why don’t you take a short rest first? Mr. Wickam will have a discussion with all the personnel involved in half an hour. Are you alright with this schedule?”Elisa replied calmly. “No problem.”Thomas nodded. He trusted Ms. Benett’s working abilities. He smiled and excused himself. “Then I shall leave.”“Okay.”Thomas closed the door behind
him. Elisa looked at her office once more.She estimated the size of the office to be eighty square feet; the office desk was about one by two meters. It was luxurious and huge.There was a lounge on the right side of the room. In the lounge was a black sofa and a coffee table by the side of the wall.There was a small pantry on the left side with a coffee maker and some daily necessities.There was a foldable dining table latched onto the wall too. The office was well-equipped and quite perfect.And this office was…
###chapter659
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 659
She had been to Gareth’s office before. This office was almost the same as his.He had never liked his things to be the same as others. So what was he doing? Elisa frowned lightly. There was a strange look in her eyes.Gareth was making a huge sacrifice just so that she would make up with him. Elisa did not go the lounge. She sat in her office chair and turned on the computer. After transferring the information from her flash drive, she went through it to ensure nothing was wrong. Then, she took out her data folder.Suddenly, the phone on her desk rang. Elisa picked it up.“Hello.”“Ms. Benett, everyone’s ready for the meeting. You can come to the conference room on the top floor now. We will start in ten minutes.”Thomas sounded as polite as ever. Elisa replied, “Alright.”Elisa tidied her stuff after hanging up and went upstairs to the conference room.Everyone was already there when she entered the conference room.Thomas smiled at Elisa when he saw her. “Ms. Benett, this is your seat.”Elisa followed Thomas. Her pupils widened for a bit when she saw that it was the first seat on the chairman’s right.Everyone stared at Elisa.She had a black suit on today. Her long hair was put up into a simple bun. Her beautiful and delicate face was calm and a little serious. She emitted an aura a queen would have. It was slightly intimidating.Everyone knew who Elisa was as she would always appear with Gareth in the media in the past. Thomas did not even need to introduce her. But there were some new employees in the company who might not know about Elisa and Gareth. So, when everyone arrived, Thomas smiled at them and spoke, “Ladies and gentlemen. I’m sure everyone here knows who Ms. Benett is. She is the niece of the CEO of Benett Corporation. She will be handling our collaboration with Benett Corporation this time. Everyone shall follow all of Ms. Benett’s instructions in the future.”The ‘everyone’ he meant applied to all who were present except Gareth.Nobody dared to utter a single word. They merely stared at Elisa.Elisa nodded and greeted everyone. “Hello, I’m Elisa Benett.”Everyone nodded in response.The look in everyone’s eyes was different.Some had admiration, and some had doubts.This is a huge and important collaboration. Is this young and inexperienced woman going to be in charge?Was Mr. Wickam blinded by her beauty?But didn’t the two of them fight? Was this a profitable business? Why did it seem suspicious?Gareth slowly walked in while everyone
was sizing Elisa up with their stares. When they saw Gareth, they got up subconsciously. Elisa remained standing.She did not say anything as she watched Gareth walk over towards her.Thomas pulled Elisa’s chair out and said, “Please have a seat.”Elisa looked surprised, but she just nodded and sat down. Gareth took his seat too.Only then everyone sat down.Gareth was just a man. But the air he carried with him made people fear him.His handsome face looked icy cold. He leaned against the back of his chair and kept quiet.Thomas sat on Gareth’s left. He was presiding over this meeting. Gareth would only voice out some arrangements and make decisions.
###chapter660
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 660
Thomas looked at the crowd as he announced calmly, “Everyone, let’s welcome Ms. Benett to explain the proposal. Feel free to ask questions after her presentation.”Since there were no ions, he nodded at Elisa, who inserted a pen drive into her laptop and started presenting. Gareth’s gaze fell on her slender hands. At that moment, he couldn’t help remembering the moment she cracked the encrypted file.Without a second glance at him, she started explaining her idea. As everyone listened aptly, they were impressed by her proposal. I heard that she came up with this entirely on her own.The latest incident roused a lot of attention. Even though no one pointed it out loud, both Wickam Group and Darcey Group knew something about it; even the employees at Benett Corporation were eagerly discussing it.However, it was only at that moment they heard about the specifics.Throughout the two- hour long presentation, Gareth paid attention to her. The way she used the mouse to highlight some of her points and how she wrote her idea on the board painted an alluring light on her. To him, her eyes seemed profound and bright.She had changed so much that she seemed a completely different person now.When she finished presenting, she added, “This is all I have for now. Does anyone have any questions or comments?”With that, the entire meeting room became silent.Everyone was deep in their thoughts and seemed impressed by her ingenuity. What a great proposal!Moments later, an elite- looking businesswoman in her thirties nudged her silver-framed glasses before speaking, “I have a question, Ms. Benett.” A look of recognition flashed in everyone’s eyes. The woman was Hazel Becker, one of the leading professionals in the company. Though she was not the most experienced, her capabilities were very outstanding. She even gained recognition from Gareth.She was quick-witted and sharp with her words, thus exuding an air of credibility. Needless to say, she was well-respected in the company.Based on her tone, everyone had doubts that Elisa could fare well.Thomas introduced her position in the company and her belonging department.The group focused on Elisa, who looked at Hazel calmly. “What is it?”“Did you come up with this on your own?”Elisa showed the original proposal as her reply.A simple proposal was displayed on the screen, showing all four document pages.“This is the original document. Everything I presented just now was modified from this,” Elisa
explained.Everyone looked at the original proposal quietly.There wasn’t much change in Gareth’s expression, so his genuine surprise was unnoticed.The before and after were utterly different proposals. It was not an exaggeration to say that Elisa came up with the latest proposal on her own.Apart from that, the original proposal was childish and immature, as if it was written by a student; it brought no value whatsoever.Based on the request to update it, Elisa revived the proposal to become a highly sought-after idea by everyone.The original document was enough proof that she single-handedly revamped it with her own idea without any help from others.Hazel nodded. “I’m very impressed that you came up with such a proposal, and I agree with your suggestions to implement it. But, I have one worry – if you were to take charge, are you able to lead everyone in the right direction?”
###chapter661
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 661
Hazel was thinking about the execution of the proposal when she asked that question.Elisa glanced at Gareth from the corner of her eye. She realized he had no intention to speak, as though he wanted her to handle the situation alone. If Elisa could not assert herself, it would be difficult for her to undertake this task.I wouldn’t care so much if I have nothing to do with this plan; I can just say that I was asked by Gareth. However, if this proposal brings a lot of profit, I will be respected by Benett Corporation in the future. Under everyone’s gazes, she said, “Ms. Becker, are you doubting my leadership capabilities because I don’t have any relevant experience?”“Anyone can come up with a great plan. But when it comes to the execution, something might be left out. This is a huge investment, after all. If we encounter any problems, it will come at a great cost to the company. I hope you understand my concerns about this.”Hazel had always been a straightforward and frank person. To her, there was nothing wrong in voicing her concerns.The crowd looked at Elisa again. Some thought gleefully, Hah! Does she think she can call the shots around here just because she’s slightly capable? How can such an inexperienced girl head this critical project? If there are any issues, she won’t have to bear the responsibility for the colossal losses. Instead, Gareth will be responsible because he makes the final decisions. If that happens, the only person who will be criticized will be Gareth, not Elisa. Perhaps Gareth’s decision will be questioned as well. How can a woman like Elisa shoulder this tremendous responsibility? “Of course, I understand your perspective. Ms. Becker, why don’t you point out some of the challenges we might face? You are always welcome to test me on how I’ll resolve them. I know everyone doubts my problem-solving skills from the presentation alone.” Elisa nodded calmly without showing any discomfort.On the contrary, she proposed a logical solution to prove herself.This time, there was a look of approval in the people who were prejudiced against her, including Hazel.With a nod, Hazel asked, “Fair point. Based on the first part of your presentation, I would like to know your actions if any unforeseen accidents occur in the manufacturing process. If someone sabotages our plan, causing the product unable to be pushed to the market in time, what will you do?”“It depends on how we are being sabotaged. I’m quite good at pursuing legal action.”The crowd went silent upon
hearing that, not knowing what to say.Most of the unforeseen accidents came from competitors who had malicious intentions. However, no one could stop a natural disaster from happening, as they couldn’t predict the future.Hazel smiled. “You’re right, Ms. Benett. You’re Iris, after all. Once it’s known to the public that you will be handling the project, no one will dare to publicly offend you. However, what if someone secretly ruins the plan without leaving behind any evidence? How would you resolve the challenges when all the evidence is destroyed?”Elisa looked at her with ease. “Ms. Becker, Wickam Group has been around for many years, and we have taken the lead on countless projects. How many accidents have we encountered so far? In my opinion, everyone working here is talented and meticulous. I’m sure they will take the necessary precaution, and we have all signed the non-disclosure agreement. As for the rest, I’m sure you can keep everything under control. Don’t you think so?”Surprise flitted across the crowd’s eyes.
###chapter662
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 662
What a great rebuttal!Indeed, Hazel oversaw protecting the company’s interest. The main reason for bringing the subject up was to give Elisa a hard time.After Elisa’s reply, it would seem inappropriate and incompetent of her if she pursued the topic any further. Hazel nodded. “That makes sense. Let’s move on to the second question.”The rest of the people were quietly looking forward to witnessing the next scene. She is not just all talk but is well-versed in many different fields.Elisa nodded in reply.Hazel cleared her throat and continued, “I can tell we will need a lot of talent in the later part of the project. We will need at least two hundred of the leading experts in the field. Even though we are not lacking in talent, we still need to recruit elites. How are you going to do this?”“For those up to par, I will recruit them myself.”The crowd was again speechless upon hearing that. Apparently, Elisa was well-prepared for this battle.At this point, no one questioned her capabilities anymore.Hazel nodded and fired three more questions, and Elisa answered them perfectly and with ease. Finally, Hazel nodded in satisfaction.“Thanks. I’m done with my questions now.”Throughout the process, Gareth had been sitting quietly without any intention of leaving or helping Elisa. She handled the situation on her own.Everyone in the meeting changed their perception of her after that.There were a few more people who weren’t satisfied with her. They asked challenging questions to give her a hard time, but she gave them plausible and compelling suggestions. In the end, they agreed with her and were even excited about the proposal. Throughout the entire Q&A session, Gareth’s gaze never left her. Even Thomas could feel the intensity of his gaze.This is a bit too much… There are so many people here – why can’t he restrain himself?Thomas was not the only person who noticed. Even those who weren’t close to Gareth felt that something was different.Why does Mr. Wickam keep staring at Elisa? Is it purely because he wants to know her replies? Or because he values this project a lot? Perhaps he values Elisa because of this and is willing to forget about their past to work with her.Meanwhile, some people assumed that he still had feelings for her.After all, the news about him and Will was well-known by everyone. Both of them had been competing with each other publicly and privately. It seemed that they were even competing for the same woman.Wow, it seems like we have an exciting drama to watch.In the past,
Will and Gareth had always competed with each other through projects and proposals. This time, the team wouldn’t have to work on the proposal, having more time to enjoy the upcoming drama.It’s pretty nice that we can just sit back and enjoy.Elisa provided satisfactory replies to all the people who asked the hard questions, rendering everyone speechless.After a long pause, Thomas smiled at everyone in the room. “Since no one has spoken in a while, it seems there are no more questions on this topic.”The silence continued for several more seconds.With a nod, Thomas concluded, “Since there are no other ions on the topic, we can implement the proposal now.”Everyone remained silent, but they shifted their gazes to Gareth. It was his turn to speak next.
###chapter663
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 663
Sure enough, Gareth retracted his gaze and looked at the crowd calmly.“The project will start tomorrow. Everyone has to work with Elisa and take her instructions.” “Noted, sir,” some replied, while others nodded.Elisa didn’t make any further comments. Her throat was getting dry from all the talking moments before. Then, Gareth made his way out of the room.“The meeting is over. You may proceed with your work,” Thomas quickly announced.The crowd collected their belongings and left the room.There were different attitudes toward Elisa suddenly becoming one of the company’s directors. Some were neutral, some annoyed – thinking she had nothing to offer, and some indifferent.Meanwhile, she didn’t care what they thought about her.After all, she was bound to encounter challenges in life. She just had to resolve them when the obstacles arose.After returning to her office, she started drafting a new action plan.However, as soon as her hand touched the mouse, her phone rang.“Ms. Benett, I’m Serena Jenkins, Mr. Wickams’s new assistant. He is calling you to his office.”Serena? A new girl?Elisa was surprised to hear that. Gareth usually delegates most of his tasks to Thomas. Perhaps Thomas is busy with other stuff. I’ve never heard of Serena Jenkins, though.“Sure,” she replied.“See you.”She put the phone down and made her way to Gareth’s office. When she arrived at the door, she knocked before saying, “It’s me, Mr. Wickam.”“Come in.”His voice was void of all emotions. As soon as Elisa entered the room, she saw a tall, beautiful woman standing behind him.Something is definitely up with them.They appraised each other simultaneously, but Serena quickly smiled and nodded at Elisa as a greeting.Elisa returned the greeting in a similar fashion before looking at Gareth.“Yes, Mr. Wickam?” she asked, standing in front of him.Behind him, Serena placed a document in front of him. “Your sign is needed here, Mr. Wickam.”Gareth perused the document quickly and signed.Serena took back the document and asked, “Is there anything else, Mr. Wickam?”“You may leave,” he instructed coolly.“Alright.”She flashed another smile at Elisa before walking out of the room.Elisa’s lips twitched into a smile, but she remained still at the same spot.“Sit.” Gareth lifted his gaze to look at her.Elisa flopped into the seat ungraciously.“Next to me.” He frowned.When she saw him inserting a pen drive into his laptop, she understood his intentions and shifted her chair to sit
beside him.The atmosphere in the office was relatively peaceful, though they were once married, and he used to hate her.When they divorced, they were constantly at odds with each other.Yet, at that moment, they could sit next to each other peacefully and work together.
###chapter664
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 664
He opened a file that was full of codes.This… does not fall under my job scope, Elisa thought helplessly. “This code needs two people to break. Can you help me?” he asked quietly. Even though he was asking for her help, it was more of an order than a request.While she hesitated, he took a laptop out of a drawer and handed it to her. Though speechless, she took it. Seeing how he didn’t stop her from breaking into his company secrets, she switched it on.Then, he passed her the pen drive. After opening the files, both of them started cracking the code.Apart from the tapping on the keyboards, nothing else could be heard.Both of them were intensely focused on their screens. While working on it, they could also see each other’s progress.It took more than three hours to complete it, and they missed lunch because of that.After pressing the enter button one last time, Elisa massaged her arms.“Does it hurt?” he asked.“No.” She looked at him. “Is there anything else?”“Not for now.”She didn’t even look at the contents after successfully cracking the code. She merely shut the laptop and got up.“I’ll take my leave, then.” She nodded.“Thomas has already bought our lunch. Let’s eat something first,” Gareth said indifferently.Elisa didn’t want to spend any more time with him, so she rejected coolly, “It’s okay. You guys go ahead.”With that, she proceeded to walk out of the room.However, he quickly grabbed her hand. She frowned at him, but she didn’t jerk away. Gareth’s behavior was out of character, making Elisa feel that something was off.“Please let go.”Nevertheless, he pulled her into her chair. Before she could even struggle to get up, Thomas’ voice rang at the door.“Mr. Wickam.”“Come in.”Elisa quickly sat up straight, not wanting to be seen with him like that.As soon as Gareth let go of her hand, Thomas entered slowly as though he was giving them time to compose themselves.After placing the food on the table, he said, “I’m busy with something else, so I’ll leave first.”He didn’t want to be the third wheel in the room.On top of that, he didn’t want to see his boss being rejected by Elisa.Gareth and Elisa remained silent upon hearing that, and Thomas walked out of the room as usual.Both of them were left alone again.Looking at Gareth, Elisa demanded, “Don’t you think you are acting very weird? Since you want to remarry, why are you putting on such a show?”His face darkened, but Elisa let out a sarcastic snort before continuing, “I’m finally free from the agony of loving you. Yet, do you want me to repeat
that again? I didn’t know you were this ruthless, Gareth.”He had stated a few times that she was heartless, but to her, he was thousands of times worse than her.His sharp gaze lingered on her as he thought, Free from the agony of love? So, am I just another man to her now?With a sneer, he retorted, “Ruthless? Which of us is more ruthless?”Since the divorce, Elisa had inflicted much damage on him, each more ruthless than the last.She didn’t even think of Julia’s feelings when she attacked Wickam Group.Isn’t she more ruthless?
###chapter665
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 665
Elisa’s lips twitched, but she couldn’t be bothered to say anything.Without sparing a glance at Gareth, she started making her way out of the room. Meanwhile, he simply sat still, gazing at her back sharply as though his eyes could penetrate her.If another person received such a treatment, they would not be able to withstand such pressure; their bodies would start to tremble. However, Elisa was different. She stormed away furiously, not wanting to stay a second longer with Gareth.In the past, she used to lament that he didn’t like her.Now that she had seen how he evaluated everything with monetary gains, she felt utterly disappointed and regretted that she used to be blinded by love.Were Will to do the same thing, she wouldn’t be that enraged, even if he was more scheming than Gareth; she would think it was normal.Perhaps her expectations toward her ex-lover were different. The fact that someone she once loved could be so terrifying made her unreasonably irate.After reaching her office, she realized she had lost all her appetite. Hence, she started working, hoping to end the day sooner so she could go home. More importantly, she wanted to leave Gareth, whom she was disgusted with.However, she was not the only one who couldn’t eat – Gareth didn’t touch his food at all.Sitting at his desk, darkness loomed on his face.…Three days later, Elisa and Gareth were still mad and ignoring each other. They also didn’t join any meetings together.Even without the fight, Elisa would have ignored him in all circumstances. This made her the host for most of the meetings. Unless absolutely necessary, Gareth would not show up.This made Elisa’s life easier, but because of Gareth’s absence, many people changed their minds about her.In one particular meeting, she pointed out some of her dissatisfactions about the first phase, making everyone groan in protest.“Ms. Benett, it’s true that we have to coordinate with you, but we also have to make sure that what you suggest is correct so that everyone will trust us,” someone voiced out dryly.Even though the meeting only consisted of fifteen people, they were all experienced veterans in this field. The problem was about hiring the elites in human resources to support them in the project.Since most of them were already experienced, they had their own quirks and habits. If Gareth were here, they would all be meek and quiet.However, since it was Elisa, they would feel embarrassed if they remained quiet and listened to everything she said.The person who commented just now was
Darell Anderson, the deputy manager of the human resources department.Having an excellent track record, he was usually well-respected by everyone. Even his superiors would give in to him.In an interview that day, Elisa commented in front of everyone, “You shouldn’t challenge the candidates like that.”I have my pride too! And I don’t think there’s anything wrong with my interview questions. I’ve only hired competent people during my time here!Without a doubt, he couldn’t take Elisa’s criticism.
###chapter666
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 666
Everyone shifted their gazes to Elisa. Since the person with the most authority on the topic had already protested, the people who wanted to impress him would not stay silent either.A young man in his thirties immediately chipped in. “Ms. Benett, Mr. Anderson is right – we think you’re wrong here. Aside from capabilities, I agree we should also observe if the candidate is a cultural fit. However, the candidate the other day was simply odd. Yet, you decided to hire him immediately and even increased his wage.” He paused. “On top of giving Mr. Anderson a hard time, you even criticized him in front of everyone. Has he really done something wrong?” Regarding this conflict, the majority stood with Darell, who was more experienced and capable.The fact that he worked with Wickam Group – a company that would not tolerate underperformers – for such a long time proved that he was capable. Though that was the case, Elisa criticized him point blank in the meeting. It was only reasonable that he found it difficult to accept.Upon hearing that, Elisa looked at the young man in confusion.“Since when have I criticized Mr. Anderson?”I was just telling them my idea to recruit new talent. I’ve never even mentioned Darell’s name, yet he thinks I’m criticizing him.Darell’s face darkened, but he remained arrogantly silent.The young man explained, “You just said that we can’t continue working based on the old evaluation system, and you asked us to shift from an old mentality to a more modern working method. Aren’t you implying that we are the problem here?” Elisa was dumbfounded when she heard that.What? Is he dumb?“Are you sure those were my exact words?” Elisa asked calmly.He frowned. “How can I remember every single word you said? I’m only describing the gist of the conversation. Since everyone heard it too, I hope you can explain everything to us.”Elisa lowered her gaze before taking out a recording pen.The young man’s expression immediately changed when he saw that.Without any hesitation, Elisa copied the recordings into her laptop. Under everyone’s shocked expressions, she found the exact conversation and played it to the public.“Even though we had some difficulties in the interviews today, we did well. The people we are currently looking for are different from the usual candidates; we need people from the management level to join us. Hence, we have to make some alterations to our usual recruitment process.”Her voice reverberated clearly in the
room.Gloominess overtook the young man’s demeanor after that, and there was a conflicted expression in everyone’s eyes.When he was confronting Elisa just now, some people were unsure of what exactly happened, while others seemed convinced by him, resulting in an unpleasant impression of Elisa.Now that the recording was played, everyone realized they had misunderstood her.Elisa focused her gaze on the young man’s pale face before asking calmly, “You were referring to this part, weren’t you?”
###chapter667
The young man was at a loss for words before retaliating angrily, “I can’t believe you recorded the meeting! Isn’t that against the
law?”
The corner of Elisa’s lips twitched. “The law, you say?”
The look on everyone’s faces changed instantly.
One of the women who looked up to Elisa shot a sharp look at the young man. “Did you sleep enough yesterday? How are you
always so senseless? Ms. Benett is Iris – I think she knows very well what is against the law and what is not!”
It was considered polite of her to not point out that he was an idiot.
“I...” he stuttered.
Meanwhile, Darell’s face darkened.
Though Elisa did not mention his name, he was the one who came up with the recruitment process. She’s implying that I’m
incapable, isn’t she?
Underneath the table, his fists were clenched tightly as he struggled to reign in his anger.
“What are your thoughts on this, Mr. Anderson?” With that, Elisa glanced at him coolly.
This was not the first time he had opposed her ideas.
Though he was just a deputy manager, it was common knowledge that he had already hijacked the manager’s responsibilities.
Everyone in the department had to take his orders.
Everyone turned around to look at him.
He gritted his teeth before explaining, “I’m not accusing you of insulting me. I just think that there are some problems with the
candidate just now. He has such an erratic temper. I don’t understand why you insisted on hiring him. Did he display such high
moral values?”
Elisa retorted calmly, “He is slightly stubborn, but he isn’t unethical. One needs to think out of the box when handling the
mechanics of a machine. During the interview, he checked those boxes.”
The main reason Elisa was facing a backlash now was because of her status.
If Gareth had made the same decision, no one would complain. They would even praise him in an attempt to suck up to him.
Yet, now that Elisa was taking the lead, everyone questioned her decisions.
If she was still married to Gareth, it was highly likely that no one would say a thing. Since she didn’t have such a status now,
everything was different.
Darell let out a cold snort. “Just do whatever you want.”
He obviously disagreed with her, but she ignored him and addressed the rest of the group.
“I know everyone is doubtful of my capabilities, seeing that I’ve just joined the company. I don’t care what you think of me, and I
won’t take it personally. Of course, I will never take revenge against anyone. However, you must take my orders since you work
for me.”
The last sentence was spoken with such authority that they felt a familiar sense of pressure.
Everyone jolted in their seats before realizing it was Elisa – not Gareth – standing in front of them.
The pressure they give out is so similar! It felt suffocating at that moment, and I almost forgot how to breathe!
No one dared to say anything. Even Darell felt as though he was imprisoned, forgetting to protest against her.
A sudden silence fell upon the room, but Elisa was not done with her speech.
As everyone held their breaths, she locked eyes with Darell indifferently.
###chapter668
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 668
“I don’t care how things worked when you were in charge, Mr. Anderson. Now that I’m taking the lead, I will oversee everything,” she said in a firm, determined voice, making him look even more sullen.Then, she shifted her gaze to look at everyone, “Gareth Wickam asked you to take my orders. I hope you keep that in mind. I won’t let this project fail. Even if we lose money, it’s still his fault – he’s an idiot with way too much money anyway. Since he chooses to trust me, you have to follow suit and take my orders.” She sounded cocky, but no one thought of her that way because they were mesmerized by her.Wow! She dares to address Mr. Wickam by his full name and even calls him an idiot. They felt slightly conflicted when they thought about that.Apart from that, Thomas is still here! Wouldn’t he report this to Mr. Wickam?With that thought in mind, they turned around to look at Thomas but were baffled when they realized he was trying to hold back a smile.One of them felt the urge to ask, ‘How long can you hold that for? If not, feel free to laugh out loud.’What is going on?Seeing how everyone turned around to look at Thomas, Elisa felt something was up. She observed him from the corner of her eyes and glimpsed the occasional grin on his face.Regardless, she didn’t comment on it.After retracting her gaze, she continued, “You may freely share any suggestions, but I disagree with people who slander others. If this happens again, don’t blame me for being ruthless.” What is she going to do about it?Right when everyone was wondering, the door was suddenly pushed open.Though shocked, the crowd felt as though their life savior had arrived.Gareth appeared in a smart, black suit. Standing at almost two meters, his broad shoulders and comparatively slender waist made him look appealing. His handsome face, especially, could send girls into a frenzy.Though he was usually arrogant and indifferent, no one thought badly of him.After all, he had the power to act in that manner.The crowd did not dare to look him straight in the eye. As their eyes secretly followed him around, he sat next to Elisa.Though Elisa was the host of the meeting, she didn’t sit in the main seat. She sat to the right of his usual seat.As soon as he sat down in the main seat, he looked at her calmly. “So, what are you going to do about it?”Does Mr. Wickam disagree with her? They thought in surprise. That’s great news! I hope he fires her immediately! I want her out of this company!Darell looked at them expectantly, but he didn’t dare to
complain to Gareth about her. What if the situation is not as I expected?Everyone enjoyed seeing Elisa being put on the spot. Let’s see how she’ll get away with this now!Under everyone’s attention, she replied coolly, “I’ll ask them to go to the finance department to get their severance pay.”What the hell? She’s too cocky!
###chapter669
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 669
Some of them thought, I’m so jealous of her!Hah! Does she really think she can do whatever she wants just because she’s slightly talented? I don’t believe Mr. Wickam will allow that! When Gareth met Elisa’s gaze, they could see the indifference reflected in each other’s eyes; there were no sparks.However, the crowd felt like they had melted into the background, and the room only consisted of the two. Everyone held their breath, unsure how Gareth would react.Some of them even worried he might unleash his anger on them.Right when everyone visualized the situation differently, Gareth suddenly turned to them.“Did you guys hear that?”Everyone froze in disbelief.In a moment, they suddenly returned to their senses. He approves of her way of handling it! Oh my gosh! How could he agree to that?Darell was the last person in the room to return to his senses.With his heart aching, he thought, Why is Mr. Wickam behaving this way?Gareth arched his eyebrows. “Did you hear me?” he asked threateningly, staring straight into Darell’s eyes.Darell gave a jolt before nodding furiously. “Of course, of course.”At that moment, his commanding demeanor vanished entirely. As the fear of being fired thickened, cold sweat broke out on his back.He had always been a subject of envy due to his position as the deputy manager of the human resources department in Wickam Group. His friends and relatives got along with him because they wanted to benefit from his status. Hence, he didn’t even dare to imagine the consequences if he was fired; he didn’t want to risk losing everything in his life.Since he agreed humbly, no one else dared to voice their concerns further.“Got it.” They agreed meekly and obediently.Gareth shifted his gaze to Elisa. “I’ll leave everything to you. You are right – I’m an idiot with too much money anyway.”Elisa remained silent. How much did he hear?Everyone couldn’t believe their ears. Are they flirting with each other? What is going on with both of them?Noticing the peculiar gazes from the crowd, Elisa quickly stood up. “Let’s call it a day. As I mentioned just now, please make some preparations on your own. We will continue the meeting at the same time tomorrow.”Without sparing a glance at Gareth, she took her laptop and left.Is she trying to cover up her shyness?She leaves so hastily, even though he’s still here. Is she embarrassed by Mr. Wickam’s words just now? Or is she ignoring him and doing whatever she likes because she’s cocky?In the past, their relationship was
completely different. She looked at him with love and tenderness, and both seemed to love each other.Yet, even though no one can meddle in their relationship now, they seem to be competitors instead of lovers.The crowd wondered if it was just an illusion.With that thought in mind, they looked at their boss.
###chapter670
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 670
Gareth’s gaze was fixated on Elisa until she completely disappeared from his sight. Then, he got up and walked out of the room without any further instructions to the team.Thomas also followed suit. Shooting a glance at his watch, he said, “It’s getting late. You guys should get back to work.” He quickly followed Gareth after receiving no reply.However, everyone in the room seemed sluggish after that episode. They exchanged glances with each other until someone broke the silence.“Let’s just listen to her instructions from now on. Otherwise, we might get into trouble.”Darell’s face darkened. I’ve entirely lost my authority and pride. Gareth gave me such a hard time because of that bimbo!Taking a deep breath to hold his anger back, he walked out of the room in large strides.However, many people sneered at his leaving figure. His career will end if he continues behaving this way. Serves him right!Meanwhile, the young man who spoke up for him looked fearful. He seemed dazed when he walked out of the room.…Gareth’s actions had alarmed the entire company. Rumors spread like wildfire. By the time the information had gone around, it turned to something akin to ‘Gareth almost proposed to Elisa in front of everyone.’In no time, such a rumor spread outside the company and even appeared on the trending page on Twitter.Elisa was working when Rachel called her.Before she could say a word, Rachel squealed. She moved the phone a few inches away from her ear and waited for Rachel to calm down. “What’s wrong, my overreacting friend?”“What happened between you and Gareth? Did you get back with him?”Elisa was dumbfounded upon hearing that.Though she had no clue what was happening, she continued typing on her laptop. As more words showed up on her screen, she asked, “What are you talking about?”“You’re on the trending page, sis!”“The trending page?” She stopped typing.“Yeah! You can see the discussions on Twitter. Why does the entire thing seem exaggerated?”A frown appeared on her face as she stopped working and opened Twitter.The first post on the trending page was straight to the point.‘Gareth begged Elisa to marry him again.’“Did you see that?” Rachel asked excitedly.Speechless, Elisa clicked it.She cringed when she saw the entire post.—-xx: ‘My relative is on the management team in Wickam Group. In one of the meetings where Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett were around, they flirted with each other lovingly. Mr. Wickam even
promised to organize Ms. Benett the most lavish wedding ever. He even said he would kneel to get her forgiveness, so he could marry her again.’—-xx: ‘Oh my gosh! Someone I know is also there, and they told me the same thing. On top of that, I heard that Ms. Benett is rather cocky. She does whatever she likes in the company. She even wanted to fire some experienced employees with the claim that they weren’t capable enough. I can’t believe it!’After that, many people started writing fanfictions about Gareth and Elisa’s conversation with the plot of marrying each other again.
###chapter671
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 671
Of course, many haters disagreed with the post claiming that it was out of character for Gareth to do something like that.Elisa felt exhausted just by looking at the online discussion, so she quit the application quietly. “Say something!” Rachel demanded. “What’s going on between both of you? Something must have happened! I bet you guys hooked up with each other!”Elisa’s lips twitched in protest. “Nothing will ever happen between us! The other day, I was putting pressure on my team, telling them that I won’t hesitate to be ruthless if they disobey my instructions.”“And?”Elisa explained the entire situation to Rachel. When Rachel understood the actual situation, her jaw dropped.“What? You’re not lying, are you? Is that all?” she asked incredulously.“That’s all.”“Wha–? How did things end up like this? Those people are really–”“What if Carle sees it?” Elisa asked worriedly.“Oh!” Rachel gave a jolt. “W-What should we do? I bet he’ll be devastated when he sees it. Perhaps he will give you a call.”As soon as she finished her sentence, Elisa received a call.“Speaking of the devil, he’s calling me right now.”Rachel paused for a moment before asking, “What are you going to do? Are you… going to pick it up?”Elisa sighed. “Let’s hang up. I’ll take his call first.”“… Alright.”After a pause, Rachel added, “It’s good I briefed you about the situation beforehand. Since you already have a heads up, just talk to him.” “Sure.”With that, she took Carle’s call.“Hey, Carle.”“Hey. Are you busy?”Elisa’s eyes flickered. Though he sounded calm, she could tell that something was wrong.“Kinda. I’m still working. What’s up?”Elisa sounded nonchalant, making Carle unsure if she knew about the situation.He didn’t know how to breach the topic. Should I ask her about it directly? But what should I say? If I don’t say anything, I’ll be even more anxious!Conflicting thoughts appeared in his mind.He had no idea how to approach the situation.Sensing his silence, Elisa asked, “Carle?”He returned to his senses and held his phone hesitantly.Finally, he succumbed to his hurt feelings, or perhaps he just wanted to know the truth. “I just saw the discussion on Twitter,” he stated quietly.“Twitter…” Elisa repeated crisply. “Rachel just called to tell me. Do you believe it?”Carle took a deep breath before replying, “I believe in you.”However, Elisa could hear the hesitance in his voice.She heaved an exasperated sigh, but she said nothing.If they were in a relationship, she would explain the entire situation to him and even show
him the recording.She planned to keep a distance from him since they had to separate sooner or later. Because of those reasons, she didn’t explain anything at all, making her seem harsh.Deep down, she felt conflicted, and the sigh clearly showed that.Carle immediately panicked upon hearing that. “Elisa, I don’t doubt you. I just feel slightly upset. You–”“I know,” she interrupted.
###chapter672
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 672
“Elisa…” Carle seemed more dejected, but he had no idea how to deal with it.Initially, he was devastated and furious when he saw the Twitter posts. However, at that moment, his anger abated, and he just wanted to know what was going on. However, she didn’t even let him finish his sentence, making him even more panicked.Before he could think of a reply, she said with a smile, “You don’t have to explain anything to me. It’s my fault this happened. There’s nothing wrong with you.” Nevertheless, she still didn’t tell him the reality of the situation, and that was all he wanted to know.They fell silent again. Elisa had nothing more to say, while Carle didn’t know where to begin.“Are you still busy with work?”“Yeah.”“Can’t you stop working for Wickam Group?” Carle asked resentfully.“No. Since things have reached this stage, it’s not something I can stop, and neither can Gareth and Will.”But you know that my relationship with them is entirely platonic, Elisa thought. Still, she didn’t say it out loud, thinking it was unnecessary.“Elisa…” Carle sighed.The call was still ongoing, but Elisa didn’t utter a word.After a moment of pause, Carle said gently, “Sometimes I feel like I’m a begrudging person. I know I can’t restrict your freedom or where you work, but… I feel sad sometimes.”A look of guilt flitted across Elisa’s eyes, but her tone was rather callous. “Carle, you know that I’m planning my revenge. I can’t afford to have anything go wrong. I will remove any obstacles in my way, including you.”Carle’s heart jolted when he heard that.When he recalled how she lost her father and marriage and how she was tricked by her relative, he convinced himself to understand her current position.Taking a deep breath, he said, “I know… Elisa, I will help you.”Elisa’s expression changed upon hearing that. Even after how I treated him, he’s still willing to help me out. Why?If I didn’t meet Gareth and marry him, I might be moved by Carle.At that moment, she was riddled with guilt. What should I do next?She paused for a moment and sighed. “Take care of yourself. That’s the greatest favor you can do for me.”Carle tried to brush off the bitterness he was feeling. Elisa still cares about me. Otherwise, she wouldn’t take care of me personally at the hospital. Even when she had a severe car accident, she didn’t tell me so I wouldn’t worry about her.However, he was terrified of knowing her feelings, worried that she might regard him as a brother, worried that it might not be… love.As waves of bitterness engulfed him, he closed his
eyes.“Alright.” He gave a one-word reply.Elisa had no idea what to say next, so she asked gently, “I need to carry on with my work. Is it okay to hang up now?”“Sure. Take care of yourself too. Don’t fall sick from overworking – it’ll hurt me to see that.”Elisa clenched her fingers around the phone. “Okay.”With that, she hung up, not wanting to hear the thick melancholy in his voice any further.
###chapter673
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 673
Looking at the phone, Carle seemed even more surly and morose.In the end, Elisa didn’t explain the situation to him at all. She only asked him if he trusted her. Of course I do, but I want to hear the complete story. Not just to know the truth but to see that she cares enough to tell me. She will explain everything if I’m important enough to her.When such incidents happened in the past, Elisa would at least give some explanation, even though she was pretty aloof. At that moment, she didn’t mention anything about it. Her coldness terrified him. He tried to restrain his thoughts, but they kept bubbling up.“I-Impossible!”Sweat broke out on his back.Coincidentally, Holly heard him while she was making her way downstairs.When she saw his pale face, she felt sorry for him.She had just seen the posts on Twitter moments ago, so she could imagine how he was feeling.But…He was lost in his thoughts, staring blankly into the air.Holly walked to the couch and sat down beside him. “A penny for your thoughts?” she asked gently.Carle returned to his senses and turned around to look at her.However, when he looked at her, he immediately retracted his gaze and looked thoughtful again.Worried about him, she held his hands. “Hey, are you ignoring me now?”“No.” Carle returned to his senses again and gave a brief reply.Holly’s eyes narrowed when she looked at her son. He’s always like this – he doesn’t like to tell anyone his thoughts and only reports the good news to me. I bet it’s a great shock to him, and he might not be in control of his emotions. Elisa means the world to him.“Alas…” She shook her head helplessly.“What’s wrong?” Carle looked at her.“I’m sad.”The expression on his face changed after hearing her reply.“Out of a sudden?” he asked tentatively.He was worried that she might have seen the news on Twitter, but she seldom used the application.Worried that his mother might get the wrong impression of Elisa, he didn’t dare to breach the topic. If she didn’t know about it, I would’ve spilled the beans. I don’t want her to be displeased with Elisa.While he was hesitating, Holly did not hide the fact that she had already seen everything.Looking into Carle’s eyes, she said, “I saw it.”Carle’s expression took another turn. He shook his head firmly, “Mom, things are not what you imagine.”Holly looked at her son with a conflicted expression. “Carle, I know you love her dearly, and you want to be with her for the rest of your life – her past doesn’t bother you at all. But… do you know that you are
giving her a hard time?”Carle’s eyelashes fluttered. “What do you mean, Mom?” he asked with trembling lips.He knew the truth, but he refused to believe it.Holly sighed. “I know you have your grievances, but haven’t you thought about the reason for that?”He turned even paler as the remaining blood drained from his face.
###chapter674
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 674
Holly Benett sighed helplessly.“I know you’re in a bad mood. As your mother, the last thing I want is to give you unneeded pressure, but don’t you think it’s strange that she agreed to it so easily when she was fully against it before the accident?” Carle’s chest tightened.He was in denial. He knew the answer… But he just couldn’t bring himself to face the truth. “Mom, I don’t want to talk about it.”Holly sighed. Seeing that he was distressed about the entire thing, she decided to keep her thoughts to herself. She patted him on the shoulder. “I won’t say another word. You need to relax. Don’t overthink it.”In the end, Holly still couldn’t tell him how she felt about it.But how could she sit by and watch her son suffer? She was afraid that her son would fall too deep into this to pull himself out.…Meanwhile, two more were people paying close attention to what was trending at the moment.It was Linda and her mother.The both of them sat staring at the phone in the room. Linda’s hand was trembling.She was furious!Rose feared Linda would do something drastic. She quickly spoke up, “There is no way this is real. You know how standoffish Gareth is. He would never beg Elisa to remarry him. This is obviously fake news. It’s completely possible Elisa made this up to set you off.”Linda gritted her teeth and glared at the phone. “There’s no smoke without fire. There might be some exaggeration, but something must have happened!” She fumed.She did not want to believe it, but the truth was staring her right in the face. She knew there was something fishy going on! Rose frowned and shook her head. “I don’t think so. His pride alone would prevent him from doing that. Someone must have misconstrued things and made the rumor up. And as I said before, it’s more than likely Elisa cooked up the whole thing.”Linda’s features twisted into a grimace. “I believed in her. I trusted her when she said she lost faith in Gareth and gave up on their relationship. And now, she’s going behind my back to get back together with him!!!”Rose sighed exasperatedly. “It doesn’t matter what they’re up to. Besides, didn’t you say you have given up on him?”Linda gripped her phone tightly in her hand. “I despise them. I want to claw their eyes out! But at the same time, I’m still in love with him! Just the thought of him with another woman, even if it was made up, tears my heart to pieces. Mom… Why won’t Gareth love me? How can he be so cruel?”Linda wailed in pain and despair.“Linda.” Rose was cold as she frowned at her.Linda’s
eyelids fluttered as she carefully looked up at her mother.Her tears started to fall uncontrollably.Rose sighed, left speechless at the moment.She hadn’t been able to relax at all. Previously, Norman had lost two billion.And now, on top of that, her daughter was about to have a psychotic episode. Life was too hard.Linda took a deep breath and regained her composure.But no matter how hard she tried, she couldn’t. Linda threw her phone onto the bed.She had restrained herself from throwing it onto the floor.Rose took this all in before finally deciding to say something.
###chapter675
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 675
“Pull yourself together. Now that you’ve decided to give up on your relationship with Gareth and even decided that you’d get revenge. Combining the both together could be beneficial to us.”Linda gritted her teeth and took a deep breath. “Of course, I’m aware of that.” “As long as you’re aware of it. But you will need to have more conviction. Don’t look back now that you’ve decided to let go. If you can’t let go, are you aware of what you will face in the future?”Linda looked up at her mother without thinking. Rose patiently explained, “Here’s an example of what could happen if you don’t forget about him. If we go through with our plans, and right when we’re about to succeed, he suddenly remembers how kind you were to him in the past and decides that he wants to marry you. What will you do? Will your heart soften toward him? Will you throw away all reason and choose to be with him? And then what do you think will happen to you when he gets to the bottom of this and finds out what you did? He will toss you aside without a second thought. What will you do?” Linda’s pupils shrank, and she shivered at the thought.She had not thought about this at all. Her mother was right. That was one of the possible outcomes of the future.Because even though she was filled with hatred and could not forget, she still loved him as much as she had before.If she really thought that Gareth would change his mind and stay with her for the rest of their lives, then this entire situation would be…Over.Linda shut her eyes and forced down her upheaving emotions. “Okay.”Her voice was much hoarser than before. Not out of impatience but out of conviction. Rose finally felt relieved.She nodded helplessly. “As long as you’ve thought things through. We need to turn this thing around. Wickam Group. Elisa. We will have our revenge.”Linda looked up at her. “Do you have any ideas?”…Wickam Group.The trending search incident had caused such an uproar that almost everyone knew. Even Gareth had heard about it.Thomas handed his phone to Gareth, only for Gareth to glower at it.Thomas rubbed his nose and coughed. “Do you want me to take care of it, Mr. Wickam?”Gareth glowered at the page for a few minutes before returning the phone to Thomas.“Leave it.” He ground his teeth in irritation.Thomas’ eye darted to the side, but he nodded. He left after realizing that Gareth had no other instructions for him.Gareth was the only one left in the office. He slipped his phone out of his pocket and tapped into
Twitter.His expression darkened with every word he read.Begged?Gareth Wickam, now reduced to begging like a dog?Was Gareth Wickam actually a beta male?The rows and rows of ridicule darkened Gareth’s mood to that comparable to a storm cloud.However… If Thomas knew what Gareth was thinking, he would probably think to himself.Why is Mr. Wickam in a bad mood? Everyone is just questioning it. The Mr. Wickam they know would never do something like that unless he was knocked in the head. But why is he still so unhappy about it?Gareth scrolled some more before the storm cloud above him lifted.That was because…He saw what else was trending.#whataboutmrdarcey?Gareth tapped on the link. It opened to echoes of netizens expressing their devastation for him. They were all wondering what Mr. Darcey would do now.
###chapter676
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 676
Wasn’t this…Will Darcey was looking at the same trending hashtag. ——xx: ‘Oh no! My poor hubby!! I mean, the fact that he’s even interested in Elisa, a divorcee, just shows how precious he is! How could Elisa even think about going back to that man? Getting divorced proves how incompatible they were with each other! And yet she’s over here flirting with my hubby while trying to get back with her ex? What a bi*tch! I’m literally sobbing! I feel so bad for Mr. Darcey!’——xx: ‘We all feel bad for him! Mr. Darcey is a prime specimen! I can’t believe he is still single, with how many ladies just itching for a chance to be with him. How can Elisa do this?! Who gave her the right to?!’ ——xx: ‘Elisa is an independent woman who needs no man! Men are just trouble! I, for one, am on her side. She doesn’t need to get with a man! Just stay stunning, and she’ll always be number one in my eyes!’——xx: ‘I can’t stop sobbing… My poor Mr. Darcey…’…Will snorted in both anger and disbelief.He pulled up Elisa’s number and called her.It took a while for her to pick up.“What’s up?” She sounded as indifferent as ever.Will closed his eyes. “The entire world is feeling bad for me on Twitter. That’s what’s up.”Elisa was confused.She immediately pulled up Twitter and saw what was written on Will’s profile. She was shocked speechless. Will sighed exasperatedly when she stayed quiet. “I know it isn’t true. But you got to make it up to me somehow. Do you see what they’re writing about me? The least you can do is buy me a meal.”The nerve in her cheek twitched. “I’m busy.”She was as cold as ever toward him.Will sighed helplessly. “Fine. Stay busy, but I’m coming to pick you up tonight.”Elisa frowned. Rejection didn’t seem to work on Will.She immediately hung up.She obviously had little to no care about how he felt.Will squinted at his phone. He had expected her to do that.He hated forcing her, but she’d forget what she needed to do if he didn’t push her.When it was time to go home, Elisa walked out as usual.But…She didn’t expect to see Will’s eye-catching car parked right in front of Wickam Group’s entrance.Elisa grimaced.She had told him not to come, so why was he here?He was there to pick her up as usual. Will leaned against the driver’s door, wearing the familiar blue suit he favored. His tall, broad figure attracted the gaze of many women.Ladies who had just gotten off work were milling about. They were very curious about what was going to happen. They couldn’t help themselves from talking
about the trending news.“I’ve never seen Mr. Darcey in person. I’ve only ever seen him on TV. I finally got to meet him, thanks to Elisa. What a feat!”
###chapter677
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 677
“Sounds like you still have a way ahead of you. I met him ages ago, right outside Benett Corporation.”“Why were you there?” “I went just to see Mr. Darcey in person.”“You’re amazing! Why didn’t I think of that?” The crowd was engrossed with the topic that someone couldn’t help but pipe up when they saw Elisa.“Come look! The main character has arrived! I’m obsessed with this love triangle.”They all turned to look at Elisa. Will had been waiting for Elisa to appear, and when she did, he smiled and approached her.Elisa frowned and changed directions as if she did not see him.But…Even though Wickam Group had a large lobby and plenty of people surrounded her, she stood out. After all, her height, amazing figure, and ethereal beauty prevented her from blending into the crowd.Everyone had their eyes on her.“Elisa.”There was no way Will would let her get away that easily. He called out to her the moment he saw her change directions.Her colleagues’ eyes widened with envy.Where was their Prince Charming…Why, instead of Prince Charming, all they had were frogs? Why!Elisa couldn’t pretend not to hear him in front of so many people. She looked up to the sky and took a deep breath. After she had successfully suppressed the annoyance she was feeling, she turned to him.She wasn’t going to feign niceties. Everyone knew what he was here for. “Why are you here?” She asked him calmly.Will gave her a slow smile. He stepped toward her and leaned down.His lips were right next to her ear…The women watching were so filled with envy they were about to combust!“Aarrgghhh!!! I’m so jealous!! Oh my god! Are there any men out there willing to treat me like that? Just flirting is more than enough! I’ve been single for far too long!!”“Aarrgghhh!! He’s so hot!!!”They could barely hold themselves back from launching at the pair. They spoke in hushed tones, afraid of disturbing the two.They were filled with hatred, envy, and jealousy…Realizing that Elisa was going to duck away, his hand shot out to grab her arm. He murmured into her ear.“About your father…”The heat from his breath tickled Elisa’s earlobe. She froze when she heard what he had said. Her entire body tensed up. She turned to look at him.She had forgotten that she wanted to duck away from him. They were standing so close that it looked like they were hugging from certain angles.Will added, “I have news. I’m not sure how credible the source is, but you should be able to figure it out after I tell you.”Elisa’s heart thumped
louder.This was what she needed to know no matter what!“You’re not lying to me, are you?” Elisa watched his face carefully for any giveaway.Will respectfully took a step back and stood at her side. “You should know that I don’t crack such tasteless jokes.” He chuckled.
###chapter678
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 678
Without another word, Elisa walked straight to Will’s car.Will picked up the pace to keep up with her. The women around couldn’t help but stare at the sweet smile on his face. “I used to think Mr. Darcey only looked hot on screen because of the bright lights and filters but now… Arrghhh!!! He’s so hot, I can’t take it!”“He’s so hot! So hot!!” …While they were staring at him, Will walked to Elisa and opened the door for her. Without acknowledging him, Elisa stepped into the car.Will quickly got into the car, and a few seconds later, they drove off.Someone in the crowd could not stop herself from recording their sweet interactions.They were blatantly flaunting their love in front of everyone.The thing is…Elisa and Will weren’t the ones flaunting their relationship.The people watching were flaunting it for them.Soon after…It was posted on Twitter.However, Gareth knew about it before it had even gone on Twitter!He was surly, to say the least!And when he saw Will approaching Elisa, grabbing her hand, and whispering into her ear!People all along the hallway could feel the chill emanating from him. Anyone who saw him walked in the opposite direction.…Elisa and Will arrived in a private room reserved for them.They ordered their meals.It was just the two of them in the room. They sat across from each other. Will smiled sweetly at her. The warmth in his eyes could make any other woman fall for him instantly. However, Elisa was not one of those women. She stared at him and said, “Now, will you tell me?”Even though she had been bogged down with work recently, she had not forgotten about her father or give up. All this just proved that Norman and his family were really good at hiding things. She was having trouble finding any sort of evidence.All she could do was slowly piece what little evidence she had together.Will, claiming that he had found some information – even if he could not verify the source’s credibility – was a lead.Will chuckled. “I’m not stringing you along on purpose. It’s just that you just seem to be in a bad mood, and I didn’t want to bother you.”Elisa nodded. She could sense his sincerity. While Will wasn’t exactly reliable, it really depended on what issue they were discussing.Elisa didn’t care if Will had another motive behind his actions; she just wanted to know more about what happened to her father.Will sent her a file via WhatsApp.“Have a look.”Elisa immediately downloaded the file and opened it.It took her a few minutes to finish reading the file.“Did you notice the key person in there?”
Will smirked.The document was a recorded conversation between two people.And in it, was a particular person.She had met this person before, and he had even helped her out.Elisa frowned with her lips tightly pressed together. She should have thought of him ages ago!But she did not know that this person was close to her father.Will smiled. “He can be quite eccentric. I’m sure you’ve heard some stories about him.”
###chapter679
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 679
Elisa looked away but nodded. Will chuckled, “I can get you in touch with him. He may be eccentric, but he is someone who values friendships. I am friends with him, but the most I can do is introduce you to him. I can’t force him to do anything more than that.”Elisa shook her head. “I don’t need your help. I’ll look for him on my own. I’ve met him before.” Will raised an eyebrow but didn’t protest. “Just remember one thing. He is different from what the rumors say.”In other words, he wasn’t gay. Brandon Simmons was the issue Anita had Elisa fix when they were in talks for a job.Brandon had set his eye on Anita’s son. Rumors floating around about Brandon being homosexual and maybe even a pedophile. It was a worrisome time for Anita. Unfortunately for her, Brandon wasn’t someone easily handled.She tried talking to him a few times, but it went nowhere.In the end, Elisa was the one who took care of it for her. Anita was extremely grateful for her help.Elisa met Will’s eyes and said, “Thank you for this.”“Helping you uncover the truth is also a step forward in your need for vengeance. Don’t you think you owe me more than a thank you? Maybe something more physical?”She stared at him wordlessly.Will sighed exasperatedly. “I knew you’d reject me.”Will knew what to say to lighten the mood to prevent any awkwardness and how to word things to not sound like he was harassing her.He always put Elisa in a tight spot, but he went about it in a way that she did not find him irritating and didn’t feel any pressure from him. Elisa saved the file and slipped her phone back into her bag.Will leaned back against his chair. His legs were crossed, and so were his arms. He stared deep into Elisa’s eyes, “So, what do you plan on doing next?”“Look for him.”“And after that?”“I’ll decide after finding out the truth.” She had a feeling Brandon knew much more than any of them did. But maybe he had promised her father to not tell her the truth… That was probably why so much was being kept from her.Will nodded. “Be careful when you meet him. Maybe it’ll be better for me to introduce you? That way, I can go with you.”Elisa shook her head. “No.”This was about her father. Elisa suspected that there was more than what met the eye regarding Brandon and her father. It almost felt as if Brandon saw her father as his own. If this were the case, Will would be considered an outsider. They wouldn’t be able to speak freely with him around.Will stayed quiet at her insistence. Soon after, a waitress arrived with their food.Elisa was
equally as quiet. They shared the meal in peaceful silence.However…Meanwhile, somewhere else wasn’t as peaceful. In fact, there might even be a hint of gunpowder in the air.Rachel had just arrived home from work. She stepping out of the elevator and found a snot stain waiting by their door!Rachel’s mood instantly soured. “What are you doing here?” She glared at him warily.Vincent grinned at her. “I’m here to see you, of course. Who else would want a tomboy like you? My mother made me promise to watch over you.”
###chapter680
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 680
He shouldn’t have mentioned his mother. At the mention of her, Rachel froze up like a skittish deer. She glared at him and warned him, “Stay away from me. I don’t need you to watch over me!”She hid her hands behind her as she spoke. He needed her fingerprint to enter her house. She was afraid Vincent would grab her hand, force her to open the door, and take away everything her mother had left her!“Don’t be like that. Who’s going to look after you if not me? Why don’t you open the door and invite me in?” The last thing she wanted was for him to enter her house!Venomous snake!Without a second thought, she pressed the button to call the elevator. When the doors opened, she stepped into it.Vincent said nothing.When she saw that he had not moved, Rachel was suddenly worried that he would find a locksmith. She dragged him into the elevator with her.“Damn! Why are you so savage, woman? No man would want you like this!”“I don’t need you to want me! Worry about your own f*cking self!”Vincent was starting to get pissed off. “You have the mouth of a sailor! Don’t you know what that word means?!”“I don’t give a rat’s a**!” Rachel was not interested in what he had to say at all. She closed the elevator door and pressed the button for the ground floor.Even though Vincent had every intention of taking back his mother’s belongings, he wouldn’t do something drastic like picking her lock.And although Rachel was completely aware of this, she still felt uneasy with him there and hurriedly sent him away.Rachel ignored all proprieties and dragged Vincent by the arm when they reached the ground floor.Instead of struggling and pulling away, he followed and smiled amicably, “You must be head over heels for me, huh? Are you trying to stake your claim by having everyone see us holding hands?”“Get lost! I wouldn’t get with you even if you were the last man on earth!”“Last man on earth?! You know what? The feeling’s mutual!” Vincent ground his teeth in anger. This woman was really something else! Just then, he suddenly heard her stomach rumbling. The words stopped in his mouth, and he immediately dragged her by the wrist to a restaurant nearby.This time, he was directly touching her soft, slender wrist.Vincent was surprised. Why is her skin so soft?He looked down at her wrist. He had never felt this way about another woman before.Her skin was so tender.He tightened his grip again just to feel it.Rachel’s expression was like that of a thundercloud. Not only could Rachel not
pull herself free, but he was molesting her. “You piece of sh*t! Have you lost your mind? You have plenty of women to choose from; why pick on me?! I don’t want you to spread your disease to me!! Let me go!!”Vincent’s heated expression chilled immediately. “What did you say?!”His tone was bitingly cold, and his eyes flashed dangerously. Rachel jumped in fright, but she wasn’t about to back down now. “What? Am I wrong?! You give in to your bodily urges without any sense of control! You sleep around and flirt incessantly! I honestly cannot tell the difference between you and an animal in heat! One in three sexual partners could garner you a sexually transmitted disease! I’m pretty sure you’re a walking encyclopedia for doctors to study!”Vincent was livid!People walking around them could hear what she was saying. Some of them even laughed out loud.Veins started to pulse visibly from Vincent’s temples.Rachel sensed that she had overdone things… Maybe she should have held back…After all, they were in public.She was so angry she had lost control. This man had taken what was precious to her. It was in the heat of the moment.With so many people staring at him, Vincent barked with laughter. He was both angry and in disbelief. He gritted his teeth. “Fine! Since I’m riddled with diseases! I might as well spread a little to you!”Disregarding how she might react, Vincent picked Rachel up.Rachel was outraged.She was tossed over his shoulder. Her head was pointing to the ground, and she started to feel nauseous.More importantly, this man had his hand on her upper thigh! She was a woman, for goodness sake! How could he touch her so inappropriately!!
###chapter681
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 681
“Argh! You piece of sh*t! Let me down!!!”Vincent ground his teeth, “You just don’t know when to stop! I heard your stomach grumbling and was planning on taking you out to dinner from the kindness of my heart. And here you are saying I’m riddled with disease! Fine then, if I’m sick, I’m taking you down with me!” He picked up the pace. No matter how Rachel struggled, she could not break free. She was also afraid that he would drop her. Vincent arrived at his car and tossed her unceremoniously into the backseat.The crowd who had gathered to watch were following them. They stopped somewhere far enough to be inconspicuous but also close enough to see if the car would shake. Rachel eyed him warily. He was fuming, and she trembled in fear. “What… What do you think you’re doing? Vincent, you’ve lost your mind!!!”Vincent gritted his teeth. “Yes, I think I have lost my mind to let a woman talk to me in this manner!”Her eyes widened. She slowly sat up when she saw that he was not moving toward her. She inched toward the car door.Before she could reach the door, Vincent slammed it shut. He quickly got into the driver’s seat, locked the doors, and started the car.Rachel was stumped.She stared at him in fear, “Where are you taking me?!”Her question was met with silence. Vincent continued to drive while ignoring her.He sped down the road. Even though his driving skills could not compare to Elisa, he was still considered an extremely proficient racecar driver! Rachel hurried to fasten her seatbelt. She gripped the seat in front of her tightly and took a deep breath. Suppressing the oncoming panic attack, she tried to get his attention. “Vincent! There’s no hate between us! This is all because we have been fighting over something precious to both of us. We need to talk this out! There’s no way we can settle this by force!!”Rachel was deathly afraid that he would do something to her.But… Just as she was imagining the possibilities of him taking her to his apartment or a hotel… He parked in front of a restaurant?Rachel was confused. She gawked at the restaurant sign and then turned to stare at Vincent. Her confusion was written all over her face.Vincent laughed sardonically when he saw her expression from the rearview mirror. “What? Did you really think I would rape you?”His taunt shook Rachel to her senses. “Vincent!” She said through clenched teeth.“Get out! We’re going to get some food.” Vincent snorted.Rachel’s ears felt hot to the touch. Everything he said just seemed to strike a
nerve within her. Was she supposed to eat just because he told her to?Rachel stepped out of the car without a word. She didn’t even glance at Vincent before walking in the opposite direction.Vincent had taken a couple of steps before realizing that something was wrong. He turned to see Rachel standing at the side of the road waving down a cab. His expression grew stormy.“That d*mned woman!!”He spat out before striding toward her. Before the cab could stop, Vincent grabbed her wrist and dragged her away from the curb. The cab driver swore under his breath and continued driving, not slowing down.Rachel fumed as she watched the cab drive off.
###chapter682
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 682
“You are sick, Vincent!!!”“I know you have the medicine.” Vincent was equally annoyed, but he didn’t want to argue with her on the street, so he forcibly pulled her into the restaurant. Rachel stopped her idiosyncrasy as it was embarrassing to yell in a teeming restaurant.She tried to break off Vincent’s grip but failed. In the end, Rachel had no choice but to follow the sc*mbag. She gnashed her teeth, sat on the chair, and glared at him.Rachel kept quiet, but her face grew hot and pinched with resentment.Even the waiter could feel the tension between them. He scurried away after taking Vincent’s order.Vincent and Rachel were left in the booth.Rachel was exasperated and refused to say a word to Vincent.Meanwhile, Vincent looked cold and seething. He felt the urge to teach this woman a lesson.The atmosphere was choking with rage and abhor.After some time, Vincent said in a low voice, “If you dare to yell at me on the street again, I will plonk you on my shoulder like a sack again.”Rachel was dumbfounded.She glared at the man in front of her, “I’ve told you to never pester me! Do you not understand my meaning?! We have nothing to do with each other! That treasure was a gift to me from my mother. And it’s none of your business!”Vincent rolled his eyes skyward, “She didn’t birth you. I am her rightful son.”Rachel narrowed her eyes to a crinkled slit, “No! You chose to leave her. You and your father doubted her and disowned her. Is that what a family is? Do you think you deserve her forgiveness after what you did to her? You broke her heart. You had no place in her life. She would have passed on the two heirlooms to you if she wanted you back. She had countless valuable possessions that she could give away, but why did she only give them to me but not you? You’re a fool, Vincent Shane!” Vincent fixed his icy stare on her while looking beyond exasperated.Rachel regretted her blunder almost instantaneously. She cowered in fear and didn’t dare to look him in the eyes.This man might look mischievous and like to fool around with women, but he had no grace for those who wronged or upset him.Rachel bobbed her head and bit her tongue.After a while, she heard a cold sneer.“Rachel, as far as I’m concerned, you’re indebted to my mother for her kindness in bringing you up since you were little. Don’t you feel ashamed for robbing her legitimate son’s privilege to assume her heirloom?”Rachel glowered, “It was given to me by my mother! She didn’t give it to you! Do you not
understand semantics?”Vincent scrutinized her with a grave expression, “She gave all her love to you but not me. I am left with nothing from her to behold, even after her demise. Rachel, how can you be so selfish? I don’t need you to repay me gratitude, but the least you can do is to give me what I deserve.”Rachel couldn’t find words to answer him.She didn’t wrong him. But why did she feel guilt- stricken all of a sudden?What a sc*mbag!He is bullying me!Why am I letting him browbeat me? No way, I have to do something!That’s right, I don’t need to slap him in the face to show my dominance to keep him at bay. I just need to do something that puts him off so that he will avoid me like the plague in the future!
###chapter683
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 683
Rachel took a deep breath and turned her back on him.“I won’t give it to you no matter what. I will bring the heirloom with me even if I die. I will cremate the heirloom with me and take it to Mother again. Stop your wishful thinking. You didn’t believe her and drove her out of the house when she was alive. Don’t blame her for being mean to you because you deserve her desertion. For too long, I have seen her weeping alone in the dark. But you? Hah…” Rachel gave him a cold sneer and flayed him with a menacing glance. ‘Bam!’An abrupt and loud sound caught Rachel off guard and flustered her. She furrowed, “Forget about it. Let’s not meet or have dinner with each other again. I do not have the appetite. I’m sure you don’t either.”Rachel was getting flurried with pesky hunger and stomach discomfort, yet she refused to stay and eat with this sc*mbag. She might puke eating with this man!Perhaps her stomach discomfort was rage induced. She was determined to stay away from men! Especially sc*mbags!Vincent gave her a stern look and stood on his feet, “You stay. I’ll go.”After finishing speaking, Vincent promptly strutted out of the restaurant.Rachel didn’t say a word but looked at him furrowed, wondering if it was a gimmick. Eventually, Vincent really did leave her alone.Rachel could only breathe a sigh of relief after he was gone. Then, the waiter served the food, and she chomped down both dishes in one go!After that, upon requesting the check, she was told that Vincent had already paid for the meal. His kind gesture surprised Rachel. After their heated argument, she didn’t think he would pay for her dinner.Maybe he wanted to show that he was the bigger person? Tsk.Whatever his intention was, Rachel couldn’t be bothered. After all, he was wealthy and privileged. She walked out of the restaurant, hailed a taxi, and left.She had no clue that in a near distance, Vincent was watching her from his car until she left in a taxi.Frustrated, he lit a cigarette and puffed out a smoke ring. Then, he browsed through the latest news on his phone.He stumbled upon three tabloid stings that revolved around Gareth.He noticed the tabloids were about Gareth’s woeful love triangle, commiseration for Will, and a scandal about Will and Elisa’s relationship.Vincent’s mood immediately turned from glum to glad.He couldn’t help but gloat at Gareth’s misfortune.Subsequently, he gave Gareth a call.The latter answered the phone almost instantly, “What’s the matter?”“Am I only allowed to
call you when I’m in trouble? Let’s go out for a drink. I need a time out.” Vincent insinuated perhaps Gareth needed a time-out as well.But he knew Gareth wasn’t someone who liked to talk about his feelings.“Let’s meet at our regular hangout spot.”Gareth’s spontaneity ascertained Vincent that he was discombobulated, “Set! I’ll call Jeremy now.”Gareth hung up the phone straight away.Vincent called Jeremy. Before the other party could say anything, he blurted, “Let’s hang out. Our buddy is moody today.”Jeremy was nonplussed by Vincent’s brusque.Vincent was startled, “Are you not on Twitter?”
###chapter684
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 684
“I am.”“Then, how can you still be so chilled? Let’s meet up and get him to tell us more. His misfortune excites me!” Jeremy was stupefied. Eventually, he said, “I’ll go over now.”… Soon, they arrived at their usual hangout spot.As usual, Gareth didn’t talk much.Vincent was always fun and talkative, but today he was reticent and moody. If it was in the past, he wouldn’t hesitate to probe Gareth and get to the bottom of his plight.But today, he was also being peculiar.Obviously, Gareth and Jeremy could sense something was wrong with Vincent. They exchanged a look, and then Jeremy looked at Vincent, “What’s wrong with you today?”Vincent was jolted back to the present. He shrugged, “What could go wrong with me?”Gareth glanced at Vincent, “You called me and said you were upset?”He might appear indifferent, but he genuinely cared for Vincent.Jeremy was flabbergasted, “What happened? Didn’t know there’s anything that could upset you.”But after he finished speaking, something struck a chord in him, “Is it about your mother?”Immediately, Vincent seethed and lamented, “What else if not because of that d*mn woman!”Gareth and Jeremy looked at him, especially Jeremy. He was surprised to see Vincent getting so worked up.“You are being unusual. You used to be upset at that woman, but what’s gotten into you lately? Why do I sense something peculiar?”Vincent gave him a once-over, “What do you mean?”Jeremy smirked and said nothing. Gareth was indifferent. Vincent clenched his teeth and lamented, “That godd*mned woman still refuses to return my mother’s heirloom! She’s been hogging it and thinks she has the right to it. I wish I can just strangle her to death!”“Of course, you can.” Jeremy looked at Vincent, gave him an ambiguous smile, and said, “But can you bear to hurt her?”Vincent widened his eyes in shock and bawled at Jeremy, “What the he*l are you talking about? What do you mean by I can’t bear to hurt her? I would do it if strangling her to death was permissible by law!”“Tsk Tsk.” Jeremy smiled and didn’t argue.Gareth shot a sly, conspiratorial glance at Vincent.He was disquieted by Gareth’s glance and looked back at him and Jeremy, “Why are you guys giving me that look? Is there something on my face? And stop with your wild imagination!”He directed the latter sentence at Jeremy.Jeremy twitched his lips, “Haven’t you noticed the recent changes in your personality and mood? You’ve been getting flustered very frequently.”Vincent was speechless.He
looked at Jeremy disquieted, “I’ve been asking her to return my mother’s heirloom, but she shuns me every time. I’m at my wit’s end, but this d*mn woman just won’t budge! Wouldn’t you get flustered, too, if you were in my situation?”“Then, tell me, who was the woman you forced into a restaurant?” Jeremy said nonchalantly. Gareth stared at Vincent with eyebrows raised, serving him a cryptic look.“You saw us?!”Vincent was caught off guard. Jeremy darted an impish smirk at him, and the latter tried to legitimize his action, “I didn’t mean to tackle her soft spot, but that d*mn woman is so stubborn! I had to come up with a new idea to persuade her. I knew she was hungry, so I thought treating her to a nice dinner might change her mind.”
###chapter685
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 685
“Really?” Jeremy threw shade at Vincent.Vincent was on the brink of losing his temper, “Of course! I paid for her meal before I left the restaurant! My only intention was to make her return the heirloom to me!” Gareth looked at him indifferently, as if he had seen through Vincent’s heart. Still, he refrained from commenting because he knew Vincent wasn’t ready for the hard truth.Jeremy turned to Gareth, “What do you think, Gareth?” “There’s no point in me saying anything since he’s unwilling to face reality.” He said coldly, as if he didn’t want to talk about it.Vincent burst out a cackle and chided, “I refuse to face reality? How about you What’s up with you and Elisa?”Gareth creased his forehead. He was reminded of the tabloid stings, and suddenly the fury within sprang to life.The other two men noticed his mood change. Vincent was delighted to point out, “Don’t be a hypocrite. Look at yourself. You’re attempting to win back your ex-wife, but I’m not. I’m entwined with Rachel over my mother’s heirloom. We are in different scenarios.”Gareth glowered, “I think Elisa is a good wife material.”“Is it really because she is a good wife material? Tsk. Don’t lie to yourself, my friend. Your rationale doesn’t make sense to us. In fact, we think marriage is expendable in your case. If you want a baby to carry on your lineage, you can just find any woman, for that matter. But why do you insist on Elisa?”Gareth uttered coldly, “I’ve said it. I think she’s a good wife material.”“What a lot of crap! Why not Nicole? She’s clearly better than Elisa in all aspects.” Vincent bombarded Gareth without holding back his tongue. Jeremy sat aside quietly with a smile on his face. He was accustomed to Vincent’s artless and explicit mannerisms.Gareth glared at Vincent, “Don’t poke your nose in my business before you settle yours with Rachel. You have feelings for her.”“Cr*p! Bulls*it! How is it possible for me to fall in love with that tomboy?! No man in this world would want her. A handsome and charming man like me has plenty of admirers. How could I possibly have feelings for her?” Vincent snapped back at Gareth. He also didn’t reserve to sabotage Rachel’s reputation.Gareth pressed his lips into a line and ignored him.Meanwhile, Jeremy uttered casually, “Look into your heart. You’re now behaving like the old Gareth.”Vincent was horrified at Jeremy’s words. He defended himself, “How could you say I’m like him?”After he finished speaking, his mind was instinctually inundated with images of Rachel. He even remembered the feeling
of carrying her on his shoulder. She was weightless, as if she were a feather.Thinking of this, Vincent got shocked in introspection. Dam* it! Why did he suddenly think of that woman?!Jeremy carried on, “You fool around with other women and leave them after a brief fling. But you are so invested in understanding Rachel. You never stopped seeing her these past few years; you’ll look for her almost every other day. You’ve never cared for a woman like how you care for her. Who knows, your heart has changed over time and unknowingly fell for her?”Vincent was at a loss for words.He zoned out for a while before he shouted with disgust, “I’ll never spend my life with that tomboy! I have no desire for tomboys!!”
###chapter686
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 686
Jeremy beamed a smile. There was no need for him to say some more since Vincent was in denial.Meanwhile, Gareth was perturbed by Jeremy’s unwitting words. Jeremy’s voice kept playing back in his head, “Look into your heart. You’re now behaving like the old Gareth.” Now, he could perceive the subtle changes in Vincent’s feelings for Rachel. His abhorrence for Rachel gradually converted to love each time he lamented about her. What about me?Am I in love with Elisa? He flustered at his thought. His eyes were filled with repugnance when he recalled the tabloid stings. How could he have feelings for a deceitful woman like her?Both Will and Carle were fooled by her.He would never fall in love with Elisa Benett.Elisa went home after having dinner with Will. Although she wanted to see Brandon immediately, she knew she had to make an appointment with him first. Also, she had to dig up on the past to better equip herself lest Brandon wasn’t forthright with her.But… her phone rang just as she was switching on her computer.At this point, she dreaded receiving calls from Carle, but when she saw that it was Sheena, she was slightly relieved.“Sheen?”“Ellie, you’re on the trending searches again.” Sheena sounded worried.Elisa was startled, “Again?”She went into Twitter as she spoke. She was unnerved after watching a suggestive video of her and Will, “We didn’t have physical contact at all. The person behind the video deliberately filmed us from an ambiguous angle.”“I know… but the tabloids are all over you now, saying you’re a crafty woman playing Will and Gareth for your own gain. I’m worried if Carle reads it…” Elisa pursed her lips, “Carle has read about it and called me, but I didn’t explain anything. I told him I won’t allow any stumbling blocks to hamper my revenge. I won’t hesitate to get rid of any potential setbacks or stumbling blocks before it spoils my plan, including him.”Sheena was dumbfounded, “Oh my god. How could you tell him that?!”“I’m trying to protect him. This is the best I can do to prepare him for what is to come before the truth breaks him. Perhaps… the tabloid stings are a timely wake-up call to show him that I’m a deceitful woman who plays among men. That way, it will be easier for him to move on.”Sheena sighed deeply, “We have known each other since we were little. We have been friends for a long time, Liz. Do you think he will believe you’re the wicked woman you claimed you are? Instead of hating you for driving him away, he would take your dismissal
as a cry for help. His affection for you may spiral. He will then become even more protective of you.”Elisa bit her lower lip and was lost in thought. Her eyes were filled with remorse and gloom.Still holding the phone, Sheena paused before speaking again, “I’ll rush to him after this. Let me go and check up on him.”“Thank you…” Elisa’s voice dwindled in abashment. She couldn’t help but feel bad for the sorrow and inconvenience she had inflicted on her friends who were trying to help her.“Stop dwelling on it. After all, we have no control over our emotions and feelings. Carle still loves you, just like me; I know he loves you a lot, but I still can’t stop pining for him. There’s no explanation for one’s feelings and emotions. Nobody should be blamed. I can only say that Carle and I are not meant to be.”
###chapter687
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 687
Sheena said it in a particularly frustrated manner. It was like she was speaking on Elisa’s behalf, but at the same time, it was about herself.Elisa felt exasperated and didn’t say anything in the end. Sheena smiled. “Alright, that’s all for now. I’ll let you know how Carle is later.”“Alright, thanks for your trouble.” “Don’t mention it.”The two of them didn’t say anything else and hung up.Elisa had a complicated expression. She didn’t know how to deal with it.She picked up her laptop and took a deep breath before she continued her work.Around half an hour later, Sheena arrived at Carle’s house.Holly was very welcoming to Sheena when she saw her. She spoke enthusiastically to Sheena for a while before Sheena went to look for Carle.After all, Carle wasn’t in good condition.Holly had no other way.Topics trended one after another. Carle didn’t dare to call Elisa when he saw the new trending topics.When he became aware of a visitor, he subconsciously thought it would be Elisa coming to explain to him in person.He never thought that when he raised his head in anticipation…The person he saw would be… Sheena.Carle looked away in disappointment. He said calmly, “You’re here.”Sheena’s gaze fell on Carle. He looked thinner, and his complexion was paler than usual. Even his eyes lost their previous tender-heartedness.Of course, Carle had never directed his tenderness to Sheena, but the light in his eyes seemed to have disappeared.Furthermore… he had stubble on his chin, and he looked haggard.Sheena was suddenly filled with distress. There was an unspeakable sadness in her eyes. “Carle, how did you fall into such a state?” Carle smiled, though his heart couldn’t help feeling lonely. He felt that it was good enough that he wasn’t drinking.“Why did you come?” Carle didn’t want to talk about it with Sheena.Sheena’s eyes flashed slightly. She walked to the chair beside Carle and sat down.She looked at him in distress. “How can we not worry when you’re like this?”Carle pursed his lips. He didn’t look at Sheena. “I’m recovering well. You don’t have to worry about me.”If this was the past, Carle would have spoken to Sheena gently, and he would be smiling.But now, Carle had seen the incident online and the video.Elisa was supposed to be his girlfriend, but he couldn’t go out with her in public. He might even become a burden to her, and she might abandon him at any time.When Carle thought about it, there was an indescribable sadness in his heart.“Don’t torture yourself, Carle,” Sheena
said softly, unable to restrain herself.Carle turned and looked at her slowly. He laughed lightly. “How am I torturing myself? I trust Liz.”Sheena was dumbfounded.At that moment, she could see that Carle was trapped in his own lies.Carle looked down as he didn’t want to speak to Sheena anymore, but she was his friend, and he didn’t want to snub her. These conflicting feelings made him feel unspeakable pain.As for Sheena…She knew the truth but couldn’t tell Carle. Instead, she had to look on helplessly as he suffered in his delusion.Carle was in pain, and her heart hurt as well…How could she bear to watch the person she loved in such a situation?At that moment, she held back her tears.But before she could think about anything else, Carle suddenly thought of something, and his gaze fell on her face.Sheena’s heart suddenly trembled.His gaze…
###chapter688
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 688
Why did it suddenly become so frightening?Why did he have to become so serious? Did he notice something or find out the truth? Or does he want to find out something from her?As Sheena was getting nervous, Carle slowly said, “Liz…” When Sheena heard it, her heart suddenly thumped!She held her breath and listened to him, but he suddenly stopped talking.Sheena was dumbstruck.She looked at Carle, perplexed. “Is something wrong?”“No.” Carle looked down and pursed his lips. He didn’t say a word.He was in bad shape. Everyone could tell he wasn’t the bright person he used to be.Sheena couldn’t bear it. She unconsciously walked to Carle’s side and took a deep breath. “Can you get it together? Is love so important?”Carle laughed lightly. “Sheen, you’re not like me. You haven’t liked someone for such a long time and experienced the feeling of losing and gaining… It’s very painful. Maybe you will experience it in the future, but I hope that you can find your happiness.”Sheena’s lashes trembled violently. What does he mean by that? Has he noticed her feelings for him?Is he hinting at her not to be carried away by wishful thinking?At that moment, her heart beat furiously, and there was a voice deep in her heart urging her to tell him.Tell him all about it!Let him find out!Perhaps in his sadness, he would find emotional support.The more she thought about it, the more she was ready.Seeing Carle look down and not wanting to speak, she took a breath in. In a rational yet confused manner, she said, “Carle, I’ve liked someone for a long time. Since we’re friends, do you want to know more about it?”Carle looked up, slightly puzzled. “There’s someone you like?” Sheena stared straight at him and nodded. “Yes.”She only answered him with one word and didn’t say anything else, but she couldn’t help but look at him. She didn’t know if Carle… would notice…Her heart beat loudly, and her expression was slightly frantic. It was as though she hoped that he could see it but also not see anything.This feeling complicated her emotions.After waiting for a while, she heard Carle’s chuckling.“Since there’s someone you like, I’m sure you understand very well what I’m feeling. After all, you have never had a boyfriend. In all likelihood…”He didn’t go on, but what he meant was clear.Sheena smiled bitterly, “Yes…”Of course, she understood it. She understood it better than Carle did.Or perhaps Carle didn’t understand her.She looked down slightly and was suddenly in the mood to
talk.But she had come over today to console Carle. She couldn’t say anything.After a brief pause, she said softly in exasperation, “Carle, I might be able to understand what you’re feeling more than you know.”Carle’s eyes dulled slightly. He looked up at her subconsciously.Sheena covered her heart with her hand and said in a quivering voice, “It hurts a lot. Every time it hurts, it’s as though I can’t breathe, and I can’t stop trembling. Sometimes, I wish I was dead instead. Maybe it won’t hurt so much then, but I can’t bear to do so.”Carle’s expression changed slightly. He didn’t say anything, but he had experienced the feelings Sheena was describing.Sheena couldn’t help but take another breath in. Her eyes were blazing. “Because I want to see him all the time. And I’m worse off than you. Do you know why?”
###chapter689
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 689
Carle pursed his lips and stayed quiet. He couldn’t understand the look in her eyes.Sheena knew things were not going well when she saw Carle’s eyes shift. She couldn’t hold it in anymore. She sighed, “I like someone. I’ve probably liked him even longer than you’ve liked Liz.” “You…?” Carle was stubbed.So many years? She’s liked one guy for so many years? How can I not know? It must be someone we know since it’s been this many years. But how come I never noticed her getting close to another guy? Sheena interrupted his thoughts as she spoke again, “And I’ve watched as he developed feelings for another girl. I probably like him the same amount as he likes that girl. I hid my feelings for him and watched him love in agony. I was in the same agony as well.”Carle’s expression changed. He could see the emotion in Sheena’s eyes, and it was directed at him! All of a sudden, he came to a realization!Could the guy Sheena like…He suddenly did not dare say anything. He was scared that things would get more complicated if he asked about it. He hated feeling like this. But at the same time, he suddenly understood how Elisa must have felt this whole time.Carle suddenly had a guess about the person Sheena was talking about.Liz must have felt a lot of burden from me liking her all these years. Maybe even fear. In the depths of his contemplation, Sheena laughed, “Do you know how hard it was for me? I loved him so much but didn’t want to be selfish. I knew the person he cared about wasn’t me, so I couldn’t tell him my feelings. I could only keep it hidden inside me and suffer by myself. At least, you could express your feelings, but I… I held it in. Carle, do you know how that feels?”Carle could not say anything. He opened his mouth, but no words came out. He did not know what to do. He was in no mood to speak to her, but now, if he did not say anything, Sheena would get even more hurt.Even though Sheena did not specify the man, Carle knew who she was talking about. He should’ve known that Sheena had no other guys around her. It was only him. It was obvious the man she was talking about was him.Sheena sighed quietly, “Carle, sometimes the heavens will play tricks on us. But if two people really loved each other, there wouldn’t be this many problems.”Carle sat in silence.Sheena sat beside him and smiled, “I would often wish that the girl he liked was me and would dream about growing old together. But I also know that feelings cannot be forced. Even though I was
filled with these wishes, I knew it was impossible. So, I decided to let him be happy out of my love for him.”Sheena put a strong emphasis on her last sentence.Carle’s pupils trembled as he thought about what she meant.Does she mean I should let Liz be happy?Sheena lowered her head and stayed quiet for fear of blurting her feelings for him. She had said everything she needed to. There was nothing else she could say.
###chapter690
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 690
Carle frowned as he couldn’t get his head around it.Is Sheen saying all these to get me to give up on Liz? I’ve never… Carle balked at that thought. A memory from three years ago resurfaced in his mind.Three years ago, the three of them had gone on a trip, and Sheena had gotten drunk. She kept holding onto his hand while giggling. She kept whispering to him and focused on him the entire time. He hadn’t thought too much about it then, but thinking back to that day, along with her reactions these few years, he had a clue what she was feeling. He did not know what to say to her. Sheena should know that feelings cannot be controlled. How can I date her when all I think about is Elisa? Sheena must know since she has kept quiet this whole time. Did she say all that to counsel me today?Carle lowered his eyes. He did not know what to say and had no desire to say anything.“Give up, Carle,” Sheena said to him seriously.Carle’s heart jumped.Give up? How can I give up?Although he and Elisa never had any moments with just the two of them, he couldn’t bear to give her up. He felt like he had won the lottery of a lifetime when she agreed to date him. He was elated.“Give up, Carle. If you go on like this, you will only make things harder for you and Liz.”“So… It was because of my accident that Liz…” Carle raised his pale face to look at Sheena. He did not continue his assumption. The situation was as clear as glass, but he couldn’t bring himself to accept it. He deluded himself into thinking Elisa accepted him because of his advances.Sheena exhaled quietly, “Carle, are you still unwilling to accept it?”Carle’s pupils shook. I shouldn’t have woken up from that accident. I wouldn’t have to deal with all this sorrow.All of a sudden, the dam blocking Carle’s emotions broke. His calm eyes were filled with sorrow, disappointment, and bitter acceptance.Fat tears rolled down Sheena’s face. She did not know if they were from the adrenaline of confessing to him or seeing him heartbroken.Carle panicked when he saw her crying. He stood up and quickly brought her some tissues.“Don’t cry, Sheen. I…”Sheena took the tissues from him but did not dare to look at him. She didn’t expect things to turn out like this. She did not want to cry out loud, but she couldn’t keep her sobs in.“Sheen, don’t cry. I’m sorry I made you sad.” Carle tried to console Sheena.They were all friends. Sheena had never stepped out of line in their friendship, but he had blatantly shown affection to Elisa without caring for her feelings. Carle was
recently challenged by the appearance of Gareth Wickam and Will Darcey, but Sheena had been feeling the pain he felt now since ages ago.
###chapter691
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 691
Sheena shook her head as she tried to regain control of her emotions.“No, I don’t blame you.” She sniffed. Today, she finally spoke out about the feelings she had been hiding for ten years. She never imagined that she would confess to him in such a circumstance.Neither of them wanted to break their friendship, but at this point, it was all out in the open. Sheena sniffled and apologized, “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t do this to you.”Carle shook his head hurriedly. “No, It’s my fault. I shouldn’t make you unhappy today.”Sheena shook her head and sighed quietly, “I don’t blame you. It’s just that… Sometimes, I can’t hold back my feelings for you. I know you like Liz, but I can’t hide my feelings for you, and I don’t want to.”Sheena was more firm in her words. She was more blatant in expressing herself this time, as she did not care if their friendship was ruined. Since Carle knew how she felt, there was nothing else holding her back. She knew her confession was lacking, but she still felt relieved after spewing out her feelings.The emotions in Carle’s eyes became more complicated. He opened his mouth a few times, but no words came out.Sheena exhaled quietly, “Carle, I didn’t express my feelings because I didn’t want to put you in a tight spot. It’s the same for Liz; she only treated you as a close friend. Aren’t you worried you would lose a friend if you go on like this?”Carle’s face darkened. Sheena chuckled, slightly irked. “I kept quiet because I feared that would happen. Carle, think about it; if I had chased you like you chased Liz all these years, how would you feel?”Carle could not come up with a response. The feelings within him grew more complicated because he had thought of the scenario. If… Sheena had chased after him as earnestly as he went after Elisa; he would’ve cut all ties with her not to confuse Elisa.Sheena sighed quietly, “People will meet hardships throughout their lives. Carle, I know how you feel and know how much it hurts. But… love comes in all forms. You don’t have to be together to call it love. Letting go is also a part of loving. Everything else is just selfishness.”Sheena took a breath and continued, “After your accident, I told Liz to consider dating you. Although I wanted you for myself, I loved you more than I loved myself. I didn’t want to wrong you or make you sad, so I kept quiet about my feelings. I wanted to make you happy, but… I just couldn’t hide my feelings anymore. Carle, think it through. If this continues, I fear Liz will distance herself more and more. Do you really
want to see that happen?”“I…” Carle could not say anything.Sheena smiled bitterly. She wiped the tears off her face and stood up. “Carle, I’ve said everything I wanted. I will leave you to ponder it. If we were competing for who’s the biggest loser, I’m sure you won’t win. At least your parents love you, and you have a good family background. On the other hand, my parents are still pushing me to go to marriage meetings. Do you know how it feels to go meet other men when I have someone I truly love?”
###chapter692
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 692
Carle was in a stupor.Sheena lifted her lips into a bitter smile. “I won’t bother you anymore. I’ll leave now.” She said and left. “Sheen.” There was a slight change of emotions on Carle’s face.Sheena stopped in her steps but did not turn back. “I’m sorry,” Carle said quietly as he stared at her frail figure. He had been entirely in the dark all these years and had unconsciously hurt her. He never imagined that their childhood friendship would turn out this way.Out of the four of them, Rachel was probably the only one without all these complications. Carle closed his eyes. He was envious of how carefree her life must be.Sheena smiled sadly and said sharply, “If it wasn’t for what happened, I wouldn’t have said all these. You don’t have to feel sorry for me, Carle. I’m fine. However, you should think about your relationship with Liz. Don’t make it hard for her and yourself.”This time, she did not hesitate. She left as soon as she finished talking under Carle’s watchful gaze.The moment the door closed, Carle’s eyes shifted. He seemed to regain his senses. Sheena’s words clouded his mind.What do I do? Must I give up on Liz? But I don’t want to. Not at all. But… From what Sheen said, Liz only agreed to be my girlfriend because she was scared I wouldn’t wake up from my coma. And now, she probably isn’t saying anything to me because she doesn’t want to date me. Or maybe because she didn’t want to cause him to relapse. Carle had given it much thought during these few days. But, whenever he thought about it, he would deny it vehemently and banish those thoughts.Carle leaned against the chair and shut his eyes. He inhaled deeply.…The sky grew dark. Elisa returned home but left again shortly after to go meet someone. She arrived at a bar, unperturbed. She had called Brandon but couldn’t get ahold of him. So, she had no choice but to come to visit him. She walked in to find him seated in the same chair as last time.He sat casually, with one leg crossed over the other. He was holding a cigarette in his right hand, and when he dipped his fingers slightly, ashes would fall into the ashtray beneath. Brandon was a very good-looking man, especially with those mesmerizing onyx eyes. It attracted a lot of people. This bar was full of regulars, and the women that frequented this place knew he wasn’t easy to seduce.Elisa walked over slowly and under the gaze of everyone around. She calmly sat opposite him.Brandon lifted his eyes to look at her. He took a drag of his cigarette and said, “What are you here
for?”The ashes of his cigarette fell into the ashtray.“I can’t tell you out here. How about we go in?” Elisa sized him up.Brandon swept her an indifferent glance, stood up, and walked in. Elisa quickly followed.The people around them were all perplexed.“Wasn’t she the woman from before?!” A red- headed woman exclaimed.
###chapter693
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 693
Many women had tried to approach Brandon but were cut down by his frigid stance. He even cussed some out. So, many women were jealous when they saw Elisa sitting opposite him and chatting amicably. After that, those who liked Brandon could only admire him from a distance. No one thought their relationship would be so good till the point that they even went in together!Jealously ate at the women’s hearts! They started to gossip.“Wasn’t that Elisa Benett? Something must be going on between them!” A blonde lady lit her cigarette, puffed it, and said, “Look at you all. Don’t you know Brandon’s personality by now? What are you guys worried about? You’ve all tasted him. Who knows, maybe your turn will come again?”Another woman nodded and said, “You’re right. At least we might have a chance now that he is seeing girls.”“You’re right.”…At that moment, Elisa and Brandon were in a private room. So, they were not aware of the commotion outside. Even if they knew, they did not care.Brandon swaggered to the couch and sat down while Elisa sat opposite him again. Brandon was about to light another cigarette but stopped when he saw Elisa opposite him. He placed the pack of cigarettes and his lighter on the table with a soft thump.“I don’t mind you smoking,” Elisa said quietly.Brandon ignored her statement and got straight to the point, “What is it you want?” Elisa pursed her lips. She was considering her best cause of action.Brandon was carefree, but when he saw her stressing, he straightened himself up.“Is it something tough?” He asked.“No. But it depends if you’re willing to say it.” Elisa swiftly replied.Brandon squinted at her but said nothing. Elisa was watching his reactions carefully.Brandon was a man with many experiences. He had seen all kinds of things during his life. How was Elisa able to figure anything out from his emotions? She knew it was hard, but she did not give up. She kept her gaze on him.“Go on,” Brandon said calmly.Elisa inhaled and looked him in his eyes, “How did my father die?”Brandon’s reaction did not change. He looked at her indifferently and said, “He is your father. The hospital told you how he died. Why would you ask me, an outsider?”Elisa chewed her lips and replied bitterly, “Considering you and my father’s relationship, I don’t think you can say you are an outsider. I’m sure there are secrets between the two of you.”“Are you sleep-talking?” Brandon scoffed at her with no change in his expression.“How did my father die?” Elisa asked again.
She fixed her gaze on him, not wanting to miss even a silver of change.But Brandon replied with a snicker, “It had nothing to do with me. I don’t mind if you have something to ask of me. But I know nothing and don’t want to be entangled in your family drama.”
###chapter694
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 694
Elisa did not move from her spot on the couch. If it were anyone else, they might’ve left already from Brandon’s words, but Elisa wasn’t anyone else. She was in no rush to say anything. She had her gaze fixed on him minutely.“If you don’t have anything else to say, leave,” Brandon said impatiently. Elisa remained unmoving and said calmly, “I think my father told you not to tell me anything as he feared I’ll seek revenge. I think he did that because he wanted me to live a happy life.”Brandon only raised his brows in silence. Elisa bit her lip and continued, “I understand now. This matter is too deeply entangled with Norman and his family. I need to avenge my family.”“It has nothing to do with me,” Brandon said resolutely. He stood up without looking at Elisa.Elisa stood up and blocked his way.“Forgive my frankness, but I know about you and my father,” Elisa said steadily.Brandon’s eyes suddenly focused on her. Elisa could finally see some sort of reaction on his face.She continued hurriedly, “You treated him as your biological father, and he loved you like his own son. During that time, I was married, and you wanted nothing to do with us. I did not know anything then, but I think I should treat you as family.”There was a shift of expression in his eyes, and his face darkened. Elisa did not say anything important as she did not want to expose Brandon. She knew he kept it in the dark because he had a bad reputation. He did not want to tarnish her father’s name if the cat got out of the bag. He was scared she would repudiate his existence if she found out. So, he did not expose anything. He didn’t mind if they continued to interact in this way. However, Brandon did not know that Elisa was not someone who would ostracize a person or that she knew his bad name was all a lie. He had never harmed anyone. The irritation within him grew as he watched her speak.“I know you had a good relationship with my father and had a tough time when he passed away. You wanted to avenge him, but you listened to his advice and let go of your grudge. You kept the secret for him from me. But… Brandon, what are you actually thinking?” Elisa rattled on.Brandon’s brows drew together tighter, “Let me tell you again, I have nothing to do with this matter. Stop trying to find my motives with your guesses.”Elisa nodded her head in understanding. She wasn’t going to push him any further. He wouldn’t be Brandon Simmons if he gave in so quickly.“Okay. I will definitely avenge my father. I hope you’ll provide me with some evidence
in the future,” Elisa said. She did not try to advise him anymore. She had not come intending to win Brandon over today. She only wanted to let him know her next course of action; he would undoubtedly start paying attention to her now.Then… He would be there to give her a helping hand if things went south. So, she wouldn’t run into more trouble.Brandon watched her leave without glancing back. The annoyance in his eyes only disappeared when he couldn’t see her anymore. But, it was replaced with a complicated emotion.
###chapter695
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 695
Elisa was in no rush to go home after leaving the bar. The wind blew lightly around her, and the breeze was cool to her skin. Suddenly, she didn’t feel like driving anymore. She thought back to the time her father was still alive, and she started to relax. She strolled around the vicinity of the underground car park. She could see the town’s lights and hear the traffic on the streets, along with the beeping sounds of the nearby arcade and music blaring through speakers. The song playing did not stir her heartstrings like the one from before. She did not like the song, so she walked down another street.There was no one on the street, and it was dark. She walked to a place where the street lamp did not shine. It was dark, but Elisa could still see the path in front of her, thanks to the moonlight. Finding such a quiet place to walk in the bustling city was hard. Elisa felt the sadness melt off her face when the wind gently blew on her. This street was long and full of turns. She had been here before; she knew that if she kept going to the end, she’d be able to access the underground car park through a side door. The roads were all connected. She decided to go back once she finished walking this stretch.However, as she kept walking, she realized a group of seven to eight people was standing in front. She stopped and turned around to walk back the way she came. But there was another group of people about ten meters away from her. She couldn’t see how many people they were, but it looked like a big number. Elisa frowned as she knew something was wrong. She was surrounded. Even though she couldn’t see clearly, she could feel their leers. The two groups walked toward her simultaneously. Elisa stood in her spot, unbothered.The two groups reached her fairly quickly. One of the guys draped his jacket on his body and took a drag of his cigarette. He swaggered over to Elisa and grinned at her, “Just own up to your fate. You are just unlucky.”“Did someone hire you? To do what?” Elisa asked indifferently.The man took another smoke and snuffed it out on the ground. He looked at Elisa’s calm yet beautiful face and sneered, “To give you a beating and, at the same time, show you pleasure. I’m sure we will be able to satisfy you with so many of us.”The men around him guffawed, but Elisa’s expression turned as brittle as ice.The man was unaware and continued savagely, “We want to gain something out of this as well. We’ll be kind enough to satisfy you first. Maybe, if you perform well enough, we might lessen our blows.
You don’t want to end up with a swollen face, do you? How about that? Will you listen to our requests?”The man was the head of the group. He had a green afro and thought he was trendy, but it was outlandish to the point of people mistaking him as psychotic.The man took Elisa’s silence as consent and said to her with a smile, “I’m glad you have tact. I don’t want to hurt your pretty face before we even get started. How about coming with us, pretty lady?”He reached out a hand.
###chapter696
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 696
The men burst out into laughter.“Boss, where should we go? Are we going to do it here? There’s no nice scenery or good lighting. We can’t really use our torches, can we?” “Yeah, it’s a bit too risqué. We can’t see clearly and are in the middle of the city. What if she screams too loud? It will be bad if someone chances upon us.”The men were getting too excited. The woman before them was like a mysterious being. She had a pretty face and a glamorous body. She was also Gareth’s ex-wife, but she remained a mystery to people. They would be fools to let go of such an opportunity. They had pinned for this woman for ages but never had the chance to get close to her. But it was different now. Their client had given them a lot of money and promised protection if they harmed this woman. Of course, they would agree. The person who hired them must have a backing. Otherwise, they wouldn’t dare to do this without means of resolution. With that thought, their faces lit up with anticipation and glee. They were thinking about the possibilities of what would happen later. They couldn’t wait to be satisfied. The only problem was that there were many of them and only one woman. It must be nice being the head of the group, as he would probably be the first to have a go. The rest of them would have to wait in line.They let out an audible sigh. They felt the pain of waiting. There was a sudden screech when they were creating scenarios in their minds. They were shocked by the sound and turned to the source. Their boss was bent at the waist and holding on to a part below his waist with two hands. Those near him could see the sweat on his brow. They lifted their eyes to see Elisa slowly pulling her leg bag. She looked regal as though nothing had happened.The men groaned as they could sympathize with the pain. Their boss had reached out to grab the woman, but this crazy woman had kicked his precious jewels!Their boss continued to scream in pain. The agony had reached a climax!“You crazy b*tch!! How dare you kick me! Get her!”“Why can’t you all just live peacefully? Why must you do underhanded things like this? I will not let any of you go.” Elisa said frostily as she stared them dead in the eyes.The boss was still hurting from Elisa’s ferocious kick. He couldn’t bear the pain anymore and turned to someone beside him.“Take… Take me to the hospital, now!” He told him hurriedly.Someone hurried to help him, but Elisa’s cold voice stopped him in his tracks.“Why would someone rotten need to go to the
hospital? Rot so that you’ll never hurt another woman.”“You shrew cow! Do you wish to die?!” One of the henchmen shouted angrily in defense of his boss. He reached his hand to grab onto Elisa’s hair, but Elisa grabbed his wrist before he could even touch her.‘Crack!’The henchman shouted in pain! Elisa had snapped his wrist!!
###chapter697
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 697
The henchman continued to cry in pain, and the people around were shocked into a stupor by Elisa’s actions.How is Elisa Benett so strong?! “F*ck! There’s more to this b*tch than what meets the eye! Get her!!!”A group rushed forward to attack her, but Elisa did not bother with the small fries. She ran to the two men holding the boss up and thrust one of them away with a solid kick to the waist! She turned to the man on the right in a flash. The man panicked and was about to abandon his boss and run away, but Elisa was faster than him. He, too, was kicked away!“Ah!”Cries of pain filled the air.After the two fell, others came to support their boss but were all beaten by Elisa. They could only watch as their boss fell to the ground.“Boss!!”The boss couldn’t stand upright. Elisa gave his jewels another kick, and he collapsed to the ground. He had no more strength to hold himself up.“Ahhh!! Get her! Kill her!!” The boss’ green afro looked like it was about to combust.His henchman rushed forward.They were all experienced fighters. They were not going to take pity on Elisa just because she was female. That was the flaw in their plan. Elisa moved too fast; they couldn’t see where she was. In only a few minutes, the men surrounding her were on the ground, and Elisa was standing in the middle of them in her high heels. The men were dumbstruck! No one expected Elisa Benett to be so strong.Their client had told them to bring a few more men to ruin her. They had not been told that Elisa was well-versed in fighting. They were not prepared to fight her.She must be a martial arts expert!!The people around looked at her in shock.Elisa’s high heels clicked as she sauntered toward the boss.He was about to raise himself but stopped when he saw Elisa walking over. There was a light sheen of sweat on his face. He knew that she would beat him down again if he got up.The clicking of her heels against the pavement sounded like the ticking of a doom clock.The group of men watched in worried anticipation of her next move. Especially their boss.The head of the group trembled in fear of being made an invalid by the woman walking toward him.“You…! What are you going to do? This is a lawful society!!” He blurted out in panic.“A lawful society? You’re talking about a lawful society?” Elisa sneered at him.The boss shut up while his men looked at him, appalled. How could he say that? Is he trying to make the situation better?
Elisa walked over very slowly. Whenever one of them got up, she would knock them back down. The men no longer dared to get up.This woman was crazy. She left them no room for escape.
###chapter698
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 698
They decided staying on the ground would do them more good than harm. Those that had been knocked down several times unconsciously turned their gazes toward those that did not retaliate. They suddenly understood what it meant to win quietly.“What are you going to do?” The boss’ voice grew more panicked as Elisa got closer. None of his henchmen came to help him as they did not want to suffer again under her fist.“Look at all these men who do your bidding day-in-day-out. Yet now they look on as you suffer.” Elisa sneered. The boss was rendered speechless. He was angry and anxious! Not only were his jewels damaged, but he also had scratches on his face! He was sure he was bleeding in some places! He had no will to fight. If it weren’t for the fear keeping him awake, he would have lost consciousness ages ago.Elisa saw his hand below him, in a position to push his body up, and stepped on it.The man let out a shriek as indescribable pain shot through his arm! Although it was dark, the men around them could clearly see her step on his hand with her sharp heel! The woman may look light, but at minimum, she was probably forty to fifty kilograms!They were sure she had broken their boss’ hand when she stepped down with such force!Elisa’s expression remained unbothered. She pushed more force into her foot as she watched the struggling man on the ground.“Does it hurt?” Was she blind? Does it not look like it hurts?! This b*tch!!!The man swore in silence. He did not dare to speak his mind.He cowered and pleaded, “Ms. Benett! We were blind and couldn’t see how benevolent you were! Please give us one more chance! We won’t do it again!”At that moment, one of the fallen men saw someone walking over. He stood up and cried, “Police! Help us! We were attacked!”Two men ran toward them with their torches when they heard the shouts.“Nobody move!” One of them ordered.Elisa heeded their words and kept her foot on the boss, Tom’s hand.F*ck! She’s driving me crazy! Tom swore inwardly.Elisa’s lips twitched. Someone must have called the police. Otherwise, they wouldn’t have appeared. How dare these men call the police? I can’t believe they will rely on the police to solve their mess.Elisa scoffed. She pressed down harder on his hand as she went through that thinking process.His screech became even more high-pitched. The police turned their gaze to the sound and shone their torches toward them. They saw Elisa stepping on his hand and froze quizzically. They did
not shine the light directly into her face.“Ms. Benett?” The police asked when he saw who it was.“Hi, officer.” Elisa greeted him with a nod.The animosity he had toward Elisa changed to curiosity. Elisa was a lawyer, so they knew there must be a reason for the situation.
###chapter699
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 699
After a moment of hesitation, an officer spoke up softly. “Ms. Benett, what are you doing here? And this situation…” 
He trailed off, staring at Elisa’s feet. 
Tom wailed, “Officer! This woman attacked us! You must handle this situation fairly!” 
The officer studied the scars on his face and the green hair on his head. He looked around at the other men, crawling up from the ground. All of them looked like thugs. His expression turned into confusion. 
Elisa paid no attention to the situation and turned to the officer. “Was there a police report? Or were you just patrolling in this area?” 
“Someone made a police report.” 
Elisa smiled. “I have a voice recording of the situation.” 
The thugs were dumbfounded! 
On the other hand, the officers weren’t surprised. Elisa was a lawyer. It was unsurprising to see Elisa using self-defense laws in her favor. 
She pulled out a voice recorder. 
One of the officers was worried. “Let’s go back to the station to talk things through.” 
He gave her a look. There were too many of them here. It would be challenging to bring all of them along, and some might try to escape. 
Elisa didn’t say much and nodded cooperatively. “Sure.”
Naturally, she would fully cooperate with the police. 
Standing behind them, Officer Jennings said, “I think there’s no need to. Look, they’re all on the ground. I doubt any of them have the strength left to fight.” 
Officer Larson was silent. 
But he recalled that when they arrived, all of them were on the ground. 
Elisa was the only one standing, stepping on the leader’s hand. 
He coughed lightly and said softly, “We still need to bring them in for the records.” 
“Not a problem for me.” Elisa was composed. 
She noticed some of them trying to escape and shot them a look. “Are you not scared of getting hurt?” 
The man had taken a step forward but froze in place with her words. Another one took off. Elisa scoffed and picked up an from the ground. She hurled it, and the man fell to the ground, howling! 
Some of them hadn’t given up and tried to run. Elisa said in a cold voice. “You won’t mind if I break your legs if you try to run, right?” 
She stepped toward them in her heels. 
The officers were speechless. 
Were they mistaken? It felt like they were there to help Elisa solve a case. 
The thugs were flabbergasted. 
How can she run with such ease when wearing high heels?
No! They were the ones who were unable to run despite wearing regular shoes. In fact, the entire group of men was defeated by a woman, not to mention that she was wearing stilettos the whole time! 
It was an insult to them! 
No, it was more that she was invincible! 
A man tried to make a run for it. Elisa showed no mercy and dislocated his arm right in front of the officers. 
“ARGGGHHH!” 
The ear-piercing scream was like a slaughtered animal’s cry. 
Elisa proceeded to pop the arm back into its joint. 
With another wave of pain, the man seemed to have wet his pants. 
No one else dared try to escape. 
The officers looked on in a daze. 
When Elisa’s eyes landed on them, she said apologetically, “Excuse me. I was worried that these criminals would run away.”
###chapter700
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 700
The two officers were speechless. They nodded without a word and led the thugs into the vehicle.The rumbling of the patrol vehicle caught the attention of passersby. Plus, with the number of people being led into the car and the eye-catching woman in the midst, many took photos of the scene.The situation was trending on the Internet within a few minutes. Countless celebrities were ticked off as the news they bought, hoping it would bring the spotlight on them, was ignored and didn’t make it into the trending searches.Elisa’s name ended up being the most searched topic. Even the news of Will and Gareth that had just died down was trending again because of her.Safe to say, Twitter was buzzing.Netizens were gleefully gossiping about the situation.—xx: ‘Did you see?! Elisa Benett was taken away by the police! I wonder who would appear first, Mr. Wickam or Mr. Darcey? Who would be the prince charming to save the damsel in distress?’—xxx: ‘Of course, it will be my Mr. Darcey!!! He’s practically perfect, AND he’s single. Although there were a lot of rumors about him, there’s none now! He definitely deserves her since he’s serious about pursuing her!’—xxx: ‘Now that you say it… I think Mr. Wickam has been pretty quiet recently. Even though there were some issues with Linda Benett, they fell out and have nothing to do with each other now.’ —xxx: ‘That’s not true. Even if Linda Benett is not in the picture, there’s still Nicole Tabor. Her family’s even more well-off than Elisa’s. Rose Meek even leaked a recording of Old Mr. Wickam saying that the two are getting engaged. The Tabor family didn’t deny it either. Haven’t you heard that when a woman pursues a man, her chance of succeeding is far greater than when a man pursues a woman? Who knows, Mr. Wickam might fall for her. I still think Mr. Darcey is more reliable. Elisa should choose him. She shouldn’t even look at any other man.’—xx: ‘But I heard that Semoa Group’s young master likes Elisa too. I think they were childhood sweethearts. OMG, how incredible is my goddess! There are so many men after her! I’m so excited, ahhhhhh!’—xx: ‘Y’all? Aren’t you going off-topic? The news is that Elisa was taken in by the police, but you’re talking about who she should be with?’—xxx: ‘Someone will help her out sooner or later. Besides, my goddess is not necessarily the one that’s at fault. There’s nothing to worry about. Didn’t you see all those people behind her? They look like a bunch of hoodlums.’—xx: ‘They are! I’ve met
them before! They have someone backing them up and always act without care. They even tried to molest me once. Thankfully, I ran away before they could! Or else!’—xx: ‘Jesus Christ!! Then Elisa…!!!’—xxx: ‘I don’t think anything happened. Her clothes were neat, and she was still as elegant as ever (AHHH! All hail my goddess! I can’t help but worship her beauty!! If only she’s in show business!) *cough* Anyway, didn’t you notice the thugs limping? Someone must have taught them a lesson.’
###chapter701
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 701
Many people commented. Some were worried, some were gossiping, some watched, while some taunted.Coincidentally, Gareth was browsing through Twitter with his phone. He did not expect to learn about Elisa’s abduction. As soon as he read the news, his face darkened. He called Thomas straight away. Immediately after his call connected, he ordered, “Go and find out about what happened to Elisa.”Thomas was shocked to hear the news as well. He replied, “Right away.” Then, Gareth walked out and called his other assistant. He told him to find Will something to do.After a moment of hesitation, he added, Carle too.His assistant was a little puzzled, but he dared not comment much about his boss’ orders.They were too occupied with work, so they did not know what had happened.They were surprised that their president was the first to know about this.But of course… They had no time to discuss the matter now.Everyone was in a hurry to go to the police station.The topic was still being widely discussed online.More and more people were becoming aware of this matter.Linda was one of them!Her face turned extremely ugly. She gritted her teeth and snarled, “Witch! Witch! Why is she not totally ruined yet?”Rose was looking at the hot search page too. But when she realized Linda’s reaction, “Why are you so ticked off?”“How can I stay calm watching Elisa living her life so well? I’m almost dying from anger!” Linda gripped her phone tightly as she stared at Elisa on her phone screen. She wished she could cut Elisa into pieces! But she couldn’t. She could only watch this happen!She felt even more crushed when she saw the comments online.“Why? Why does everyone listen to her? What magic does she have? She is just a widow!” Linda trembled so hard in anger that she almost broke the phone in her hand. “I’m not settled! I’m not settled!”The look on Rose’s face turned ugly instantly. “Has this got something to do with you?”She did not accompany Linda at all hours because Linda seemed emotionally stable. She was not mentally ill either. She was fit to go out and do things occasionally.But now… When she saw her daughter getting irate over this matter, she suspected her daughter was guilty!Linda’s stare was fixed on her phone. She did not say anything nor look at Rose.Rose was more convinced now that Linda was related to this incident.She stomped toward Linda and snatched Linda’s phone away.“Do you know what is happening now? How could you do something like that?!”Linda
sneered at once, “I’m not settled! Why is this witch still thriving? Why!”“You cannot go back now because you are still on the list of suspects. But look at what you’ve done! You’ve hurt Elisa once more! Do you even know what you’re doing?”Linda held her phone tightly and roared, “I’ve said I’m not settled! I don’t want to see this witch thriving so well! Moreover, am I not fine? I have got nothing to do with this incident!”Rose froze. She glanced at Linda suspiciously, “You did not do it?”
###chapter702
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 702
Linda frowned hard in silence.Rose’s instincts told her that something was off. “Are you lying?” “I said I didn’t do it. It was not me. But I am aware of the matter.”Rose was even more puzzled. “What are you talking about? Can you explain it to me clearly? Are you trying to make me die from anxiety?” Linda pursed her lips. She seemed unwilling to reveal what was going on.Rose knew her daughter well. So she lowered her voice and said, “I’m your mother. Do you plan to hide from me? Did you meet someone or happen to land into any trouble? You have to tell me everything. What if this is all a trap set by Elisa?”Linda’s eyes flickered. After a moment of hesitation, she finally told Rose everything.… Rose had something else to do, so she left early.Linda was alone in her room. She was browsing through Twitter that day and found posts about Elisa. She was furious to see Elisa doing so well when she, on the other hand, was in the dumps. She was highly infuriated!Just then, her phone rang. It was an unknown number.She did not want to answer it.So she rejected the call.She did not feel like answering a stranger’s call. Moreover, she was not well. People would understand if she did not take any calls.But… Her phone rang once more.It was the same number. Linda frowned and rejected it again. She was slightly irritated now.But… This was the third time this number was calling her. It seemed urgent.Although she was depressed, she could still answer calls, so she picked it up. “Who are you?” Linda’s tone was unfriendly. She looked hostile too. She had always ignored strangers, but since this person had called her thrice, Linda thought it must be important.“You hate Elisa Benett, don’t you?” A childish voice sounded from the other end of the phone. It sounded like it was from a voice changer.Linda frowned hard. She did not expect this. But before she could say anything, the voice continued, “I know you do not trust me, but I hope you’ll listen to me.”Linda frowned even harder. She replied immediately. “I do not want to listen to anything you say. I’m not in the right state now. Please stop calling me.”How was she supposed to trust someone who would not call her using their own voice? Furthermore, she knew nothing about this person.Besides, this person must have come to her to use her. But she was ruined now. There was nothing she could do for them.But she was puzzled. Did Elisa still have other enemies?Could it be…Nicole Tabor?Linda frowned hard. Did Nicole plan to use
her to hurt Elisa?However, before she managed to end the call, the voice spoke again, “Forgive me for being straight, but I know everything about your family. I know how you killed Elisa’s father, took away Benett Corporation, made Elisa divorce, and everything you did to her recently. I know everything. Oh, and you are not sick at all. I have evidence. Do you believe me?”Linda’s heart skipped a beat. Her face turned extremely ugly as she responded, “I’m not sick! I’m confined here and cannot escape. I’m already in a bad mood. Why are you still doing this to me? Moreover, what happened in the past has nothing to do with us. Please stop framing us!”
###chapter703
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 703
The way Linda pretended to be insane was like this—she told everyone that she wasn’t sick and had to leave the place. She made herself seem completely normal, but her actions spoke otherwise. So, no one thought she was in her right mind. Only then was she able to get off scot-free from her crimes.“I can get you out of the mental hospital if you listen to me. I can help you solve your problems too and tamper the evidence. Then, you can get out of the mental hospital.” The voice stopped for a moment, then added, “My only purpose is to ruin Elisa completely. I believe we both carry the same goal.” Linda froze. She could barely believe her ears.She no longer wished to hang up. She frowned hard quietly. Her face had turned dark and ugly.She was worried that this might be a trap. But she could not resist this good deal.She just held her phone quietly.She had many questions, but she dared not voice them out. She was afraid she might fall into the person’s trap if she asked. Everything would be different if it were Elisa speaking to her now.She took a tiny breath to relieve her tensed self.Immediately afterward, the voice continued, “I know you don’t trust me. I will soon plan some misfortunes for Elisa to prove my credibility to you.”Linda was startled. “What do you plan to do.”“What about being defiled by a group of people?”A sparkle of excitement flashed in Linda’s eyes!Will that be possible?Although Elisa was married before, she only loved Gareth. So, Gareth naturally still had feelings for her. But what if many people defiled her? Gareth would surely shun her!The more Linda thought about it, the more excited she felt.The person continued, “I can only do simple things like this. The only person who can ruin her is you. You will need to act in the future because I cannot reveal myself. I can only plan for you and give you orders. I will protect you after getting you out of that place. But you will have to obey my orders.”Linda frowned and remained silent.She was afraid that this call would be recorded.Not saying anything meant she agreed with the terms.The person knew what her silence meant. So she continued, “I will create two incidents to prove to you. This is the first condition. I’m impatient and do not wish to spend too much time on your insecurities. After the second incident, the deal will be off if you still cannot follow my orders.”Linda pursed her lips quietly. The person continued, “You should pay attention to the news these days.”Then, the call ended before Linda could say anything.Linda looked at her
phone in shock.…Linda could not help but analyze, “I don’t know who that person is, the grudges they have against Elisa, or the reason the person cannot reveal themselves.”Rose frowned. “So this person is the mastermind behind this incident.”“Yes.” Linda’s face was filled with hatred. “But I never expected Elisa to escape this time! I’m so angry! Mother, why can she live such a happy life? Why? Why?”Just as Linda finished speaking, her phone rang.
###chapter704
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 704
Linda and Rose glanced at the phone simultaneously. They knew that this call might be from that person.Linda looked at her phone again and realized it was a virtual network call. There was no phone number. Linda hesitated for a moment before accepting the call. But she did not make a sound upon answering the call.The childish voice sounded almost immediately. “Have you seen the posts on Twitter?”Linda’s pupils moved slightly, and she paused for a moment before answering, “Yes.”Her reply was curt because she did not fully trust that person yet. If not, she would have asked how Elisa got away safe and sound even though many people were hired to defile her. She was unsettled!Before Linda could say anything, the voice explained.“She is skilled. I didn’t expect that.” The voice sounded calm, as if this failure did not affect them.Linda was surprised. “Skilled?”She grew up with Elisa. Why didn’t she know that Elisa was skilled?“Didn’t you know?” The voice sounded surprised. They had planned to ask Linda why she hadn’t informed them of it.“I didn’t know. That is impossible.” Linda was speechless.Rose sat beside Linda to listen to their conversation.The voice continued, “Those hooligans were beaten up quite badly. They have been gangsters for many years and are skilled. However, none of them were able to fight her. Eventually, the gangsters could no longer take it and called the police.”Linda and Rose were speechless.What a bunch of garbage!Linda did not know what else to say. She had many questions, but she did not trust this person! The voice sneered, “I know you must be wondering what I would do next.”Linda was shocked the voice knew her thoughts so well.They were soulmates indeed!It would be perfect if she could rely on this person!The voice spoke calmly, “I will continue to come up with plans against Elisa. I will not be so lenient since I now know she is skilled. You can take this opportunity and study what is happening these days. Remember, Linda. This is your last chance to work with me.”Linda pursed her lips and kept silent.The call ended.Linda put down her phone. The look on her face was complicated. She raised her eyes and looked at Rose.“You heard it too. What do you think?”Rose looked solemn as she frowned, “I fear that she is someone sent by Elisa. She could even be Elisa herself. What if this is a trap? Then you would be sent to jail if you promised to work with her.”Linda’s face turned ugly. “I’m worried about that too. But success doesn’t come with zero
sacrifices!”Rose did not say anything. The look on her face was solemn.Linda continued, “I’m trapped here, and none of you can get me out of this place. But that person can and will if I agree to work with them! Do you know how important this is to me? I can change my way of communicating with the person next time. I can use a voice changer as well.”Rose frowned hard. “Didn’t the voice say that it would try one more time? Let’s wait and see.”“I don’t even know if it is a man or a woman. I hate this feeling.” Linda held her phone tightly. The look on her face was gruesome.She thought for a while, then glanced at Rose. “Mother, do you think that it could be Nicole Tabor?”
###chapter705
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 705
Rose hummed lightly before answering, “That is most unlikely. Nicole is way superior to Elisa in all aspects. Her values and beliefs will not allow her to do something like this. Moreover, the voice was focused on Elisa. It seems more like something a love rival would do. But something still doesn’t feel right.”“What’s not right?” Rose frowned hard. She seemed to be deep in thought. She was not in a hurry to speak.Linda could see that there were some thoughts in Rose’s mind. She said, “What is it, Mother? Hurry, tell me.” Rose hesitated before saying, “I remember Elisa’s mother has a huge family.”They were overseas during Elisa’s wedding, so they had only heard about her marriage. But when she saw how glamorous Elisa’s mother looked at her wedding, she was envious.Linda was a little surprised, “What about them?”The three of them had moved in when Linda was still very young. Linda had never seen Elisa’s mother.She had never cared about what happened to Elisa’s mother. Sometimes, she would hear her parents talk about it, but she had never really listened as it was unrelated to her.But something must be wrong since her mother had brought this topic up.Rose paused for a while, then said, “I’m not certain what happened then. It’s just my guess. Forget it. Let’s wait and see what that person will do, then decide.” The look on Linda’s face turned ugly. “Can’t you just tell me about it?”“How can I tell you about it if I don’t know what happened? Let’s wait and see. If that person holds any grudges against Elisa and can help us, we can work with them. You have the same purpose anyway. We just have to be careful and not fall into their trap.”Linda frowned hard. “To make it simple, I’m just worried that by that time…”She was afraid of any possibilities that would harm her. She had always been bold, and everything went according to her will, including her almost marrying Gareth. But now…How did my life fall into ruins so suddenly?Yes, it’s because of Elisa!All of this happened because of Elisa!This witch!I must teach Elisa a lesson!I must ruin Elisa no matter what!The look in her eyes grew more determined as she thought of this. But before she could speak, Rose spoke solemnly. “Do not think so much first. Didn’t the person tell us to wait? Let’s just wait and see what he would do and what they expect from us. We can discuss with them then.”Linda did not answer Rose. She sat on her bed and continued thinking about it.Rose glanced at Linda and continued, “Moreover, we have
underestimated Elisa. We thought she trusted us, but we didn’t even know that she was Iris or that she was skilled in martial arts. These skills are not something you can attain overnight. She must have learned it for a long time, yet neither her father nor she told us about it. She obviously had her guard up against us!”
###chapter706
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 706
Linda gasped in shock. “What the heck!”Witch! ……At the police station. Everyone had arrived.The hooligans felt pain all over their bodies. Some of them, including Tom, could barely walk at all.He could only walk with the help of two subordinates. His whole body was in pain, and he felt like he was about to die.He initially wanted to tell the police to send him to the hospital first, but after his eyes caught Elisa’s cold gaze, he dared not speak a word……After everyone had entered the room, Elisa played the recording she had taken earlier.Everyone panicked when they heard the recording replaying the event that took place.Meanwhile, the police’s faces gradually turned grimmer with understanding.When the recording finished playing, Elisa said gently, “Mr. Policemen, I think these men are recidivists. I don’t know how many people they have hurt or how many crimes they have committed. They even have accomplices; I hear that they have superiors on top too. Should we find out who these people are?”She had browsed through her Twitter when they were on their way to the police station.“Reducing crimes is our duty. We will report this to our superiors.”Elisa nodded and calmly responded, “These people had bad intentions toward me today. They wanted to beat me up and hurt me. I was hitting back in self-defense, wasn’t I?”The two policemen looked at the hooligans, who could barely get up, and replied immediately, “Yes, it’s self-defense.”The hooligans were stunned by the police’s acceptance of Elisa’s excuse.Are the two of you blind? Their leader might have a permanent penile fracture. With such an injury sustained, was that still considered self-defense?This was clearly an intentional tort!But… Who would dare utter a single word?Who dared to do so?“Ms. Benett, we still need to record your statement according to standard procedures.”Elisa consented, “Right.”So she cooperated with the police and made her statement. But before she could complete all the necessary procedures, a significant person came.He walked straight towards Elisa. When he finally reached Elisa, he had already learned about the situation from his employee and felt less anxious.When he saw Elisa, safe and unhurt, sitting in front of the policemen, he felt a wave of relief flood through his body.Elisa turned around and saw Gareth in front of her. Her eyes flashed with surprise, and she asked curiously, “Why are you here?”Gareth glanced at her resentfully as he muttered, “Do you think I’d care if it wasn’t for
Grandma?”Elisa stood on the spot, speechless.The police officers glanced at Gareth and Elisa. Their relationship felt weird to outsiders. It was as if the two had a strange magnetic field that stopped people from interrupting their conversation.Gareth did not look at anyone else except for Elisa.When Elisa was done with all the procedures, Gareth glared with hostile eyes at the hooligans squatting on the ground.At that instance!The hooligans’ bodies shook in fear!Why was Gareth protecting Elisa?Weren’t they divorced? Wasn’t Gareth rumored to have many other women?It was merely a swift glance from Gareth. But it was enough to make those hooligans feel threatened.They felt cold sweat running down their backs.We are done.Done……!
###chapter707
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 707
The two of them should no longer have any connection with one another!They did not believe the posts they saw on Twitter! Moreover, when they voiced their concerns to their hirer, they were assured that Gareth had ceased contact with Elisa already.But now! It seemed like they were made fools of!Nobody dared make a sound. The hearts thumped faster in their ears.What should we do? What should we do? Before they could act, Gareth spoke solemnly, his tone unchanging.“The town will not have peace if these hooligans do not get their lesson. Don’t hesitate to ask for help if you need any.”The policemen were stunned but returned to their senses immediately and replied, “Sure, sure! Thank you so much!”Gareth nodded lightly.Elisa smiled and added, “Well, you can ask me for help, too, if you need me.”Elisa was not someone they could ignore too!These two people had given them a big surprise today!The hooligans were at a complete loss for words!If the Wickam Group interfered in this matter, their leader would surely give up on them, as the Wickam Group was too powerful for them to challenge!Everyone instantly understood that those two were entirely on a separate plane of existence where no ordinary human roamed.In the meantime, not a single word was exchanged between Gareth and Elisa as they walked out of the station together.Elisa had come to the station in the police car today. She turned to face Gareth and said, “Thank you so much.”No matter the reason, it doesn’t change the fact that he came today. Although his visit did not help much, he was still her current employer, and it meant something to her to see that he had made an effort for her.Gareth gave her a cold, hard gaze as he growled, “Why did you go to the alley?”“I was just walking around.” She had wanted to take some fresh air. She had missed her father after talking about him during her meeting with Brandon Simmons.But… she could no longer see her father.Gareth did not know anything about this. He sneered coldly, “Were you so bored that you had to walk in the alley at night? Didn’t Will accompany you?”If not, she still had Carle.But Gareth did not voice out his thoughts about Carle.Elisa frowned slightly and saw the stern look on Gareth’s face. However, she did not feel like explaining herself to Gareth, so she merely replied, “I’m going to flag a cab. Goodbye.”She walked towards the road and took out her phone to call a cab after speaking.Gareth’s eyes tightened as he saw her figure
leaving.He had come all the way here for her. But he only got a ‘thank you’ from her. Now, she was even treating him weirdly. Who gave her the guts to do so?Gareth walked towards Elisa angrily and grabbed her by her wrist.Elisa scowled hard instantly. She turned around and looked at him, her tone lacquered with annoyance as she demanded, “What are you doing?”Gareth was shocked by his actions too. What was he doing?But he immediately regained his senses. He was upset by Elisa’s disrespectful attitude toward him!He dragged Elisa into his car without explaining.Elisa tried to wriggle free from his grasp, but her strength was no competition.Elisa could not hurt him too, so she could only let him drag her.Gareth thought of how badly Elisa beat those hooligans up just now.Yet despite her obvious strength, she did not lift a finger against him. The look on his face relaxed for a bit.He loosened his grip too.But it was still firm enough to stop Elisa from escaping. He dragged her to the co-drivers seat.Elisa sat in the car seat. The look on her face was gruesome. She could have escaped when he headed to the driver’s seat, but he would still drag her back, so she conceded to his demands.
###chapter708
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 708
Elisa watched the man walk to the driver’s seat with a sullen face. Elisa frowned as he ignited the engine and started driving.Gareth drove quietly without betraying even a hint of sound. Elisa pursed her lips tightly and announced, “My car is still there. You can drop me at that intersection.”The intersection was on Gareth’s way back. Of course, it was near the alley too.Gareth did not respond and continued to drive.However… as he went on, Elisa suddenly realized that Gareth was using a different route.She immediately turned to look at him. “Where are you going?”Gareth ignored her and drove on with an indifferent look on his face. He did not even bother to sneak a glance at Elisa.As he went on, Elisa realized where he was headed.She pursed her lips quietly.This matter caused an uproar on Twitter. Grandma must have known, so she would best show up and let Grandma know that she was okay.After all, Grandma was the only senior in their family who cared about her the most.Elisa sighed. She did not intend to ask any more questions.Soon, they arrived at the Wickam Manor.Gareth took off his seatbelt right after he stopped his car. He still refused to look at Elisa.He was clearly still internally fuming about the matter on Twitter.Elisa, however, felt detached from the incident. She did not want to guess the reason for his bad mood.It did not concern her at all. Moreover, he was a temperamental person. She was done catering to his mood swings.Elisa got out of the car quietly, as usual.The door of the manor opened before she even walked in. Old Madam Wickam stood anxiously by the door and said, “Hurry! Come over and let me take a look at you! Were you terrified, Elisa?” Julia’s kind voice and worried complexion made Elisa feel touched.She quickly answered, “Grandma, I’m fine. The police arrived on time.”A sarcastic look flashed across Gareth’s eyes as he went to the sofa to sit.Julia grabbed Elisa’s hand tightly and started to inspect her body for any injuries.“Did those hooligans bully you? Elisa, you must be extra cautious in the future! Grandma will feel worried if you have no one by your side.”She sounded terribly worried.Elisa smiled and shook her head. “Grandma, I really am fine.”“How could you be fine after such a huge incident today? Those bastards!” Julia turned to Gareth and asked, “Did you tell the police that we will not let this go?”Elisa’s eyes flickered. No wonder Gareth said that to the police just now. Old Madam Wickam must have told him to do so.Gareth nodded lightly.
“How could I forget your orders?”Old Madam Wickam snorted coldly, “These people are just ruthless! Don’t they know that there is law in our country?”Gareth sat on the sofa. He was calm and quiet.Julia led Elisa to the sofa and said soothingly, “You must have felt overwhelmed about what happened. I’ve told the maids to make you some hot soup. Have a bit to calm yourself down.”Elisa felt warm and fuzzy inside. She returned a smile and nodded. “Thank you, Grandma.”“Don’t mention it. You must have been shocked, haven’t you? Are you really alright, Elisa? Don’t lie to me.”Gareth interrupted with a sarcastic quip, “Your granddaughter is a skilled taekwondo master. She beat everyone to a pulp. How could she get hurt?”
###chapter709
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 709
Gareth felt annoyed with Elisa’s reluctance to divulge what had happened.Julia looked at Elisa in disbelief. “Darling?” Elisa’s eyes shone as she held Julia’s hand back tightly. “Well, I learned some when I was young. I practice it often too, so I’m quite skilled in it. No one can hurt me.”Gareth’s phone rang right after Elisa finished speaking. It was Thomas.Gareth answered the call.“What is it?”“Mr. Wickam, I went to the police station just now to follow up on the case. A total of seventeen people were detained. Twelve of them have broken bones, two of them have permanent penile fractures, and three of them suffer from injuries all over their bodies.”The corner of Gareth’s lips twitched as he glanced at Elisa.Julia sat beside Gareth. She could hear Thomas’s words even though the call wasn’t on loudspeaker.Before she could even react, Thomas continued, “The police said that Ms. Benett was very confident in her moves. Ms. Benett had acted swiftly to stop the hooligans when they wanted to escape. She even fixed one of the hooligans’ dislocated arm.”Both Gareth and Julia were taken aback by the news.She stared at Elisa in disbelief, as if she could not connect two and two together.Elisa was seated beside Julia. The manor was quiet, so she could pick up Thomas’s voice on the phone. She rubbed her nose in embarrassment under Julia’s stare.Gareth did not speak. Thomas continued, “The police are interrogating them about the mastermind behind this. They might need some time.”“Mmm.”Gareth ended the call after Thomas finished his report. His face grew visibly solemn as he remained silent. After Julia finally returned to her senses, she could not help but ask Elisa, “Elisa, Did you… Do all of that?”Elisa coughed lightly to cover her embarrassment. “… Yes.”Julia was at a loss for words.Meanwhile, Gareth was still quiet. But he seemed to look more relieved.After a period of silence, Julia couldn’t help but voice her doubt, “But Elisa, You…. why didn’t I know that you were skilled in Taekwondo?”Gareth chimed in sardonically, “Well, you didn’t know about Iris before this, too, did you?”Elisa pursed her lips and frowned as she looked at Gareth.Julia sighed, “Oh, child, you have suffered terribly over these years! You wouldn’t have to try so hard to protect yourself if this rascal knew how to treat you well! You rascal! This is all your fault!”Julia punched Gareth in the chest.Although it didn’t hurt, Gareth froze for a moment.His fault?Was it because of his aloofness that she never told him
anything?He frowned and thought to himself.Elisa beamed, “Grandma, look. I’m fine. You don’t have to worry about me. I can protect myself well. Although there are still some hooligans in this city, no one will act too rashly in this civilized country. You do not have to stress about it.”“Hey, the world is not a safe place for girls. Moreover, you are so outstanding and beautiful. It is unavoidable that you would attract ill-intentioned men.”Elisa’s eyes trembled a bit. Ill-intentioned?This was obviously a planned attack. However, Norman and his family were already too occupied with their business. At the same time, Linda wouldn’t dare harm her, too, for this time being. She was too afraid of the threat Elisa had over her. So who could it be?
###chapter710
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 710
Perhaps Norman and his family could no longer contain themselves and started acting against her again.Elisa started to think hard. “Sigh… You must really be careful in the future, Elisa. Why don’t you bring a bodyguard with you? I shall ask this rascal to get you two bodyguards. I will feel less anxious that way. Since you are now targeted, it might have been planned by our enemies. You are not safe alone.”Elisa offered another gentle smile and reassured Julia again, “Grandma, I’m really fine.” But she also intended to get down to the truth about this matter.Julia was still unsettled despite Elisa’s attempts to ease her anxiety. She tried to convince Elisa again.Finally, Elisa relented and agreed to Julia’s suggestion about having a bodyguard.Gareth also agreed to get two bodyguards for Elisa after being pestered by Julia. Only then Julia felt relieved.It was quite late, so Elisa did not stay in their manor for long.The Wickam family’s driver sent Elisa to the place where she parked her car. Then, he drove Elisa home in her car. He only went back after sending Elisa right to her doorstep.Old Madam Wickam’s gesture moved Elisa. Not forgetting her manners, she thanked the driver.Upon entering her room, she took out her phone and called Charli.Charli answered almost immediately. “What’s wrong, darling?”“Charli, can you do me a favor?”“What’s the matter? Just say it.” Charli closed her car door as she finished speaking. She had just returned from work and was headed into her house.Elisa told her about everything that had happened to her today.Charli shivered, “How could this happen?”Just as Elisa was about to answer Charli, she received an incoming call. It was Rachel.She rejected the call and sent Rachel a text.Elisa: ‘Hold on. I’m on the phone now.’ At the same time, she continued speaking to Charli. “I believe that I’m not just a random victim. These people knew who I was. Someone must’ve hired them to assault me.”“Leave this to me. I will send someone to investigate this matter!”“Okay.”After a few more exchanges of conversation, they ended the call. Then, Elisa called Rachel back.Before Elisa could speak, Rachel asked worriedly, “What happened? Are you alright? Did anything happen to you?”“I’m fine. I’m at home now. You don’t have to worry about me.”Elisa sounded relaxed. It was as if nothing had happened to her that day.Rachel knew that Elisa was skilled in martial arts. But she was still worried as those hooligans were not just any ordinary recruits.Rachel frowned
and confirmed once more. “Are you really fine? You are not lying to me, are you?”“You can come to my house to check on me.” Elisa teased.Rachel sighed gently in relief when she heard Elisa’s answer. But she still couldn’t help feeling anxious in her stomach. So she suggested, “Let’s video call!”Rachel hung up immediately and sent a video call request to Elisa.Elisa answered the call. When Rachel finally made sure that Elisa was home and that she was totally fine, she sighed in relief. “I just saw the trending posts on Twitter. I’ve never expected this to happen to you! Those bastards!”Elisa grinned and said gently, “I’m fine. You don’t have to worry about me.”Rachel frowned, clearly still uneased about her earlier predicament. “What about Carle? Does he know about this?”“He didn’t call me. I don’t think he knows,” Elisa replied calmly.But…Neither of them knew how occupied Carle was at the moment. He suddenly had a lot of work to do. He was in an emergency meeting caused by Gareth.
###chapter711
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 711
He did that to prevent Carle from seeing the news and contacting Elisa.“Alas… It will be quite late when he sees the news. I didn’t even know that immediately. I’m afraid he will feel guilty that he was unable to protect you in the first place – he’s going to blame himself for being an incompetent boyfriend.” As soon as she finished speaking, Sheena joined the call since Rachel had called the group.“What are you guys talking about?” Sheena asked. “Have a look at the trending page,” Rachel replied calmly.Sheena giggled. “What happened? Did Elisa get involved in a weird trend again?”As she was speaking, she opened Twitter. However, as soon as she saw the trending page, her expression immediately changed.“What is going on?”She immediately checked the hashtag and read through the comments and the photographs.When Elisa told them the situation, they felt a chill down their spine.Sheena was enraged, especially since she had just received the news; Rachel already had some time to digest the information.“How did this happen? How dare they touch you! Don’t they know you’re a favorite of Gareth, Will, and Carle? How dare they do that!”A thought occurred to Rachel, who said fearfully, “This is not just a harassment case! Elisa, they’re doing this to hurt you! Someone hired them to do that!”Elisa’s silence was considered tacit approval.“Jerks! *ssholes! Could it be Linda again?” Sheena’s voice was laced with fury. Though all she knew were from the online comments and Elisa’s brief explanation, she could feel how dangerous it was. With that thought in mind, she said, “Fortunately, you know self-defense. Otherwise, they…”Her voice trailed off fearfully. She couldn’t bring herself to imagine the situation otherwise.Elisa chuckled. “I’m fine. Don’t worry about me.”“Ugh…” Sheena grunted angrily. “Those motherf*ckers deserve to die!”She couldn’t help swearing.Though Rachel was also enraged, Sheena’s outburst made her laugh.“What are you laughing about?” Sheena asked.“I’m laughing at you. Impulse can be a devil…”“B*llshit! Those criminals need to be punished severely. They deserve to rot in hell! I’m so mad!” Sheena said irately.She hated people like that the most. On top of that, they even attempted to hurt her best friend.Elisa smiled. “Calm down. Look at me – I’m fine. The police have also been alerted, so there will be no problems.”“Hmph! Regardless, I’ll still be worried about you. What if they tried again?”Elisa smiled. “I’ve already asked people to look into this
incident.”“Alas…” Sheena and Rachel sighed together, worried about Elisa.“I need to investigate this matter further. I have to go now,” Elisa said.“Go ahead, but you have to be really careful, babe. Don’t go out when it’s late.”“Sure.”After chatting for a while longer, they hung up.Then, Elisa’s phone rang again.
###chapter712
“I’d like her to assign two reliable people to keep an eye on Linda.”
Anita froze. “Did she do something again?”
Elisa smiled without answering.
Since Anita was not someone who would pry, she replied, “Sure. I’ll call my sister now and ask her to do that.”
“Okay. Perhaps we won’t get any information, but it’s better than nothing. Thanks a lot, Ms. Golding.”
“Again, you don’t have to be so formal about it. You’re helping me out too.”
Elisa chuckled. “Alright, alright.”
“It’s not safe to go out alone – you’re a woman, after all. Take care.”
“Yeah. It’s not early anymore. Have a good night.”
“Goodnight.”
With that, they hung up.
Elisa didn’t tell anyone about the call history she had just discovered because doing so felt dangerous. She didn’t want to put
anyone else at risk.
Since she only requested more surveillance on Linda, the mastermind probably wouldn’t mind since they couldn’t find anything
deeper than the surface level.
The police were efficient. With help from Wickam Group, they quickly caught all the suspects.
Though the suspects had someone powerful backing them up, the mastermind wasn’t on par with Gareth at all.
They had no one else to blame apart from themselves – it was entirely their fault, and they deserved the punishment.
...
After that, things seemed to have settled down.
The time had arrived for the lawsuit Elisa promised to help Anita with.
It was rumored that Anita’s ex-husband found a capable lawyer to help him out.
Elisa didn’t care because it was a strong case for them. She didn’t mind at all how impressive the other lawyer was.
However, her gaze froze when she saw who it was.
He smiled at her cunningly as though he was saying, ‘What a coincidence, Ms. Benett.”
Anita was also taken aback when she saw him. “I didn’t know Mr. Shane was the defense lawyer.”
Elisa smiled without making any comments.
Sitting next to her, Anita said with a smile, “I remember you beat him in a lawsuit once.”
“That was because Wickam Group doesn’t have any points to back themselves up,” Elisa replied coolly.
Anita smiled again. “Perhaps Vincent wanted to challenge you again, either to defeat you or to train himself.”
With Elisa here, Anita was unperturbed; she even made some jokes.
However, if Elisa weren’t there, she would probably panic as soon as she saw Vincent.
After all, everyone knew how formidable of an opponent he was.
Nevertheless, with Iris on her side, she didn’t feel the pressure.
Elisa shot a glance at Vincent. He was speaking with Anita’s ex-husband, who smiled obsequiously at him.
Vincent probably reached out to him first. Anita’s ex-husband is a nobody – he wouldn’t have the guts to hire Vincent, and
Vincent wouldn’t even accept this case.
In no time, the lawsuit finally started.
###chapter713
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 713
“I’d like her to assign two reliable people to keep an eye on Linda.”Anita froze. “Did she do something again?” Elisa smiled without answering.Since Anita was not someone who would pry, she replied, “Sure. I’ll call my sister now and ask her to do that.” “Okay. Perhaps we won’t get any information, but it’s better than nothing. Thanks a lot, Ms. Golding.”“Again, you don’t have to be so formal about it. You’re helping me out too.”Elisa chuckled. “Alright, alright.”“It’s not safe to go out alone – you’re a woman, after all. Take care.”“Yeah. It’s not early anymore. Have a good night.”“Goodnight.”With that, they hung up.Elisa didn’t tell anyone about the call history she had just discovered because doing so felt dangerous. She didn’t want to put anyone else at risk.Since she only requested more surveillance on Linda, the mastermind probably wouldn’t mind since they couldn’t find anything deeper than the surface level.The police were efficient. With help from Wickam Group, they quickly caught all the suspects.Though the suspects had someone powerful backing them up, the mastermind wasn’t on par with Gareth at all.They had no one else to blame apart from themselves – it was entirely their fault, and they deserved the punishment.…After that, things seemed to have settled down. The time had arrived for the lawsuit Elisa promised to help Anita with.It was rumored that Anita’s ex-husband found a capable lawyer to help him out.Elisa didn’t care because it was a strong case for them. She didn’t mind at all how impressive the other lawyer was.However, her gaze froze when she saw who it was.He smiled at her cunningly as though he was saying, ‘What a coincidence, Ms. Benett.”Anita was also taken aback when she saw him. “I didn’t know Mr. Shane was the defense lawyer.”Elisa smiled without making any comments.Sitting next to her, Anita said with a smile, “I remember you beat him in a lawsuit once.”“That was because Wickam Group doesn’t have any points to back themselves up,” Elisa replied coolly.Anita smiled again. “Perhaps Vincent wanted to challenge you again, either to defeat you or to train himself.”With Elisa here, Anita was unperturbed; she even made some jokes.However, if Elisa weren’t there, she would probably panic as soon as she saw Vincent.After all, everyone knew how formidable of an opponent he was.Nevertheless, with Iris on her side, she didn’t feel the pressure.Elisa shot a glance at Vincent. He was speaking with Anita’s ex-husband, who smiled obsequiously at
him.Vincent probably reached out to him first. Anita’s ex-husband is a nobody – he wouldn’t have the guts to hire Vincent, and Vincent wouldn’t even accept this case.In no time, the lawsuit finally started.
###chapter714
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 714
The judge and other professionals looked solemn as everyone took their seats.Sheena and Rachel also arrived to witness the proceeding. Rachel wanted to learn something from this experience; her best friend was a top-notch lawyer.Meanwhile, Sheena was there to pass her time. When Rachel saw Vincent, her face instantly darkened.She had been chatting with Sheena, so she didn’t look at the panel. She had complete confidence that Elisa was going to win.Before arriving, she even wondered if there were anyone who dared to be the defense lawyer for the opposition.However, as soon as she lifted her head, she spotted him.Sheena was also surprised to see him. “Perhaps he already knew that Elisa was taking this case.”“Hasn’t he conceded defeat? I can’t believe he still wants to take the challenge even after losing to Elisa last time.”“This proves that he’s in her league! He might get a chance to win by continuously trying.”“He’s toxic! Elisa mentioned that Anita’s case would be a definite win – there were solid points in their favor. I’m sure Vincent knows that too. Since that’s the case, there’s nothing for him to learn here. He should find a case where he can fully utilize his capabilities,” Rachel said disdainfully.Sheena burst out laughing. “Do you know how many cases Elisa has taken lately? If the case was that simple, Anita wouldn’t be so worried about it. Just because Elisa is in charge, you think it’s easy.”Rachel was silent upon hearing that. She has a point.She pouted in silent approval of Sheena’s points. “Plaintiff, it’s your turn to speak.”The plaintiff was Anita’s ex-husband.He had long wanted to take their son away from her. The child had been with her most of the time.Apart from that, he had also done a lot of damage to the situation.An average lawyer might think that the plaintiff might win this case; even Anita herself didn’t have high hopes.However, Elisa found a few points that were spot on. It was the reason she was confident of winning the case.Vincent started speaking, “My client would like to have custody of the child. First, Ms. Golding has no time to be with her son; she cannot provide him with a happy childhood. Second, there are many rumors about her and different men. If she marries another man, the child might suffer. Meanwhile, my client can promise that he will never remarry. Third, the child once called my defendant to complain about the ill-treatment of his mother. He wanted to be with his father. Those are my points, your honor.”Anita’s brows were
locked into a frown. She wanted to speak, but with Elisa next to her, she remained silent.She had complete trust in Elisa.“The defendant may speak now.”Everyone’s gaze fell on her.As usual, there were no documents on her desk. If another lawyer did this, people would think of them as unprofessional.However, things were different when it came to Elisa.“I would like to refute the plaintiff’s points.”Excitement sparkled in Vincent’s eyes. He did not intend to serve his client; he merely wanted to spar with Elisa mentally.The moment Elisa took the case, he immediately contacted Anita’s ex- husband.At that moment, he was beyond excited to start the duel.
###chapter715
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 715
Just like Anita and Sheena guessed, Vincent wanted to take this challenge to train himself. Such an opportunity would only arise with a capable competitor. Otherwise, it would be difficult for him to improve any further.Under everyone’s hopeful glances, Elisa spoke slowly. “First, Ms. Golding has made time for her son. She spends time with him every day, and she has never missed any of his school events. She also told me that she would never remarry. Her son is most important to her, and there aren’t any rumors about other men. Please show us the evidence for those allegations. As a mother, she would like to raise a well-mannered child, not one who is extremely spoiled. I guess you’ve heard the phrase ‘spare the rod and spoil the child,’ Mr. Park. Kids nowadays don’t understand their parents’ well intentions, so he probably complained to you about it. But are you sure you want to use this reason to get custody of the child?”Mr. Park was Anita’s ex-husband, Stanley Park. Vincent stayed calm and remained silent.However, Stanley lost his cool. He wanted to retaliate but didn’t dare to do so after looking at Vincent.Elisa continued.“Apart from that, Mr. Park was an alcoholic during their marriage. Not only did he hit them, but he also didn’t care about the child at all. Is this true, Mr. Park?”“Of course not!” he replied indignantly.Elisa looked at the judge. “Your honor, I have submitted the videos and voice recordings as evidence.”Stanley was surprised to hear that.Why did you ask if you already had evidence? “I don’t believe a man like him, who drinks and sleeps around all day, would take good care of a child.”“Sleeps around? Please don’t slander me!” Stanley’s face darkened.Elisa didn’t even look at him; her gaze remained on the judge. “Your honor, we also have evidence for Mr. Park’s infidelity during their marriage.”Stanley was beyond surprised to hear that. What the hell? Meanwhile, Anita was pleased to see that.She used to think this was a difficult case, but unexpectedly, Elisa found the evidence for her.When she knew that, she became so excited that she didn’t even know how to thank Elisa.Even Vincent’s face darkened. He turned to Stanley and asked in a voice so quiet that the microphone couldn’t pick it up. Stanley was the only person who could hear him.“You cheated on her? If you continue to lie, don’t blame me for not helping you.”“Y-Y-Yes.”“What Elisa said just now – is it true?”Stanley blanched. He didn’t reply, but his lips were trembling. The expression on his face was
answer enough.Vincent’s face darkened again. He hated dishonest clients – they were usually problematic in court.However, Elisa was not done yet.“That was all about his life. I would also like to mention that Mr. Park has never been a dutiful father. The child also spent a few days with Mr. Park, but what did Mr. Park do? He handed the kid to the nanny and went out to have fun for the entire day. Are you trying to get custody so the kid will take care of you when you’re old?”
###chapter716
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 716
“N-N-No, I didn’t! Stop making up these lies!”That was all Stanley could say. He became increasingly annoyed and anxious while Vincent looked glum. As soon as the judge asked an officer to play the videos and voice recordings, everyone’s face darkened.What Stanley said in the voice recordings was awful and inhumane, and the video was unseemly. Everyone fell silent, and their thoughts toward Stanley changed entirely.Even Stanley’s family felt embarrassed for him; they wanted to leave immediately.When Anita saw that, her face also darkened. The video and voice recordings proved that she had been cheated on pathetically.Ha. I’m now the laughingstock of the entire world, but I don’t care. I can take anything the world throws at me for my son’s sake. This is nothing at all. I couldn’t accept this back then, but now… I’ve already put it behind me.Apart from disgust, she had no other feelings toward her ex-husband.When Vincent saw the evidence, his expression hardened.“You’re going to lose the entire case by not telling the truth.” His cold glance swept past Stanley’s face.Stanley’s expression immediately changed. Never did he think his wrong-doings would be exposed.I hid them well! Even if Anita wanted to look for evidence back then, it would be difficult. After so many years, how did they resurface? He had no idea how this could happen.“What should we do?” he asked, panicking.Vincent snorted coldly. “What else? We can only wait for them to announce our loss.”No! I need to get custody of my son! How can I lose?Nevertheless, Vincent ignored him completely.Still looking at the judge, Elisa said, “The evidence is true, and we are willing to wait for your verdict.”Her nonchalance showed how confident she was in herself. At that moment, everyone assumed that Stanley would lose.Vincent stopped speaking as though he had given up. In reality, he was furious at the situation.He wanted a showdown with Elisa, but Stanley had dragged him down.At that point, it was without any dispute that they would lose. On top of that, he was not immoral to the point of helping a jerk get custody and hurting the child.“You have to help me, Mr. Shane!” Stanley pleaded anxiously.Vincent laughed coldly.“How can I help you when you’ve done something so stupid?”Vincent almost blurted out, ‘In your dreams!”Silence fell in the courtroom. The judge remained quiet for a few minutes before speaking.“We need to verify these.”Elisa nodded. “Of course. But if it is
true, will the mother get custody?”“Yes,” the judge replied without any hesitation.Stanley was dumbfounded to hear that.My son! How can she get custody of my son?
###chapter717
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 717
He couldn’t argue against that because the officials had to verify the evidence. It would be hard to reach a conclusion on the day.Of course, Vincent’s face remained dark the entire time. Before leaving, he said, “I will never take any of your cases again.”Stanley freaked out upon hearing that. “Mr. Shane, please don’t do that. I know my mistakes now. Please help me!” Vincent walked forward, ignoring him.However, Elisa and her friends were right in front of him. When Rachel saw him, she let out a cold snort.“You rarely lose a case. Don’t you think this one is ridiculous, Mr. Shane?”It’s his fault for trying to compete with us.Vincent’s face grew darker. He swept his gaze across her figure, but he suddenly remembered Jeremy’s words when he was about to retaliate.In that instant, an irksome feeling rose within him. He ignored her and left.Rachel had no clue what was going on in his mind. She gave a sarcastic chuckle as she spoke to Elisa. “Thanks to you, we saw him run away with his tail between his legs. It felt so good!”Otherwise, he would always render her speechless.Elisa didn’t comment on it and twitched her lips.Just then, Anita smiled at her. “Elisa, I won’t elaborate on how grateful I am to you, but I will never forget this. Thanks for everything.” Elisa shook her head with a grin. “It’s not a big deal. I did what I could; you don’t have to take it so seriously. But, it seems that your ex-husband is not easy to deal with. You have to be careful.”Anita nodded. “Don’t worry. I’ll take note of him.”After exchanging pleasantries, she went back home.However, Stanley glared at them sinisterly as they left.Elisa got into the car with Rachel and Sheena.Rachel was behind the wheel while Elisa and Sheena sat in the backseat.Thinking back upon Elisa’s shrewd speech just now, Sheena chuckled.“When I didn’t know you were a lawyer, I thought you were very analytical and logical. I’m sure if Carle were here, he would fall in love with you. Though I’m a woman, I find you incredibly attractive.” Sheena spoke from the bottom of her heart.Since Rachel was driving, she didn’t join the conversation. However, she couldn’t help herself upon the mention of Carle.“Elisa, did Carle reach out to you about the incident?”Naturally, she was referring to the harassment incident.Sheena also looked at Elisa. She had not interacted with Carle since confessing her feelings.She wanted to speak to him but didn’t have the courage to do so.On the other hand, Carle probably wanted to avoid rumors, so he didn’t mention anything to
her.Elisa’s gaze flickered when she replied, “Yes. He apologized to me. He was in meetings all day when that happened, so he didn’t know about it. He was also worried about me and asked how I was doing. I can feel his guilt and worry genuinely.”
###chapter718
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 718
Both Rachel and Sheena were shocked to hear that.“Are you leaving something out? The entire exchange doesn’t feel right to me,” Rachel commented, looking at Elisa through the rearview mirror. Sheena also remained quiet.After a moment of hesitation, Elisa continued, “He is still concerned about my well-being, but I can feel that he’s more tentative this time. There seemed to be something beyond what he was saying, but he didn’t elaborate further. He just asked if I was okay and then hung up, saying he didn’t want to intrude on my life.” Rachel was surprised to hear that. “For real? He said that?”Elisa nodded. “Yeah.”After making a left turn, Rachel couldn’t help commenting, “I can’t believe it! He seems to have changed into a different person. He actually used the word ‘intrude’? I bet he would want to speak to you every day if he could. He carried a torch for you all this while.”“I was also surprised to hear that. Since he already made it clear, I didn’t ask further. I don’t want to give him false hope,” Elisa replied calmly, with a tinge of curiosity.Sheena took a deep breath with a conflicted expression on her face.Finally, she explained, “He’s acting weird because of me. I’m not sure if I’ve done something wrong.”Rachel could hear that something was off. Just then, she spotted a parking spot and pulled over without hesitation.Elisa merely looked at Sheena quietly, waiting for her to elaborate. Since she had already started the conversation, she would spill the beans. However, Rachel was impatient. As soon as she stopped the car, she turned to look at Sheena. “What happened? What did we miss? Something is definitely off here. Tell us! I even stopped the car for you.”Sheena sighed helplessly before telling them what had transpired the other day.Elisa and Rachel were shocked but were happy for her.Rachel nodded approvingly. “It’s good that you told him how you feel. It’s unfair for you to keep holding it in. Carle should know how much you have suffered over the years.”Elisa also nodded. Looking at Sheena’s conflicted and nervous expression, she held her hand.“There’s a possibility that things might move forward between you guys after saying it. I hope both of you will end up together, not because I can get rid of Carle, but because you are worthy of him – I know you really like him.”Sheena breathed in sharply before speaking exasperatedly, “I was quite shocked at myself. I never thought of confessing to him in that way. But after that, I felt a weight lifted off my chest. Anyway,
though I was upset, I also felt lighter. I’m not sure if you understand such a conflicting feeling.”“I understand,” Elisa replied simply.Though she was in a different situation, her relationship with Gareth was also a conflicting one.Sheena sighed in exasperation again. She hesitated for a moment before saying softly, “I’ve wanted to tell you, but I couldn’t find the courage.”Rachel turned around to look at her. “Look at you! You kept saying you’re carefree and easy-going, but you are being so reserved. What’s there to worry about between us?”
###chapter719
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 719
Sheena sighed again, looking even more conflicted.Elisa chuckled. “Anyone else would be embarrassed to say it out loud. Wait till you meet someone you like, Rachel.” “Geez, love is so complicated. Look at the three of you! I think it’s better not to be involved. Isn’t it nice to be free? Why must we find someone to spend the rest of our lives with? I believe love is one of the most short-lived things!”Elisa laughed. “Well, that’s not always the case. There are plenty of couples who loved each other throughout their lives. It’s just us who aren’t lucky enough to experience that.” With that, her gaze fell on Sheena again.“Don’t feel miserable, Sheena. Just follow your gut. We need such experiences to experience life differently.”Looking pale, Sheena gave a bitter smile without replying.Elisa lifted her head slightly and looked ahead.“Though I regretted meeting Gareth, I don’t regret the effort I put into the relationship, and I don’t regret falling in love either.”Rachel arched her eyebrow. “You didn’t regret pouring your love to someone, but you regret that the recipient was him. Am I right?”Elisa smiled. “Yeah.”Sheena’s gaze flickered, but she remained silent. Elisa held her hand again and said, “Just do it, and don’t overthink things.”Sheena took a deep breath and nodded. “Alright. I’ll try.” Though she was tempted to try harder, she remained rational about the situation. I can’t bug him all the time. Otherwise, he might be even more disinterested. What if… we can’t even be friends? I don’t want to lose him. Even if I am just a friend to him, I’m willing to do that just to be able to see him. Though I’m on the losing side in this relationship, I don’t mind.After chatting for a while, Rachel started the engine again.Knowing each other’s thoughts, they stopped talking about the matter entirely and made some jokes on different subjects.…After sending Elisa back to her place, Rachel said, “Lend me your car, Elisa. I’ll ask someone to send it back later.”Elisa nodded with a smile. “Sure. See you later.”Sheena and Rachel had other errands to run. They had taken a taxi just now.Rachel was about to leave after Elisa got out of the car. However, as soon as she lifted her head, she saw someone familiar. “Hmph?”Sheena followed her gaze and saw a tall man in a blue shirt walking toward Elisa, who stood rooted to the ground as she looked back at him.Rachel chuckled happily. “Elisa has so many admirers. I wonder when she can get rid of Will.”Sheena narrowed her eyes. “I think Will truly likes her. Will can
be a decent partner if Elisa opens up to him.”With a shrug, Rachel watched Will walk toward Elisa and talk to her with a smile.“No one knows what is going to happen. In the end, Elisa has to make the decision herself. But… Will is on equal footing with Gareth. If I were Elisa, I might date him just to show Gareth what he is losing out on!”
###chapter720
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 720
“Look, Will is holding something. I wonder what he’s giving to Elisa. He puts so much effort into making her happy. Alas, why can’t I have such an experience as well?”Sheena smiled. “Alright, let’s go.” Her thoughts were in disarray at that moment. She couldn’t worry about Elisa.“Sure.” Shooting a final glance at both of them, Rachel drove away.Elisa turned round and saw Sheena waving goodbye. In the next instant, the car sped away.Then, she turned to look at Will, but before she could say anything, he asked, “Now that I’m here, aren’t you going to invite me to your place?”Elisa frowned. “Will–”“Let’s go. I’m starving – let’s have dinner together.”With that, he brought his stuff into her house, rendering her speechless.She knew that he could find her no matter where she moved, but she didn’t like how he showed up without prior notice.Nevertheless, she couldn’t chase him away, so she opened the door.Will watched with a smile, changing into a pair of indoor slippers she gave him.“Thanks.”Elisa pursed her lips silently.Will placed the takeaway on the dining table and started opening them.“Just eat a little, alright?”Elisa’s frown deepened as she watched him enter the bathroom to wash his hands as though he lived there. After walking out of the bathroom, he saw the expression on her face and smiled. “You don’t like this?”“Recently, you like to show up without any notice.” Elisa cut to the chase.Will flashed a weak smile. “I know you don’t like it, but I can’t see you if I don’t do that. Why don’t you visit me more often?”Elisa had no intention of replying to his question.She also went to wash her hands in the bathroom before sitting at the dining table opposite him.Will gave her a takeaway box containing food made by his chef back home.Though it was just a takeaway, it contained everything she needed.Elisa tucked in without any comments, but Will started chit-chatting, slowly easing her frown.Will was an easy-going, observant person. If he was willing to show his best self, he could create a lighthearted atmosphere and make himself amiable.However, Elisa was even more guarded toward him.Shooting a glance at him, she thought, He’s very good at making others lower their guard. I’m worried that he might see through me one day.Regardless, she was not worried that she might fall for him. After all, she had suffered enough with Gareth, so she was not interested in starting a new relationship.After finishing their food, Will handed a document to Elisa. “The legal department has
already seen through this, but I’m still not entirely confident. This is important.”Elisa took the contract with a frown. Without even looking at it, she stared squarely at Will. “Do you trust me that much?”
###chapter721
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 721
“Who would I believe other than you?”Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything else. She looked down and started reading the contract. The contract was roughly ten pages long, and each page was filled with words.But Elisa seemed to read ten lines at once. She finished reading everything within ten minutes. Will watched her speed of reading, and he raised his brows.Elisa put the contract down and said calmly, “There are three loopholes.”Will’s expression froze. “Three?”“Yes.”Will narrowed his eyes and didn’t say anything. It was evident that he was waiting for Elisa to go on.He wrote the contract with the elite of his company’s legal department, but now, there were three loopholes.He valued the project very much, so he was earnest when he wrote the contract.He showed it to Elisa just in case.Of course, there was another reason.If he didn’t find something for her to do, she would get sick of him. With the project, she would still tolerate his presence.But he never imagined that…The contract that had been painstakingly written had three loopholes.He was now glad that he wasn’t enemies with Elisa. Otherwise, she would look at many things casually, and his company would be in crisis. He would have to compensate for all projects, or the projects wouldn’t stand. She could pick holes in everything…Will’s expression was slightly complicated. He looked at Elisa and couldn’t help but say softly, “What dire situation would I be in if you were my enemy?”Elisa’s lips twitched, and she didn’t say anything.Will said high-spiritedly, “Just like Gareth. He had to compensate twenty billion just like that.”Elisa was dumbfounded. She ignored Will and took a pen out from her drawer. She scribbled on a few parts of the contract and made annotations.“Take this back and show this to the people in your company. They will know what to amend.”Elisa could have amended it for him directly, but she wanted to avoid arousing suspicion. If she amended it, Will would trust her wholeheartedly. That couldn’t happen.If she had a relationship with Will like she did with Rachel, Elisa would have made the changes herself, but since it was Will, she didn’t.Will didn’t intend to let Elisa amend the contract either. It was mainly because he didn’t want to trouble her too much. He only brought the contract over as a reason to see her. It was an unexpected surprise that she noticed loopholes. He wouldn’t trouble her further.He had to cherish the person he liked.“Alright. Thanks for your trouble.” Will took the contract from her.Elisa put
her pen back. She looked at Will’s expression and said indifferently, “You trust everyone that wrote this contract, right?”Will’s expression froze slightly. “What do you mean?”There must be a problem if Elisa asked him such a question.He stared at her, waiting for her to go on.Elisa hesitated briefly and said softly, “I’m not too sure of the specifics. Even though the loopholes in the contract aren’t easily noticeable, everyone in your company is the cream of the crop. Only one of these loopholes should have appeared. Two out of the three loopholes here are suspicious.”Seeing that Will’s gaze trembled slightly, she immediately continued, “Of course, this is only my guess. Perhaps it was a momentary oversight, or it hadn’t been verified by more than one party. You should go back and observe.”Will’s lips curved. “Alright. I will get people to check. I’m very grateful.”
###chapter722
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 722
Elisa shook her head. “It’s nothing. You’re welcome.”She still felt like she owed Will a favor. Previously, she had promised him that Benett Corporation’s project would go to him. Still, it was pried away by Gareth instead. Although she had no choice… she didn’t keep her promise. Elisa wanted to make it up to him.But… what Will wanted was different. He wanted to marry Elisa. There was no way Elisa could agree to such a matter.Will sized Elisa up and watched as she sat on the couch, not saying anything else to him.Will smiled and said, “If you’re busy now, you don’t have to think about the projects. There’s no need for that.”Elisa shook her head. “I have to keep my word since I made a promise. Furthermore, I’ll be writing the proposal with a purpose in mind. When Benett Corporation and Darcey Group work together in the future, Darcey Group will take the lead, and we will benefit as well.”Will immediately sighed in frustration. “Must you really draw such clear boundaries? Everything I have is yours if you want it.”Elisa was dumbfounded.She raised her eyes and looked at the man but didn’t say anything. But her silence expressed everything.This wasn’t the life she wanted. She wouldn’t get married or develop feelings for a man again.Will sighed in frustration again. “I know Gareth has hurt you, but you must know that not everyone is like him. I’m an exception. Liz, you must believe me. After some time, you’ll know if I’m sincere or trying to take advantage of you.” Elisa smiled and looked at the man before she tried to play it down. “It doesn’t matter if it’s true or false. I hope that you won’t waste your time with me. I’m just stubborn.”Was it possible for a stubborn person to bow down?A hurt expression flickered across Will’s eyes. Elisa was slightly surprised when she saw it.There was a split second where she wondered if Will really liked her.“I know. So you can take your time. I’m different from Carle.” There was still a gentle smile in the corner of Will’s lips, and his eyes shone.Elisa furrowed her brows slightly and opened her mouth to speak, but before she could say anything, Will smiled and got up.“It’s getting late. I won’t disturb you any longer. I need to go back to the company and settle some matters.”Actually, it wasn’t late. It was only one in the afternoon.Will might have been referring to her lunch break, or he was being polite.Elisa didn’t say anything. She stared at Will’s figure as he left.Will and Carle were indeed different.Carle’s gaze was extremely affectionate and sincere. Even if Elisa turned him down,
she was still moved by his sincerity.But Will was different. He looked careless yet graceful, and at the same time, he didn’t pressure others too much. He was also dreamy and treated everyone the same, which fit his reputation as a famous, wealthy son.She paused and walked forward. She was still hospitable and had to send Will off.At the door, Will turned and smiled at Elisa.“Liz, we have a lot of time. I’ll give you time and things to look forward to, so you can pay more attention to me. As for the so- called rumors…”
###chapter723
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 723
When he said this, he looked at Elisa and laughed lightly. “Do you believe them?”The man’s deep eyes kept sizing her up. Even if he confessed to Elisa, he wouldn’t let her feel any pressure. No one could get annoyed at the relaxed atmosphere he created.However, Elisa was the type of person who wouldn’t feel pressured to do anything regardless if Will demanded anything of her. She replied, “This has nothing to do with me. It’s your freedom, after all.”Will smiled and didn’t continue the topic. He looked at her and said gently, “I’ll be leaving. If there’s anything you need, call me at any time.”Elisa was dumbstruck.She looked at the man’s leaving figure and closed the door.She was on leave today.But it didn’t affect her work. She could work at home.The day passed quickly. It was a peaceful day, but the next day’s scene at work was different.Once Elisa entered the company building, she wanted to head into the elevator but was stopped by a woman in business wear.Elisa was confused as the woman moved threateningly toward her, but she stood on the spot.It was evident that the woman was walking to her.Elisa didn’t say anything and waited for the woman to speak.The woman’s black hair was tied up and she wore black framed glasses. Her skin was fair, and one could tell it was because of religious skincare application with one glance. Although she wasn’t breathtakingly gorgeous, she was still beautiful. From the looks of it, she was around thirty years old.Everyone who was coming to work looked at them subconsciously. It was clear that the onlookers were curious.Two female employees were walking together, and one asked the other, “Why did Tina Foster stop Elisa?” “I heard something happened in Tina’s department yesterday, and she was scolded badly by her superior.” The other woman described vividly.The woman on the left was instantly baffled. “Huh? What happened?”The other one immediately said softly, “Didn’t you hear about it? Almost the entire company knows about it.”“What happened?”The woman on the left was perplexed. “I was on leave yesterday afternoon. Did something serious happen here? But nothing was said in the work chat.”Disdain immediately streaked across the other woman’s eyes. “How can these matters be discussed publicly? It has to be solved in private.”What on earth had happened?The curiosity in the woman’s eyes increased. She pushed the glasses on her face. “What on earth happened? Tell me, quick.”There was still some time before work
started, and people weren’t in a rush. They wanted to see what was going on.The woman on the right said softly, “Something happened in the human resources department yesterday. Tina is basically the head of HR as the deputy manager, but she was criticized by the manager. She often pushes the manager around, and he doesn’t have any real power, but now Elisa is supporting him.”The other woman was startled. “So what if she’s supporting him? Does this have anything to do with Elisa?”The woman on the right immediately continued softly, “Of course it does. If it doesn’t, would such a situation occur? I heard that the manager had no apprehension and criticized her even when there was a job applicant around. He said that this was a rule by Elisa and that Tina couldn’t go against orders from the top. In any case, what he said was quite nasty, and Tina wanted to prove that she was right, so there was a bad argument…”
###chapter724
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 724
“I can’t believe this happened!” The other woman was surprised as the woman on the right smiled. “You see, something is stirring up. Tina is not a simple woman. She might even make a huge scene today.”The woman on the left didn’t say anything. Evidently, she was anticipating Tina’s actions, and they wanted to see how Elisa would deal with it. It seemed like many people were discontented that Elisa had been promoted.They said that she wasn’t backing down and didn’t know how to have restraint in such a position. Many felt she wasn’t doing it for the company’s sake but exploiting the tiger’s might as a fox. They weren’t necessarily confident in what she was doing.Among everyone talking and staring, Tina suddenly said coldly, “Are you satisfied after doing such a thing, Elisa?”Elisa had a calm expression, and she looked at the person before her. Confusion flickered across her eyes.“What are you trying to say?”“What am I trying to say?” Tina laughed in her rage. She couldn’t help but snarl, “You seem very innocent by doing such a thing, don’t you?”She said the last few words in a strange tone, making the surrounding onlookers think that something was about to happen.Some felt that Tina was going overboard and shouldn’t speak to a superior in such a way.But…Some rejoiced at Elisa’s misfortune and felt that she should have been questioned like this earlier. They didn’t understand why she was so popular.Who is she?Furthermore, she wasn’t from Wickam Group. Has Mr. Wickam gone blind? Why did he choose such a woman to lead such an important project?Is this a joke? Elisa didn’t question Tina but instead asked, “Just say what you want to say.”Elisa didn’t want to listen to her go on and on. She wanted Tina to get to the point.Tina clearly couldn’t hold it in and immediately said, “This isn’t your company, and you can’t be a jack of all trades, so why are you interfering in everything? Why are you giving instructions at will when you don’t know anything? Do you know how much this affects the company?!”The surrounding crowd’s curiosity was piqued. After hearing what Tina said, they directed their gaze at Elisa, waiting to see how she would retort.Elisa had a calm expression. It seemed she didn’t feel awkward or unhappy about what Tina said. She said calmly, “Please be more specific.”Compared to Elisa’s patience and composure, Tina’s rage and impatience seemed slightly abrupt.Tina clearly realized this, and the fury in her heart increased.Since
she started the quarrel in public, she didn’t plan to be polite. She immediately spoke to Elisa angrily.“The human resources department has always had established regulations when recruiting new employees, but you butted in, so we have to follow your rules. As a result, those we recruited are weird and stubborn. They can’t even interact with other employees in the same office. Do you really think that your ways are right?”Tina paused before she continued in a rage. “After I made a suggestion today, the manager berated me in public to suck up to you. Have I done anything wrong? I’ve been working hard in Wickam Group for so many years, and I dare say that everyone I’ve recruited for Wickam Group is elite. They’re the cream of the crop. But look at those that have been recruited under your requirements. Look at how they are!”
###chapter725
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 725
The onlookers’ expressions changed. A girl walked up and pulled Tina’s hand. She grabbed it lightly and said softly, “Alright, Tina. Calm down. Your reputation will be affected if you say such things publicly.”Tina was livid. She shook off the girl’s hand and sneered before looking at Elisa and speaking disdainfully. “What can’t I say if she does such shameful things? I have nothing to hide. I’m not afraid that my reputation will be affected. I’ve never experienced such humiliation after working so many years in the company! If she’s right, I’ll acknowledge it! I can change if I make a mistake, but here she is, blindly giving out instructions when she doesn’t know anything. Who would be able to take this? She’s turning the company upside down. Who would be able to work in peace in the future?”Someone who wanted to curry favor with Elisa immediately walked over before looking at Tina with tightly furrowed brows. “Tina, instead of reflecting, you’re going mad here. Ms. Benett’s abilities speak for themselves. Why are you questioning her? Furthermore, Mr. Wickam was the one who gave Ms. Benett her authority. Don’t you know how sharp Mr. Wickam’s insight is?” Tina sneered at once. “Of course, I trust Mr. Wickam’s insight, but sometimes, some people grow arrogant after others indulge them! All the company’s projects she’s interfered in are in disarray, but some people still want to flatter her. Aren’t bootlickers like you afraid of incurring the wrath of the heavens?”This caused a public outcry.Those who had been waiting to rejoice in misfortune had terrible expressions at that moment. Tina’s words seemed to have hit a sore spot. They had to do things that went against their principles to survive. Has Tina never groveled? Someone sneered and looked at Tina while saying sarcastically, “Think about whether you possess such conduct. Why didn’t you say this when you fawned over your department’s deputy manager?”“You…!” This seemed to have hit a sore spot with Tina. Her expression was instantly nasty. “When have I ever fawned over the deputy manager? I was just completing his tasks because of work back then. Why are you describing it so despicably? What’s wrong? Has your shame turned into anger because I hit a sore spot?”She didn’t want anyone else to interrupt, so she immediately looked at Elisa and said in a fury, “Elisa! Are you still letting others speak on your behalf at a time like this? What’s wrong? Do you have nothing to say?”Someone beside Elisa took a step
forward and clearly wanted to say something, but before she could do so, Elisa stopped her.The woman was startled and didn’t say anything in the end.Elisa looked at Tina indifferently. “I have a clear conscience regarding work matters. What should be done has to be done. This is an order.”Elisa’s tone implied that she wasn’t asking for opinions. Tina was furious when she saw Elisa like this! She immediately gritted her teeth and said, “Are you going to be responsible if there are any problems?”Elisa’s expression was calm. “Gareth will be responsible.”As soon as she said it, someone suddenly said, “Mr. Wickam is here!”In an instant, everyone looked to the door and made way for him one after another.Gareth wrinkled his brows slightly. There had never been a time when many people were gathered at the office.It was apparent from the cold air around him that he was displeased.But when he looked ahead, he suddenly noticed the slim figure standing at the front.
###chapter726
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 726
Gareth’s furrowed brows suddenly relaxed.Part of the cold air surrounding him also seemed to have disappeared. Everyone fixed their eyes on Gareth, waiting to see… what would happen next.Some felt that there would be an exciting scene to witness. Some saw him as eye candy. It was mainly because this man was really different!Although they worked at his company… it wasn’t easy to see Mr. Wickam!If they were lucky, they might bump into Mr. Wickam when they were coming to or leaving work, but he was aloof and cold. No one dared to approach him or greet him. He would never glance sideways and act like nobody else was present.And now…From the looks of it, he seemed to have stopped for Elisa’s sake.Then…Everyone could take this opportunity to look at him a little longer.What a great life!Some had already forgotten to see how Elisa would retort to Tina. Instead, they were anticipating what Gareth would do next!They wanted to look at the handsome and dignified Gareth!Elisa’s gaze fell on him. It was as though she had never thought that she would meet him here.As for Tina…She had been unyielding and was rude to Elisa in her fury in front of everyone.But… now that Gareth was here, she was unexpectedly and indescribably feeling a little fearful and at a loss.Gareth walked to Elisa’s side and said in a low voice, “What happened?”Elisa’s expression was calm, and she didn’t say anything. She only looked at him. As for the woman beside Elisa, which was also the woman who had spoken on Elisa’s behalf, it seemed as though she didn’t want to let go of the opportunity to showcase herself. Hence, she immediately said, “Mr. Wickam, it went like this.”She then told him everything that had happened.She didn’t exaggerate anything or distort facts. She explained everything truthfully.Tina couldn’t retort at all.Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything.As for the cold air around Gareth, it seemed to have dissipated slightly.Because he had heard something just now.‘Gareth will be responsible.’If she made a mistake, he would take responsibility.Tina was extremely nervous but couldn’t refute it with people around.She had wanted to make a scene and sabotage Elisa’s reputation.Because her manager had told her to go to the finance department and collect her salary before leaving. She might lose her job entirely if she didn’t make a scene.But…!She never thought Gareth would appear in front of everyone after she made a scene. He was even… standing in
front of Elisa. He would inevitably defend her!Tina felt wronged and saw that Elisa’s gaze was directed at Gareth. She was afraid Elisa would say something, so she immediately panicked. “Please believe me, Mr. Wickam. What Ms. Benett has done really displeased many people in the company! She is inexperienced and incapable, I…”Before she could finish, a man’s angry cry was heard.“Shut up right now!”Everyone turned to look.They saw the human resources manager walk over quickly with cold sweat on his face. He raised his hand subconsciously to wipe his sweat as he walked over to Gareth and Elisa and spoke apologetically.
###chapter727
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 727
“Mr. Wickam. Ms. Benett. I’ve been careless by not managing my subordinates well. It’s just that… I told her to collect her salary from the finance department. I never thought that she would make a fuss in the company. I will take responsibility for this. You may punish me as you see fit, Mr. Wickam.”The manager’s face was filled with remorse and guilt. “I must be responsible for this since it has affected the company. I’m willing to accept any penalty…” His face was filled with shame.Tina’s expression turned nastier. She immediately looked at Gareth and said, “I want to make a report against him, Mr. Wickam. He can’t distinguish between right and wrong or private and work matters. I followed the usual regulations to deal with the problem, but he ultimately fired me. I don’t think he’s fit to be the human resources manager.”Elisa’s delicate brows wrinkled slightly.She was obviously slightly annoyed by what was happening before her.She turned to look at Gareth and said calmly, “How are you going to deal with this, Mr. Wickam?”In an instant, everyone looked at him.They were clearly waiting for his response.Tina wanted to say something, but she was worried that Mr. Wickam would be displeased with her. She was highly anxious.As for Gareth, he looked at the crowd around them coldly. “Elisa is the person I chose. She speaks and acts on my behalf. Does anyone have any ions?”The human resources manager sighed in relief at once!He had groveled to the right person!By clinging on to Elisa, he could run wild in Wickam Group!He wanted to see who else would subdue him in the future!Especially the second-in-command!He was furious when he thought of that person.Meanwhile, Tina’s face turned pale in an instant! She shook her head disbelievingly. “But Mr. Wickam, she…”Gareth’s cold eyes turned to her at once. His sharp gaze made Tina’s heart tremble. She was so startled that she couldn’t finish what she had wanted to say.Elisa didn’t look at anyone as she turned to leave. She didn’t even look at Gareth.Everyone was flabbergasted!D*mn!Is Elisa that big a deal?She completely ignored Mr. Wickam. In any case, he was her superior!When Gareth noticed that Elisa had left, his face darkened at once.That d*mn woman!But he didn’t leave immediately. He looked at everyone coldly.“From today onward, if anyone questions Elisa’s orders, you may collect your salary at the finance department before leaving.”Tina was bewildered.Her eyes widened as she witnessed the
scene disbelievingly.But…Before she could defend herself, Gareth’s gaze suddenly fell on her.“You had better work outside of Bayswe.”Everyone was astonished.D*mn!Mr. Wickam wants her to leave Bayswe?Although Mr. Wickam didn’t say it directly, he was clearly implying that she would be shut out if she didn’t leave Bayswe! She wouldn’t be able to find a job for the rest of her life!Tina was dismayed.“Mr. Wickam…!”Gareth didn’t look at her. He turned and left.Tina’s expression was pasty, and she wasn’t being unreasonable as she had been before. She spoke with a terrified look.“It’s my fault, Mr. Wickam! It’s really my fault!” She was awfully anxious.But how would Gareth pay attention to her?The people around her mocked and ridiculed her. Some said disdainfully, “Pfft, where did your strong will from just now go? Since you wanted to make a scene, you should have made a bigger scene. You jumped into a pit so carelessly. How meaningless.”
###chapter728
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 728
Tina was still following Gareth, but she didn’t dare to actually chase after him. She didn’t want to give up, so she tailed him and watched as the two of them went into the same elevator…“Mr. Wickam…” She called to him unwillingly as if Gareth would hold the doors open for her. At that moment, everyone looked at her with various expressions.The human resources manager looked at Tina coldly and said in a low voice, “I hope you can make things clear to everyone about what happened today. Don’t make me say more than I need to. Otherwise, you understand full well Mr. Wickam’s personality.” After that, the manager didn’t look at her nor wait for her response as he left.Among the people who were standing around, those who disliked Tina sneered. “I was one of the employees you almost passed on. To be very honest, you really have a big problem. If you stay at Wickam Group, you will only ruin our reputation. A few friends who failed the interview said you were the most aggravating interviewer.”“You think it’s the normal procedure, but you ask such tricky questions. If you were faced with such questions, would you have been able to answer them? You can’t even do it, so on what grounds can you continue working at Wickam Group? Is it because you’re older and you have more experience?”The employee had been keeping it in for a long time. Previously, she was pretty incompetent and couldn’t go up against Tina. Now that Tina was dismissed, she finally had the nerve to say something…The employee had waited for a long time. Tina was finally getting retribution. Tina’s expression was nasty, and she immediately retorted, “Everything I insisted on is for the company’s sake! I wouldn’t have let your friend leave if she was suitable.”“Heh…”The employee sneered. “Everyone knows about the interviews and how poor your reputation is. If you’re trying to dispute this, you’re the only one who believes your lies. Do you think everyone has the same thoughts as you? If your way really works, why would Ms. Benett cut them out? Everyone knows about Mr. Wickam’s foresight. Who are you to refute Mr. Wickam’s choice? Are you as capable as him?”“That’s right! You have poor taste, but you’re still criticizing others. You’re just a jealous person. Leave Bayswe quickly! Remember that Mr. Wickam doesn’t want you to stay!”Those who disliked Tina spoke out against her. As for those who had wanted Elisa to fail, no one dared to say anything after Gareth appeared in
person. They were afraid they would be involved in the mess and would be finished if they were chased out of Bayswe by Mr. Wickam.“Alright, break it up. Don’t you all have work to do? Quickly return to your offices.” A manager said as she suddenly came out. Everyone lost interest and glanced at Tina before leaving.Only Tina was left standing foolishly on the spot. She was in a frenzy.The manager walked up to her with a thoughtful expression. “It’s not the end of the line yet.”Tina looked up at her instantly with a confused gaze.At that moment, there weren’t many people left. Only Tina heard what the manager said.The person before her was the sales manager, and they had never interacted much. Seeing that the sales manager had a meaningful expression on her face, Tina asked subconsciously, “Is there any other way?”
###chapter729
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 729
“Of course.” The sales manager curved her lips slowly. She was in her forties but kept up with her skincare routine and didn’t look her age.She was in work attire and had maintained her figure, but there was a prominent characteristic on the left side of her face. It was a small rose tattoo. No one knew why she wanted to get that tattoo on her face, but she was even more attractive for that. It wasn’t tacky at all.“What do you have in mind?” Tina stared straight at the woman before her. They had occasional interactions in the past, but they didn’t speak much daily. They would just nod at each other at most. But now, this woman was willing to come out and help her?This made her very confused and discontented. None of those she had expected to stand up for her, but a casual acquaintance was now helping her.Heh.How ironic.Just as she was waiting, the sales manager, Natalie Tucker, said calmly, “Plead.”Tina shook her head in exasperation and said bitterly, “How can I plead? I cried out to Mr. Wickam just now, but he ignored me. How can I meet him at will?”“Plead with Elisa, not Mr. Wickam.” Natalie’s expression was calm.But Tina’s expression changed in an instant. “You want me to beg her?”Natalie smiled and said with ease, “I can only give you such a suggestion. And you must know that if you can’t stay, you must leave Bayswe forever. What will happen to your husband and your children? Will you live separate lives, or do you want to move your family and leave this place?”Tina opened her mouth but was so startled that she couldn’t say anything. The complicated feelings in her eyes intensified, and she even started to regret it. Why did she take out her anger on Elisa? What capital does she have? Elisa has a different identity. How can she provoke Elisa and charge around like this? Has she come across some unclean things? Is she being possessed by evil spirits?At that moment, her imagination ran wild.Natalie continued, “This is now the only thing you can do. There’s no use pleading with her in private. You must plead with her in public or kneel to beg her. As long as she will help you look for Gareth and ask for leniency.”Tina was shocked.Her expression turned nasty, and she widened her eyes to look at Natalie. Although she didn’t say anything, she seemed to be asking, how can I kneel and beg that wench?!Natalie’s lips twitched, and she didn’t say anything. She turned and left.At that moment, only Tina and the receptionists were left in the empty lounge. The receptionists
were far away from her, and they ignored her.Tina was distraught, as though she didn’t know what to do.On the other end, only Gareth and Elisa were in the elevator.She had walked into the employee elevator.Gareth had a private elevator, but he followed Elisa even though the employee elevator was cramped.But…Since Gareth had gone into the elevator, no one else dared enter.Now, everyone was heading up. Elisa stopped the elevator on the first floor, but no one had the nerve to get in.Just as Elisa was about to get out of the elevator, Gareth suddenly pressed the button to close the doors. Elisa’s brows furrowed, and she turned to look at the person next to her. “What are you doing?”“To my office.” Gareth’s expression was dark and cloudy.
###chapter730
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 730
Elisa’s brows furrowed, but she didn’t say anything.She thought that it was about work. She followed him into his office. After Gareth shut the door, he looked at her coldly.Elisa was confused. She stood at her spot without moving and waited for his instructions. But Gareth walked to her and said coldly, “When are you going to stop messing with me?”“Messing with you?” Elisa was baffled. “Why are you saying something so strange?”She felt that she had never messed around with him before getting married until now.She just went along with the flow of life. While married, she had never fussed when Gareth was with Linda. After they divorced, there was no way she could mess with him.Looking at Elisa’s calm expression, seeming as though she was confused and thinking like he was the one who was being unreasonable, Gareth suddenly sneered. “You’re amazing.”Elisa was baffled.She knew that Gareth felt it was beneath him to explain or clarify.Something must have happened to make him think that she was playing around.But what was worth her messing around with?Thinking about it, she came to her senses and looked at Gareth. “You think I’m messing around by pushing out an outstanding employee?”Gareth was dumbstruck.The cold air around him intensified.Why is Elisa so incredibly stupid at times?Elisa thought she was right, so she said in a low voice, “Even though Tina is excellent, she always thinks she’s right. She insists on doing things her way. This doesn’t fit our upcoming projects. I’ve told her many times, but she’s very stubborn.” Moreover, she wasn’t the one who fired Tina.She didn’t explain this because everyone knew that the human resources manager didn’t have authority previously. Still, he could now come out and fire others. Everyone thought she supported him and was behind it.Seeing that Gareth’s face had darkened, she didn’t wait for him to say anything and continued, “You have no choice but to tolerate me for this project. You could only make her leave Wickam Group to stand up for me, but you’re actually furious, and you think I’m going up against you, don’t you?’Gareth’s expression seemed to have improved slightly, but what she said at the end made him laugh in his rage.“Yes. You’re so good at it!”They could never see eye to eye when they spoke.Elisa was rendered speechless.She was right.Elisa looked at Gareth calmly, but upon further inspection, there were traces of ridicule in her gaze.“I never imagined that I would work with you on this
project. I came over because you were the one who snatched this project. If you don’t want me to stay, you can terminate this project.”Elisa’s words were cold and calm.She didn’t seem like she said it in anger at all.And she wasn’t messing around.Gareth’s expression darkened.“Elisa Benett!”Gareth ground his teeth and spat out her name.Elisa furrowed her brows again. “Is there anything else?”Gareth laughed in his rage again. “You’re fearless. It’s the first time I see someone going above and beyond.”
###chapter731
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 731
Elisa was dumbfounded.She was at a loss for words at how Gareth was acting. Seeing that he didn’t have anything important to tell her, she said in a low voice, “You can think about the specifics yourself. I’m returning to my office to work. I’ll stop any time with just a word from you.”After she said that, she ignored him and turned to leave. But with his sharp eyes and agile hands, he grabbed her arm, not letting her go.Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly, and she turned to look at him. “What are you trying to do?”Gareth gritted his teeth. “Are you depending on the fact that I won’t terminate the project because I have my eye on this project’s profit?”Elisa laughed sarcastically at once. “Wickam Group is a big company and corporation. Why would you need such a small amount of money?”“That’s great. Amazing.” Gareth gripped Elisa’s arm tightly. He didn’t give her a chance to think about anything and pushed her onto the couch!Elisa sat in a daze and looked at the man leaning closer to her in confusion. “Who is messing around? Is it you or me?”Gareth suddenly held her down, and Elisa wasn’t as fast as he was. She raised her legs and attacked the man’s crucial region!But the man seemed to have to guess what she was about to do. Just as he avoided her quickly, he held down her legs without causing her any pain.Elisa’s expression turned terrible in an instant. “What are you trying to do?”Is Gareth mad? Why is he doing such baffling things?He suddenly sneered. “We’ve just been divorced for a while. Have you forgotten how much you used to love me?”Elisa’s heart seemed to have been pierced in a flash. The pain expanded gradually. It had taken her so much effort to stop wasting her days away by missing the man.She wouldn’t shed any more tears for him. She had let it go! And she didn’t want to think about the past!At the next moment, Elisa looked at the man and sneered. “If you’re ill, Mr. Wickam, you should see a doctor.”Gareth looked at her coldly. “That’s right. I must be ill. I must be going mad to be so tolerant of you!”Elisa was stupefied.“Am I hallucinating? Why am I hearing you say such words that are beyond comprehension?”He had never bothered to say anything to her. Even if he did, it would hit her sore spot.Is she daydreaming today?Gareth’s gaze was incredibly sharp. Elisa struggled restlessly, but she couldn’t push him away at all. Her hands grazed his firm chest.In that instant, both their bodies couldn’t help but shiver gently.Gareth’s eyes darkened instantly.Elisa’s brows
wrinkled slightly. She had never had much skin-to-skin contact with him. Even if the two of them had spent a night together, it had happened in a muddle.Even if she wasn’t a maiden any longer, she still didn’t know much.“Let’s talk about it properly, Mr. Wickam. With our current relationship, we shouldn’t be in such proximity, should we?” Elisa tried to say as calmly as she could. She was worried that she would agitate him if she spoke too firmly. It would be more disadvantageous for her that way.But… Gareth didn’t let go of her. Instead, he held her down and said coldly, “Perhaps I’ve let you go too easily, so you think too highly of yourself. I’ve given you the opportunity for a way out, but you don’t know how to use it. Don’t blame me for being merciless.”
###chapter732
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 732
Elisa’s brows furrowed tightly. She looked at the person before her coldly. Gareth is so peculiar. What does he mean by giving me the opportunity for a way out?And what happened between us that this man needs to give me a way out? Seeing Gareth’s sharp gaze directed coldly at her, Elisa’s patience was wavering. She finally asked in a low voice, “What on earth do you want?”At that point, Elisa was lying on the couch while Gareth was holding her down. She didn’t have the strength to struggle at all. The iciness in Gareth’s eyes grew. Seeing Elisa clueless, the fury in her heart bubbled for no reason and slowly rose. Even Gareth was surprised by it. Since when did a woman stir such emotions within him?This was not a good occurrence.But he couldn’t help but say coldly, “What do you think? Right now, the entire company is talking about us. Elisa, how many times have I asked you? Do you have a heart?”Elisa answered, “… What on earth are you trying to say?”At that moment, Elisa was perplexed. The impatience in her eyes intensified, and this infuriated the man.She watched him raise his hand, and just when she thought he was going to slap her, she heard…‘Bang!’Gareth punched the back of the chair that was next to Elisa violently.The sound was exceptionally piercing because it was right next to her.Elisa’s expression changed slightly. Seeing that the man was out of patience, she cried furiously, “Why are you acting like a madman?”At that moment, Elisa’s emotions seemed to have stirred.In the past, when she looked at Gareth, her expression was always exceptionally calm, as if he was a stranger. This annoyed him greatly. When she shouted at him, it made his expression soften ever so slightly.“I’ve told you more than once. Let’s remarry.”Elisa’s brows furrowed tightly at once. Is he ill? Does he not understand English?“It doesn’t matter how many times you’ve told me. I don’t want to remarry you. Haven’t I told you multiple times?”The two of them were now still in the same position. It was such an affectionate posture, and they were so close. Gareth only had to bend down slightly before he could kiss Elisa’s cherry-like lips, but they were saying such cold, heartless, and distant words.Elisa meant that nothing would ever happen between them for the rest of their lives.“Pfft.” Gareth’s laughter made Elisa’s brows furrow. She had her guard up unconsciously as she looked at the man before her.Upon looking at the man slowly lowering his head and seeing his handsome face
enlarge before her eyes, Elisa’s expression changed instantly. “What are you doing?”Gareth’s cold eyes stared at her, and the sharp lines on his attractive face were frightening. The next moment, she saw his thin lips part slightly and heard his cold voice in her ears. “With such a posture and distance between us, what do you think we can do? Must I do something before you know what to do?”Elisa’s pupils expanded at once. Without thinking, she lifted her hands and pushed against his chest. As she felt the man’s firm muscles, she was bashful and furious. But more than that, she was restless.The next moment, she cried fiercely at the man, “What you’re doing is illegal!”Gareth sneered at once. “Illegal? You can sue me.”After that, he didn’t give her a chance to react and took control of her soft and sensual cherry-like lips.
###chapter733
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 733
It was as though he had been longing for her lips for a long time.Gareth felt a rumble in his brain the moment their lips touched. Her familiar fragrance seemed to entirely and consciously attack his senses. He had smelled her scent before, so he didn’t repel it.Thomas, who had always been with him, knew about his habits. Gareth hated the scent of women’s outrageous perfumes, but Elisa had a natural fragrance that made him exceptionally comfortable. He could hear Elisa’s sudden and hurried breathing in his ears.He knew that Elisa wasn’t aroused, but rather her first reaction as she was panicked, fearful, and livid.At this time, Elisa raised her hands to push the man away.But Gareth grabbed her hands with his sharp eyes and nimble hands. Elisa didn’t have the chance to struggle. She was skilled in self- defense but was weak after being held down by this man.Elisa’s expression instantly paled. This made her feel incredibly humiliated. Gareth had done this deliberately.At that moment, she was about to go mad from her fury!But the man was holding down her arms on her sides. She couldn’t struggle at all.Elisa immediately turned around but realized that she didn’t shake him off. His lips followed hers.“Gareth Wickam! You…!” B*stard!“Mmph…”Before Elisa could finish chiding him, the man suddenly seized her lips. She had opened her mouth to speak, giving Gareth an opportunity.Elisa couldn’t close her lips in time when the man breached her defenses. The man willfully unleashed a storm on her lips. She looked at him, incensed. Her hands and feet struggled with all their might, but Gareth didn’t give her a way out. Elisa turned her head again, and Gareth lost his patience. He kissed her delicate neck instead.At that moment, Gareth hadn’t realized it. He had only wanted to punish this woman, but now, it was a subconscious action. He wanted her urgently!“Lunatic! Wake up, Gareth! Do you know what you’re doing?”Gareth’s lips were still on Elisa’s fair, tender, and delicate neck. He was moving incessantly, completely ignoring her.Elisa couldn’t avoid him no matter what, and she panicked. She gritted her teeth and said, “What did you say back then? You said that anyone who fell in love with me was an idiot. Only a fool would want to lay a hand on me. Look at what you’re doing!”Gareth stopped abruptly.The possessiveness deep in his eyes grew more assertive, but he sobered up slightly at the woman’s words.At the next moment, he suddenly laughed lightly.His laughter was soft and
gentle. It wasn’t consistent with his sharp gaze and powerful air.Elisa’s body suddenly stiffened. Her heart was flurried and thumped furiously.What on earth is Gareth doing? Why is he doing this?!He didn’t answer her. Just as she was about to say something else, Gareth suddenly put her hands together and held them with one hand. His other hand swiftly gripped the back of her head, and he kissed her lips again.Elisa was stunned!The humiliation in her heart made her livid beyond words. She screamed out loud, “Let go of me, scum of the earth!”
###chapter734
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 734
Gareth’s expression darkened. This wasn’t the first time that Elisa had berated him. His desire to punish the woman grew stronger.When Elisa opened her lips this time, the man took them captive again. “This is what you get for being disobedient, Elisa.”After he said it, he deepened his kiss. The man held Elisa’s head, and she couldn’t fight back. In the next instant, Gareth pulled his hand back abruptly, and his hand made its way into her lapel. Elisa was flabbergasted!As the man’s bony fingers suddenly touched her lower abdomen without restraint, Elisa’s body shivered violently in an instant. Her face paled abruptly.At that moment, she suddenly stopped struggling, and her voice trembled. “Gareth, you really know how to humiliate me.”The man was still kissing her, and her voice was muffled, but Gareth heard every word she said. In that instant, he stopped and looked at her subconsciously.When he saw Elisa’s pale and desolate face, his body froze.At that moment, he sobered up entirely, and his expression changed.What is he doing?!He immediately let her go. How could he have been infuriated by this woman beyond reason?Just as he was staring blankly, he heard…‘Pitter’What is that sound?He immediately looked at Elisa and noticed that tears were flowing from the corners of her eyes.‘Patter’He heard it again. Elisa’s tears fell on the couch, but he didn’t know why he heard it so clearly. It was so piercing.She…Is crying.It had been a long time since he had seen her cry.She was tough and wouldn’t cry until a certain point, but this time… He had only kissed her. Why did she have such an adverse reaction?In an instant, Gareth was uneasy. He suddenly got up and tore off his necktie.Elisa was freed, and she got up at once. She immediately raised her head and tried to stop her tears from rolling down.Her clothes were still neat. Gareth hadn’t gone overboard.She got up and didn’t want to say anything to the man. She tried to walk out, but Gareth grabbed her arm again.Elisa’s expression changed drastically. She looked at him, enraged. “What else do you want?”Gareth pursed his thin lips tightly and looked at her coldly. “Do you hate me so much? Are you crying just because I touched you?”Elisa laughed scornfully at once. She quickly wiped away a fresh wave of tears and said coldly, “Who hates who? You clearly thought touching me was nauseating, so I never imagined you would endure nausea to humiliate me. I never knew that your tolerance and willpower could be so
strong.”Gareth’s frosty face grew colder at that moment. The powerful air around him slowly turned icy, and it was as though the temperature in the room was subzero.Elisa suddenly exerted force and broke free from him when he was unaware. She didn’t want to look at such a strange man any longer. She quickly left in her heels.This time, Gareth sat on the couch and didn’t chase after her.But… when the door was open, a female secretary passed by and saw Elisa rush out quickly with a pale expression. In the split second before the door was closed, she also saw Gareth’s dark face and necktie that had been torn off.In an instant, the female secretary’s expression was complicated.After finishing her work, she immediately returned to the secretarial office. With a peculiar look, she said, “I just…!”
###chapter735
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 735
She suddenly stopped, and there was a complicated expression on her face. She started talking but stopped, looking a little afraid. All her emotions were shown on her face, and she was conflicted.The other secretaries were evidently curious about her expression. “What’s wrong with you? Why aren’t you saying anything?”There was still a stack of files in her hands. She raised her right hand and tucked her hair behind her ears before saying slightly awkwardly, “I think I just… saw something that I shouldn’t have…” Her actions had already piqued everyone’s curiosity, but what she said made them more inquisitive. Someone couldn’t help but ask, “What happened?”The male secretary in the office laughed. “Something you shouldn’t have seen is our topic of idle conversation.”“Tell us, quick. What on earth happened? We all work together and have such great relationships with each other. Who would rat you out?” Another younger female secretary couldn’t help but persuade her.After all, the person who had to keep the secret had it the hardest.While those who wanted to listen to gossip had no burdens.When all was said and done, they didn’t spread it.Everyone else started convincing her.The female secretary really wanted to talk about it. As everyone persuaded her, she couldn’t help but spill the beans.“I just… passed by Mr. Wickam’s door and saw Ms. Benett with a pale face. Her clothes were slightly wrinkled as well. The door had been open, and I saw that Mr. Wickam’s necktie had been torn off. His face was dark, and his gaze was terrifying…”Everyone couldn’t help but visualize the scene as soon as she said it. The astonishment in their eyes grew. “D*mn… Don’t tell me that Ms. Benett still has feelings for Mr. Wickam. It couldn’t be that she’s getting close to Mr. Wickam so she can force herself onto…”The lips of a male secretary at the side twitched. “You’re overthinking it. It’s evident that Elisa doesn’t want to get too close to Mr. Wickam now.”“I used to think so too, but how do you explain what happened?”“What if Mr. Wickam forced Ms. Benett?”A female secretary shook her head at once. “It’s impossible! How could Mr. Wickam take the initiative? He’s so cold and dignified…”Before she could finish, someone interrupted her in exasperation. “Stop!”She was dumbstruck.What she was saying was obviously the truth!“We know you worship Mr. Wickam, but we must judge the matter ively. In that situation, I feel like Mr. Wickam took the initiative. Can’t you guess after what happened downstairs
today?”“No. I think there’s no way that Mr. Wickam could do such a thing. He defended Ms. Benett because of Old Madam Wickam. Ms. Benett must not have given up! She must have wanted to force herself onto him. Wasn’t his necktie torn off? Mr. Wickam must have been furious and chased her away.”The female secretary described vividly, and she was slightly agitated. She wasn’t going to let others speak badly about Gareth.Some agreed with her, but others couldn’t help but retort.“This came from someone in our office. Don’t let this get out at all. Mr. Wickam dislikes blabbermouths. Otherwise, be careful of the consequences.”No one said anything because they knew it was the best thing to do.But… After that, everyone couldn’t help but talk about it again.One of the involved parties had already returned to her office.Seeing that her clothes were slightly wrinkled, she changed into another outfit she had ready.
###chapter736
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 736
She hadn’t completely calmed down when she returned to her desk and sat.She still couldn’t forget what had happened. And she didn’t understand why the man had gone insane!Elisa closed her eyes and took a deep breath in. She tried her best to restrain her feelings. She wanted to forget everything unpleasant that had just happened. Still, she would continue feeling upset if she just accepted it after Gareth had humiliated her.Elisa took a deep breath and raised her hands to massage her forehead.This wasn’t the first time Gareth had humiliated her. She wouldn’t put up with it anymore!When she thought about it, she took out her cell phone and called Gareth.He was startled and didn’t think that she would look for him. His face was dark as she answered the call.Before he could say anything, Elisa said, “I’m going to see Grandma tonight.”Gareth’s face sank abruptly. “What are you going to do?”Elisa immediately sneered. “You asked me to visit Grandma often. What do you mean, what am I going to do?”Gareth’s brows furrowed tightly. “Let’s go together after work.”Elisa didn’t say anything and ended the call.She knew Gareth was afraid she would tell on him, so he would go with her to see Grandma if she told him about it.This was what she wanted.Elisa was slightly on edge for the rest of the day. Even her work efficiency had somewhat decreased.But of course…This was what Elisa thought. To other people, even if she was on edge, she was much more efficient at work than them.Meanwhile, within the company…Rumors spread about Gareth and Elisa’s encounter.One secretary had told her entire office of secretaries. It was only natural that someone would open their big mouth and spread it. This led to… almost the entire company knowing about it.In the afternoon, many weren’t inclined to work much because they only wanted to gossip and speculate about the rights and wrongs between Elisa and Gareth.And so, it was time to leave work.It seemed like Gareth was worried that Elisa would leave earlier.So, he arrived at the door of Elisa’s office.Elisa had just opened the door when she saw the man standing there with a cold expression.She was dumbstruck.She had a complicated expression, but she didn’t say anything. She picked up her bag and walked out.She wanted to deal with him.But… when she saw him, she couldn’t help but think of what had happened in his office today.Upon seeing her walk ahead, Gareth didn’t say a word and followed her.Not all the
employees had left. They had baffled expressions when they noticed Elisa and Gareth walking one in front of the other. Some even secretly took pictures of the two figures for their friends.In an instant, a war was waged. But at the end of the day, this was internal company gossip. No one dared post on Twitter.On the way, Elisa and Gareth didn’t say a word as he drove.When they arrived at Wickam Manor, Elisa didn’t look at Gareth. She opened the car door and walked into the villa.When Mr. Jones saw that Elisa had arrived, a gentle smile was on his lips. “Hello, Ms. Benett.”Elisa smiled and nodded. “Hello, Mr. Jones.”Mr. Jones immediately stepped aside and said respectfully, “Please come in.”Elisa smiled again and didn’t say anything as she walked into the villa.Julia knew that Elisa was coming over. She sat on the couch joyfully and waved at Elisa.“Girl, come quick and sit next to me.”
###chapter737
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 737
Elisa walked forward with a smile as if nothing had happened in the day. She looked like she was in a good mood.Julia smiled and looked at Elisa, but when she realized that Gareth was behind Elisa, her brows furrowed, and the smile in the corner of her mouth lightened. The next moment, she couldn’t help but ask him, “Why are you here?”Upon closer inspection, one could hear the displeasure and resentment in her voice. Gareth was taken aback.The smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips deepened.She glanced at Gareth before looking at Julia and speaking softly.“I think his presence is a little unnecessary. Grandma, why don’t you get rid of him?”Julia was a little astonished. Elisa had never said such a thing to her before.Did the brat infuriate her obedient granddaughter?!Julia’s expression turned nasty in an instant.“You brat. Did you do something to Liz again?”Gareth was dumbstruck.Elisa’s lips curved slightly. She didn’t look at Gareth but held Julia’s hand and said softly, “Nothing happened, Grandma.”“Nothing?” Julia’s brows furrowed tightly. Liz had never spoken like that before. Something was clearly up!Gareth narrowed his eyes, and his gaze fell on Elisa. “Tell us. How could I bully you today?”‘How could I bully you?’Not ‘how did I bully you?’Julia’s gaze changed slightly. A complicated expression was intertwined within. There was a different meaning.When Julia thought about it, she looked at Elisa, whose face had turned slightly red. Julia was baffled, while Elisa was dumbfounded.Elisa looked at Gareth coldly as if warning him.He wasn’t in a hurry to talk about it either.But Julia grew curious and she looked at Elisa suspiciously. “Liz, what did he do to you?”Elisa was stumped.Gareth’s lips twitched, and although there was ridicule in his eyes, Thomas would realize that his boss was in a great mood if he was around.Elisa took a breath in and held Julia’s hand before saying in exasperation, “It’s not that. I’m slightly annoyed that people in the company are talking about us because of our past, so I feel slightly repulsed when I see him.”Gareth’s brows wrinkled slightly, and he walked to sit across from them. He didn’t say anything, and even though his face was dark, the air around him wasn’t as cold.Julia frowned at once. “Are there people talking nonsense again?”“Mm. There are.” Elisa nodded without hesitation.Gareth’s brows furrowed. He had heard about gossip in the company, but Elisa might have heard worse.Has she suffered a lot?When he thought about it, he
suddenly saw Elisa raise her eyes and look at him with a half-smile. His eyes flickered ever so slightly.Julia said slightly unhappily, “What did they say?”“They said…” Elisa sighed and shook her head in frustration. “It’s fine. I better not say, as it would only ruin the mood. I can just ignore what others say. I shouldn’t get angry or take my anger out on Gareth.”Gareth frowned slightly. Why did he feel that something was up?
###chapter738
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 738
“Tell me! Girl, I will take responsibility! I want to see who dares to ramble on! You can’t be wronged like this!” Julia’s voice was unyielding, and her eyes were cold. In the past, Grandma always had a warm air about her. Now, Elisa felt that Grandma had a frosty air around her.For a split second, Elisa was slightly astounded. Perhaps it was because she had never witnessed it, so she never thought that Grandma would also have such a demeanor.She thought that Grandma was just an old lady from a wealthy family and that she was just dignified and graceful. But now… Grandma had such an air about her.Elisa’s heart felt warm. She was quite moved by Julia’s words.After pausing briefly, Elisa sighed. “It’s alright, Grandma. After all, I can’t stop them from gossiping. They can talk about it however they want to.”“How can that be! Tell me about it. I want to hear what they’re saying!”Elisa’s eyes flashed, but she didn’t say anything. She seemed to be slightly conflicted.Gareth sized Elisa up. There was something strange about her today.She had never cared about what other people thought of her. Otherwise… she wouldn’t be so aloof after he had done so many things.But now, Julia was only concerned about defending Elisa. She didn’t care about anything else and only looked at Elisa while holding her hand. “Girl, tell me! What happened?”Elisa hesitated for a while before saying softly, “Rumors say I have an ulterior motive for coming to Wickam Group. They think I want to remarry Gareth, but the Wickam family is out of my league. They even said that Gareth doesn’t care about me and that he let me come to the company for your sake.” Julia was immediately in a towering rage. She slammed the coffee table.‘Bang!’Elisa’s expression changed, and she held Julia’s hand at once. When she looked at Julia’s palm, she realized it was slightly red. Before Elisa could say anything, Julia snarled, “What nonsense! How is he out of your league? It’s my grandson who is out of your league! He’s the one who doesn’t appreciate you!”Gareth was flabbergasted.He glanced at Julia’s palm and didn’t say anything when he noticed it was fine.Elisa immediately said, “Grandma, don’t get angry. Many people like to gossip.”Julia gritted her teeth. “Tell me! I want to know what else they’re saying!”Elisa coughed lightly and glanced at Gareth before finally saying in frustration, “They mean that with my current situation, I came to the company by groveling. They think I don’t know my limits and
can’t distinguish good from bad. They also say that I’m throwing my weight around, and Gareth only gave me certain authority for your sake. Furthermore, they say that I don’t know my worth and that I’m barking out commands recklessly, so they’ve been placing bets.”Julia was startled and gritted her teeth. “These rascals!”Gareth’s frown deepened. When did the company’s social order become so sloppy? Why didn’t Thomas tell him about any bets in the company?He took out his cell phone and sent Thomas a text message.Elisa lowered her eyes slightly and didn’t say a word.“What bets?” Gareth asked as he looked at her calmly.Julia raised her hand to hit her forehead before looking at Elisa. She said in a deep voice, “I forgot about it in my rage. Tell me. I want to know how these people placed their bets!”
###chapter739
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 739
Elisa pursed her lips and continued, “Some people said that Gareth couldn’t let me go, which was why he gave me supreme authority. Some also said that Gareth despises me and only treats me like this for your sake. There has been heated discussion from both sides because of this.”“So? What are they betting on?” Julia seemed to laugh in her rage. Elisa’s gaze trembled slightly. “Money and various difficult deals.”“They’re saying that I…” Traces of hurt and bewilderment flickered across Elisa’s eyes. “Sometimes I wonder if I’m a failure or if my past with Gareth was a mistake. Would they have talked less about me? Sometimes, they even talk about me openly. I…” A lost expression clearly streaked across Elisa’s eyes.At that moment, Gareth received a reply from Thomas.— Thomas: ‘I don’t know about this. I’ll get someone to check right away.’Gareth put his cell phone down and didn’t say anything.Elisa pursed her lips and continued, “They’re saying I’m an incompetent and unreasonable empty vase. They’re also saying that Wickam Group would be destroyed in my hands sooner or later and that I’m the evildoer in Wickam Group. Someone testified for me, but the rest sneered and said that if I were competent, I would do such and such. They also said that if Gareth wasn’t doing it for your sake, Grandma, they would do so and so.”“These people!”Elisa laughed bitterly. “Yes. I never thought that these people would be so bored. They even say that Gareth doesn’t care about me at all. If he did, he would personally pick roses for me.”Pick roses? Gareth’s deep gaze suddenly fell on her. What on earth is Elisa doing?Julia was slightly astounded. “Pick roses?”Elisa sighed in exasperation. “Yes. I was impulsive, and I actually had a delusion that I could hold my head high if Gareth picked roses for me. Some people even said there are many roses in Wickam Manor’s backyard. If Gareth had a heart for me, he would pick nine hundred and ninety-nine roses for my sake.”Gareth’s thin lips suddenly curved slightly into a sarcastic smile.He knew that such a thing had not happened.Elisa is doing it on purpose!She wasn’t going to tell on him, and she wouldn’t tell Grandma what had happened between them.Elisa had deliberately mentioned to him that she was coming to see Grandma. She knew he would be afraid of her talking nonsense, so he would tag along. He did exactly what she wanted.呵。 Heh.Nine hundred and ninety-nine roses.Elisa is imaginative.“Nine hundred and ninety-nine roses?”
Julia was confused, and her voice unconsciously rose a few octaves. From the looks of it, she seemed to be put in a slightly tricky position.Elisa shook her head in frustration. “This is why I didn’t really want to say anything. I’ve unwittingly brought up negative feelings and projected my anger on him. Grandma, take this as a joke and forget it.”“A joke?” Julia immediately smiled as if very expectant. “How can I take this as a joke? We have nine hundred and ninety-nine roses in our backyard! He can pick the roses now! Liz, take a video of him and show everyone tomorrow!”Elisa instantly felt slightly embarrassed. Seeing Gareth’s unbelievably dark face, she said slightly awkwardly, “Huh…? That won’t do, Grandma.”
###chapter740
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 740
Gareth laughed in his rage. “That won’t do?”Isn’t this what she wants? Didn’t Elisa come here today for this reason?Elisa’s gaze fell on Gareth, and she didn’t have the embarrassment of being caught. In fact, she nodded at Gareth naturally. “Will this do? How would you humble yourself and pick nine hundred and ninety-nine roses for my sake? You might pick one or two roses reluctantly, but nine hundred and ninety-nine roses are too much.”Gareth ground his teeth. Elisa made him laugh in his rage again.“How is it too much? Isn’t it just nine hundred and ninety-nine roses? Just treat it like a workout. Go and do it now, you brat!”Elisa bent her head down slightly and didn’t say anything. She had come because of this today. Since Gareth had the nerve to torment her, he had to bear the consequences.Gareth’s face darkened, and he didn’t say a word. He didn’t intend to move at all.Upon seeing him, Julia’s face fell. “What do you mean? You don’t want to do it? Liz has been the topic of everyone’s discussion because of you. Do you have a conscience?”Gareth’s expression was particularly terrifying. “Elisa is lying. There’s no such thing.”“You’re avoiding it! Will Liz lie? Hasn’t she suffered enough for the past few years? Go and do it as compensation to her!” Julia’s attitude was unyielding. She wouldn’t give up if Gareth didn’t go.And she didn’t believe a word Gareth said.Gareth was blown away.A trace of ridicule flickered across Elisa’s eyes, but her heart felt warm because Grandma was always helping her. How could she not feel thankful?As for Gareth, he was in a foul mood. Before he could say anything, Elisa looked at Julia and spoke with a gentle smile.“I don’t want to trouble him, Grandma. It’s only natural that Gareth is unwilling to do these things, and I can’t subject him to such injustice. Those at the company can discuss it as much as they want. At least I haven’t lived in vain by being the topic of idle conversation. After all, some people don’t even make it as the subject of worthless chatter.” There was a sad smile on the corner of Elisa’s lips.She looked exceptionally woeful with such an expression.Julia immediately held Elisa’s hand and her attitude was more resolute than before.“This won’t do! You have to go if I say so! You brat, are you going or not?” Julia looked at Gareth with slightly red eyes. He didn’t know if it was because of her rage or her resolve.Gareth’s expression changed slightly. When Grandma was like that, she wouldn’t give up. If he
didn’t do it, Grandma would be ill from her rage.Gareth’s sharp gaze was instantly directed at Elisa. Even if he didn’t say a word, Elisa understood his expression.He must have been saying, ‘are you happy that things have gotten this far?’Elisa replied with a smile, “There’s no need. I won’t force you to do anything you don’t like.”“Really?” Gareth suddenly smiled, but the iciness in his eyes was about to burst forth and flood the entire villa with frost.His tone sounded like he was asking a question. Upon further inspection, one would notice that it was cold and sharp.But Elisa was fearless. She nodded resolutely.“Yes.”“What do you mean by that?” Julia was displeased. At the same time, she looked at Gareth firmly, and her voice was harsh. “You brat, let me ask you one more time. Are you going to do it or not?”
###chapter741
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 741
Gareth was silent. He didn’t want to say a word. Not a single word.But with Grandma’s attitude, if he didn’t say anything, Grandma might turn ill any time. Elisa acted like she was about to say something, but Julia stopped her.“Don’t say anything, girl. I want to hear him tell me whether he’s going to do it!” Julia said the last few words as her gaze fell on Gareth’s face.Gareth pulled at his necktie impatiently. Elisa’s eyes flashed unconsciously when she saw it because she suddenly thought of how he had torn off his necktie in his office.At this time, Elisa suddenly turned away as if she didn’t dare to look at him any longer.After that, she heard Gareth’s restless and frustrated voice. “I’ll do it.”Elisa instantly looked at Gareth. Although her eyes were calm, her mocking yet triumphant expression could be seen. Gareth’s face turned dark and cloudy.Julia was immediately satisfied and pulled Elisa up. She grabbed his hand as she walked out and passed Gareth’s side. “Don’t delay. Go right now! Liz, go and record it in person!”Gareth was forced to stand up. Even though he could easily break free from Julia’s grasp, he was afraid he would accidentally hurt her.In the blink of an eye, he saw Elisa looking at him with a victorious smile in the corners of her mouth.Gareth gritted his teeth. Amazing. This woman is excellent!Elisa naturally knew that the scum-like man was about to go mad from rage, but he had done such a thing to her earlier in the day. This man deserved to be punished! These were the consequences of his actions! Just as Julia was pulling them along, they were brought to the sea of flowers in the backyard.There was a vast number of roses, and they were incredibly fresh. No one could look away. The servants here had painstakingly taken care of each flower. It looked even more perfect than from a flower shop.Elisa stood on the spot and didn’t move. She didn’t take out her cell phone, so Julia immediately spoke to her in bewilderment.“Girl, you have to record it. Otherwise, how can you restore your reputation? You have to send this to everyone in the company so they can see it.”Julia reminded Elisa again and again, but Julia had her own schemes. If Elisa and Gareth continued being affectionate, maybe there would be a show to witness. It would be beautiful if their broken mirror was joined together.She was now impatient for Gareth to pick the flowers.Elisa played along and nodded as she took her cell phone out of her bag.“Alright. I’ll start recording now.”She had just wanted
to punish Gareth, but it would be peculiar if she didn’t record it. Grandma would be suspicious.Meanwhile, Gareth stood on the spot, unmoving. This made Julia walk to him and punch him in the chest.“You brat. Why don’t you hurry up and start picking the roses? Do I have to pick the roses on your behalf?”Gareth was thunderstruck.Elisa couldn’t restrain her smile but obediently turned on her cell phone and adjusted the camera to video mode. As soon as her delicate fingers touched the screen, the recording time started running.The smile in the corner of Elisa’s eyes deepened. Scum of the earth! He deserves it!She wanted to personally witness the man pick all nine hundred and ninety- nine roses so he would understand the consequences of offending her!
###chapter742
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 742
Gareth naturally didn’t want to move, but he was no match for his grandmother, who kept forcing him. Julia had berated him a few times, and Gareth had no other way. He finally started to move.His long figure bent down slightly, and his bony fingers picked one rose. Julia’s mood lifted instantly, and she said happily, “Good luck, my darling grandson. You only have nine hundred and ninety-eight roses left!”Gareth and Elisa were both dumbstruck. Elisa’s hand that was holding onto her cell phone trembled. There was an uncontrollable smile on the corners of her lips.Grandma was very humorous. Elisa almost burst out laughing.Gareth continued picking roses in frustration.One rose. Two roses. Three roses. Four roses…Time passed, and Gareth was still picking roses. Although the sky was dark, lights illuminated the entire backyard brightly. The view from every corner could be seen clearly.Elisa’s hand that was holding the cell phone was slightly tired.But Gareth picked three hundred roses in a row and hadn’t broken a sweat. His breathing was regular, and he didn’t seem to have any problems.She turned around to look before placing her cell phone on a table in front of them. It could capture Gareth perfectly. At the very least, the cell phone wouldn’t have to be moved for the next two hundred roses that Gareth would pick.Julia kept staring at her grandson and would encourage him occasionally. Still, everything she said would infuriate Gareth to the point of spitting blood. Elisa couldn’t hold back and wanted to laugh.What Julia said next made Elisa unable to control herself as she burst out laughing. “Good boy. You’re much faster than your grandad. Back then, when he pursued me, he was slower than a snail at picking flowers, whining while doing it. You’re much more thoughtful than he was.”Elisa couldn’t hide the small traces of joy in her eyes. She was the thoughtful one, not Gareth.She felt that her plan was perfect.Gareth had a dark face. When he turned around, his gaze was fixed on Elisa’s beautiful face.It was as though he was seeing Elisa with such an innocent smile for the first time.The next moment, Gareth looked away. It was her innocent and genuine smile. She had done such an evil deed by making him pick flowers here. This d*mn woman!Gareth gritted his teeth and restrained his anger so he wouldn’t lose his temper.He had to give Elisa a way out in front of Grandma. It wasn’t for Elisa’s sake. It was so that Grandma wouldn’t worry.He was resigned to continue picking the
roses.After a while, the table at the side was covered in fresh roses.Even if this was Gareth’s first time doing manual labor, he didn’t seem like unskilled labor with his actions.Elisa turned to look at Julia. “Grandma, you must be tired after staring at him. Do you want to rest?”“No! I have to personally watch him pick all the flowers! This brat owes you this much! Picking nine hundred and ninety-nine roses is nothing! Moreover, this barely makes a dent in what he owes you!”Elisa couldn’t help but chuckle. “Grandma, there’s no need. Aren’t there security cameras here? You can check the recordings after this. Furthermore, I’ll be recording here.”Julia immediately said in a low voice, “No! I won’t leave! I must watch him until he’s done!”Gareth’s face darkened at once, but he didn’t say a word.
###chapter743
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 743
Julia was determined to stay.Elisa couldn’t persuade her and could only help the old lady sit down. The two sat together as they watched Gareth bustling around in the sea of flowers…The smile in the corner of Julia’s mouth deepened. “I’m quite pleased with this.” Gareth was stupefied.He lowered his eyes, and a grim smile flickered across his face. Since Elisa wanted roses, heh… He would give her roses.Just as Julia and Elisa were chatting and waiting, Gareth finally picked enough roses.He wasn’t the one keeping count. It was Julia.She would announce the amount after he picked ten roses.Julia might be old, but her mind was still sharp. She was more clear-headed than any ordinary person.Elisa wasn’t surprised that Gareth didn’t look tired at all.This man had always remained calm. Moreover, even though he was busy every day, he would never miss a workout. He had an incredible physique, and picking these roses was nothing for him.But Elisa didn’t want to tire him out as punishment. She wanted to humiliate him.So what if he thought that he was above everyone else? He still had to personally pick roses here for the person he despised and hated the most.The corners of Elisa’s lips curved slowly. Upon seeing Gareth’s cloudy face that was about to break into a storm, she couldn’t help but laugh lightly. “Thanks for picking the roses, Mr. Wickam.”Gareth glanced at her coldly but didn’t say anything as he turned to leave.Julia’s brows wrinkled. “You brat! What kind of attitude do you have? This is what you should be doing. You’re not allowed to have any complaints against Liz, do you understand?”Gareth didn’t say anything. The best way he could exercise patience was to not lose his temper. Elisa stared at his icy figure, and the corners of her lips curved slowly. “Grandma, this is good enough. At the very least, those in the company won’t talk about me anymore. When the time comes, I’ll show them proof.”“Ah… you’re so gracious!” Julia was slightly exasperated, but she couldn’t say too much.The two of them were silent for a while. Julia got up and looked at the roses on the table and the ground. She couldn’t help but ask, “What do you plan to do with these roses?”As soon as she said it, two female servants walked over together. One immediately said, “Old Madam Wickam, Mr. Wickam just instructed us to keep all these roses and not to waste them.”Elisa’s brows wrinkled slightly. She felt that something was strange.She had humiliated Gareth today. Was he thinking of a way to retaliate?
She didn’t say anything and looked at the two servants, but she knew she couldn’t tell anything from their faces. It was mainly because they didn’t know anything.Old Madam Wickam had a suspicious expression. “What does he want you to do with them?”“He wants us to put them away. We don’t know about the specifics…”Julia nodded. “Alright. Put them away.”The two female servants responded and started to pack.Julia held Elisa’s hand. “Girl, let’s go.”Elisa smiled and nodded. “Okay.”When the two returned to the villa, Elisa smiled and got up. “It’s late, Grandma. I should be leaving.”“Leaving? You haven’t had dinner. Why are you leaving? Have dinner first!” Julia’s eyes were filled with disapproval.When Elisa and Gareth arrived, they hadn’t eaten. After Elisa brought up the matter, Julia didn’t want her to feel wronged. Hence, Julia made her grandson work before dinner as a punishment.
###chapter744
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 744
Elisa’s eyes flashed slightly, and she nodded at once. “Alright. Let’s have dinner.”She had wanted to have dinner first, but Grandma disagreed. Elisa regretted it slightly. She was afraid that Grandma wouldn’t be in the mood to eat if she left, so she helped Old Madam Wickam to the dining room.But… as she raised her eyes, she saw Gareth sitting at the dining table calmly amidst the chaos. Elisa was stunned.Shouldn’t he have left in a huff?Is he going to eat dinner?He seems to be famished.Pfft.This man isn’t that strong, after all.She washed her hands and walked to the dining table before she smiled at the man. In a seemingly concerned tone, she said, “You must be exhausted, Mr. Wickam. I thought you were in great shape, but that’s not the case…?”The man didn’t do well with taunts, and here Elisa was, mocking him deliberately!Gareth’s face fell in an instant. He enunciated her name calmly. “Elisa Benett.”It seemed to be nothing, but it had a bone-chilling quality. It was as if there was a breeze indoors.A trace of a smile flickered across the corner of Elisa’s mouth. “It’s fine. You can eat if you’re hungry. We eat to live. This is a normal occurrence.”Gareth’s sharp eyes instantly glanced at Elisa. His gaze was as cutting as a knife. Anyone else wouldn’t have been able to hold their own because his face was unbelievably dark.Julia was slightly stunned. She never thought that Elisa would say such things.Hmm?It was as though something fishy was going on between the two of them.Liz will never pick on him in the past. What did this brat do to torment Liz?This wouldn’t do. Julia had to get people to make some inquiries. These two kids would never tell her. The smile in the corner of Elisa’s lips deepened upon seeing Gareth silent. “Thanks to you today, my reputation is restored at the company. But I have Grandma to thank as well. Without her, I’m sure you would be unwilling to do this. It’s my fault for forcing you to pick roses. Do unto others as you would have done unto yourself. Remember that, Mr. Wickam.”Gareth suddenly sneered. He turned to look at her. “Do unto others as you would have done unto yourself?”His deep voice was filled with frost.Elisa felt a chill on her spine, but in the next second, she smiled and nodded. “Yes.”For the rest of her life, she would never forget how this man had forced himself onto her!But since it was Gareth, and he was Old Madam Wickam’s grandson, she wouldn’t argue with him too much.Edgar sneered, and he didn’t say a word. Contempt was
intertwined between his slightly curved thin lips. It made others inexplicably feel that something was wrong.But Elisa couldn’t be bothered. She sat down and took food for Julia.“Eat up, Grandma. I’m sorry for holding up your dinner.”“It’s fine. I’m not that hungry. Come, let’s eat.”Gareth’s face was dark, and he didn’t say anything. He watched Julia and Elisa, who sat across from him but stayed silent and ate alone.The two of them laughed and chatted, treating Gareth like air.Elisa wasn’t planning on staying long after dinner. After all, it was getting late.She smiled at Julia and said, “I’ll be leaving, Grandma.”Gareth stood up without saying a word.Julia nodded immediately. “Alright. It’s late. Both of you should leave. Gareth, send Liz home.”Gareth didn’t say anything as he walked out.Elisa didn’t drive. Grandma would disapprove if she hailed a cab. She would personally watch Elisa get into Gareth’s car.In the end, Elisa didn’t say anything. When she walked out, Gareth was already in the driver’s seat. It was clear that he was waiting for her.
###chapter745
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 745
Worried that Elisa would change her mind, Julia quickly pulled her to Gareth’s car. She opened the door of the front passenger seat and coaxed, “Hurry in, girl.”Elisa obligated with a nod and got into the car. She looked at Julia, “Quickly go back, Grandma.” Julia responded with a smile and nodded as she said, “I’ll go in after you leave. Quickly fasten your seat belt.”Elisa put on the seat belt before Julia closed the car door with a hearty smile. Somehow, Julia had a gut feeling that Gareth and Elisa would make peace and get back together.Although Gareth had always been an obedient grandchild and did as he said, today, he had meticulously hand-picked an enormous bouquet of nine hundred and ninety- nine roses.It was unlikely for him to obligate even if she forced him. However, today he undertook the task rather delightfully.Gareth and Elisa had not the faintest idea what Julia was thinking. They hit the road as soon as Julia shut the front passenger seat for Elisa.Julia watched the receding car and beamed with satisfaction before entering the house.She saw Alphonse in the living room and frantically hailed him.“Alphonse, get someone to keep tabs on Garry and Liz in the company. Remember to keep it low and don’t get busted.”Mr. Jones acknowledged and immediately went off to manage the said task.Meanwhile, neither of them spoke. Gareth and Elisa were still in the car. The ambiance in the car was pensive and gloomy.A hint of hostility was slowly brewing in the air.Elisa kept her guard up. Her faith in this man had expired.The car cruised along the road.Gareth remained silent as if trying to ignore Elisa. Other people might have felt suffocated in a situation like this but not them. They felt at ease to be in gloomy silence. If there were other people in their presence, they would surely feel on edge within the cramped space Elisa and Gareth both occupied.About half an hour later, they arrived at Elisa’s house.Gareth remained deadpan, and Elisa wasn’t in the mood to talk to him either. She unfastened her seat belt and got out of his car.Gareth drove away as soon as Elisa closed the car door.Before Elisa could gaze at the man, he had already driven away and disappeared from her view.She withdrew her gaze and went into her house. That night, she had a serene sleep over the opportune moment to exact revenge on Gareth.On the following day at Wickam Manor.A commotion startled everyone in the courtyard.“Where are my roses!!!” Darren stood within a sea of roses and
yelled in distressed discovery.Of course, the sea of roses had turned into a void overnight.There were, however, still some more roses left in the shrubs.The mischance ruined Darren’s plan.Darren was exasperated beyond words.All the servants shuddered at Old Mr. Wickam’s wrath. One of the servants dreadfully walked up to him and told him about last night’s incident.“Mr. Gareth picked the roses.”Darren burrowed, “Why did he need so many roses? Why couldn’t he buy them from the florist? How dare he pick my precious roses!”The roses were his sweat and blood!Fury surged through Darren.Looking at the furious Darren, the servants were terrified, but they shouldn’t be blamed. They were innocent.None of the servants dared to respond to Darren.
###chapter746
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 746
Darren took the utter silence as confirmation that it was indeed Gareth’s work. He cursed irritably, “Son of a b*tch! How dare he!!!”Some of the servants stood aside quietly while others stealthily resumed their duty. Darren was hot under the collar. Immediately, he called Gareth and rebuked head-on when the call got through, “Brat, how dare you pick my roses? Those roses were for your grandma. Why didn’t you fu*king buy the roses from the florist?! And you ruined my rose shrubs! What are you going to do with those roses? You don’t even have a girlfriend! Why did you fu*king pick my roses, and it’s not even Valentine’s Day?!”Rage got the best of Old Mr.Wickam. He railed at Gareth at the top of his lungs. After lashing out at Gareth, Darren thought Gareth would explain himself, but to his surprise, there was no sound from the other side of the call.“Didn’t you hear what I said, brat!?”Darren’s tone was seething with acid even though he tried to stifle his bristling rage.Gareth uttered indifferently, “I’m in a meeting, and my phone is being cast on screen.”The entire conference room fell into awkward silence.The people in the meeting were caught in a daze after hearing Old Mr. Wickam’s words until Gareth’s voice nudged them back to their senses.They knew that Old Mr. Wickam was short-tempered, but hearing him spewing swear words still took them off their guard.But most importantly, they were surprised to know that Old Mr. Wickam planted roses for his wife.He was a romantic despite his old age. Didn’t the old man say he would never attempt to get on the good side of anyone? He also said men should never pamper women lest they would get spoilt by love. But his endeavor at pleasing his wife by planting roses for her was a slap on his proclamations.Not only that, but a piece of even more explosive news also enthralled the employees. Old Mr. Wickam berated Gareth for picking his roses from the courtyard without permission. According to him, Gareth took quite a substantial number of roses. Old Mr. Wickam was spot on. Gareth did not have a girlfriend, so why did he suddenly want to pluck the roses? Could the rumors be true?Did Gareth fall in love with Elisa? Was he trying to rekindle his romantic flame with Elisa?The people in the conference room looked bewildered. No one dared to say anything. They warily held their breaths, fearing they would rub Old Mr. Wickam and Gareth the wrong way.Old Mr. Wickam got even more furious when he heard that Gareth was in a meeting. He
scowled in exasperation.Son of a b*tch! This son of a bitch answers a phone call during a meeting?!This time, Old Mr. Wickam did not say a word and wanted to hang up the phone. But when he glanced past the eye sore in the courtyard, he gritted his teeth and grunted, “Come home immediately after the meeting!”After speaking his demands, Old Mr. Wickam hung up the phone, refraining from losing control any further only to wound up with more embarrassing behaviors.Meanwhile, Julia got shocked by the fiery clamor. She had no idea what happened until she chanced upon Old Mr. Wickam hanging up the phone.Out of concern, she asked, “What’s wrong? Why are you so upset?”Darren was grumpy. When he saw Julia, he could not help but rant, “Why did that brat pick my roses? Did he have nothing better to do!”She pried, unaware of the reason for Darren’s outburst of wrath, “What happened?”
###chapter747
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 747
“What happened!? I planted the roses with my own hands! That brat ruined all my efforts!”Darren was so enraged that he was about to go on a ranting spree. But Julia interrupted and asked in surprise, “You planted the roses yourself?”How did she miss out on this information? Darren gritted his teeth and said, “Of course, I planted it myself. Why would I lie to you about it? What’s the point?!”Julia gaped in astonishment.“When did you plant it? How come I did not know?”Darren pulled a long face and wasn’t in the mood to explain to Julia. He poured out furiously, “Why did that brat pick my flowers!”He planted the roses with meticulous care and affection.He intended to shape the rose shrubs in a heart shape with a specific number of roses for Valentine’s Day. It would be a shocking surprise, but Gareth fortuitously ruined his plan. How could he not be angry?Julia ignored his ranting and probed, “When did you plant these roses? Why didn’t I know about that?”“Of course you didn’t know.”Darren deliberately hid it from Julia from the get-go and did not tell anyone about it. He even ensured nobody saw him plant the roses.But now?!Now!Now!!!His effort had gone down the drain!“What’s wrong with Gareth? Why did he pick my roses?!”Julia was touched and pleasantly surprised at his romantic attempt. She couldn’t help but stare at him.“Old man, did you mean to surprise me? But even if you told me about it, it would still be a surprise!” “How can it be the same?!” Darren blushed and disputed.Despite being furious, Darren was reluctant to admit his intention.Julia beamed and walked up to Darren. She held his arm and comforted him, “Gareth is not an outsider. He’s our grandson. He picked your roses for a reason. Let’s go in and talk about it. Look at you; why are you so upset? Forget about all the romantic stunts. We’ve been a married couple for decades.”To Julia, seeing the young ones well and happy was all she wanted. But Julia didn’t say anything because she knew Darren wasn’t fond of Elisa.“Then why did he pick the roses?” Darren was still confused.Julia pulled a straight face. The media would publicize it, and eventually, Darren would come to know about it anyway. Since he had been relentlessly asking for a reason, why not just tell him straight away?Julia divulged softly, “Because our grandson is in love with someone.”Darren got excited and asked with anticipation, “Who is it? Is it the daughter of the Tabor family?”His eyes were glistening with hope. It was apparent that he would rest his case if it were
for Nicole, for which Gareth picked his roses.But Julia cringed at the name, and all her tactile affections vanished in a blink of an eye.“Why do you only care about that girl from the Tabor family?” Julia was unhappy.Darren could sense that something was wrong. His heart sank to the bottom. “If it’s not for that girl from the Tabor family, then who is it for!”Julia also lost her temper, “Why do you care?!”
###chapter748
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 748
Darren was startled by her outburst. “I’m just asking. Why are you getting angry all of a sudden?”Julia snorted coldly, “Why did you get upset at Gareth for picking your roses? He’s our grandson, not an outsider!” Darren noticed his wife was unwilling to tell him who the girl was, so he put a rest on his queries and decided to find out from the servants instead.But… he was still upset! His efforts had all gone to waste!He momentarily went out to run errands. Look at what had become of his rose shrubs now!How can he not be upset?!On the other hand, Julia couldn’t help but think about what had happened yesterday.Although Elisa had filmed a video, she might not publish it. Julia doubted anyone could make any evidence out of the video. The public would still persecute the girl.She did not wish to see her granddaughter get ridiculed. Perhaps… she should help Elisa?Thinking of this, Julia decided to take the matter into her hands!She did not care about Darren anymore. She went back to her room and started roping in help.At Wickam Group.At the same time as Julia found her resolve, Elisa was still working in the office.Little did she know her world was going to upend!She was caught in a daze until her vibrating phone jolted her back to reality.She answered the call. It was Rachel.“What’s up?”“Something happened! Are you free now?” Rachel could not contain her excitement. She couldn’t help but interrupt Elisa even though she knew that Elisa was at work.Elisa raised her eyebrow, “Why are you so excited? Are you getting married?”“Nah! It’s not about me! I bet someone is getting restless!?” Rachel teased with insinuation. Her prankish humor befuddled Elisa. “What happened?”“Guess what? You are on the trending topics again, my dear!”Elisa didn’t understand what Rachel meant.Rachel didn’t clarify her confusion but carried on and said, “I think you may as well start a career in the entertainment industry. I bet those celebrities must be super jealous of you over the attention you’re getting from the media.”Elisa was still largely confused.She logged on to Twitter.Rachel teased, “Look! Did you see that, my dear?”Elisa replied nonchalantly, “I’m checking Twitter.”Rachel couldn’t hold her curiosity anymore. She probed, “Can you tell me… what happened? This… how did that happen…?”She intended to keep Elisa in limbo and wanted her to find out what happened herself, but she was getting impatient to know the outcome.At this moment, Elisa logged on to her Twitter and
came across the trending searches.One of the recent hot topics was about Gareth’s grandma making an announcement.Elisa was confused.She ignored Rachel’s probing and clicked on the subject immediately.Elisa could not wait to know what was happening.But…She got disoriented when a surveillance video popped out on her screen.Did Wickam Manor’s surveillance system and Grandma’s Twitter get hacked?But… she was stunned by Grandma’s tweet.What was going on?“Did you see that?”Elisa hummed as her eyes flickered with nuance emotions.Rachel couldn’t contain herself anymore. She implored, “Please tell me! Why!! Why did he pick roses for you?!”Elisa just twitched her lips, “Do you actually believe that?”
###chapter749
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 749
Elisa fobbed Rachel off.After all, it was her payback. But she didn’t want to tell Rachel why she exacted revenge on Gareth as it was embarrassing. Despite her wishes, she still did not enjoy being teased for a misunderstanding. Rachel didn’t second guess Elisa. Yet, she uttered in bewilderment, “Then… why did he do that? There were three of you in the video. Although it has no sound, he looked busy picking the roses.”“Nothing out of the ordinary. It’s just because Grandma wants us to reconcile.” At that moment, Elisa could only tell Rachel it was grandma’s wish. Actually…Grandma intended to repair her bad reputation, but little did she know that it was Elisa’s doing that she reaped a bad reputation.Elisa couldn’t explain to Rachel extensively.Rachel furrowed her eyebrows, “But something seems off here?”Elisa kept quiet.Rachel said again, “Why did Gareth agree to pick roses for you?”Elisa faked a chuckle, “How do you know he picked those roses for me and not someone else? Grandma’s narrative is misleading. Those roses belong to Grandpa and Grandma. They especially asked people to plant the roses in Wickam Manor.”“Sounds legit…” Rachel sensed that Elisa’s explanation was dubious, but she also thought Elisa was right.Elisa reminded Rachel, “Stop subscribing to scandals and rumors like this. They are baseless and a sheer fabrication of the truth.”Rachel hummed and said nothing else.Satisfied with Rachel’s discontinued inquiries, Elisa smiled and said, “I still have work to do. Come to my house tonight, and I’ll make something for you to eat.”“Wow! Seriously?!”“You bet.” Rachel was thrilled!Rachel loved Elisa’s cooking. She would never get sick of eating Elisa’s cooking!She responded, “Okay! Then you quickly get back to work. Don’t work overtime, okay?! I’ll get the ingredients and pick you up at night!!”Elisa curved her lips skyward, “Okay, I shall get back to work. Stop skipping work and get to the bottom of those cases.”“Alright. Alright. I know! Go get busy, my chef!”“Mhm.”Elisa smiled and hung up the phone.But she couldn’t help but glance at Julia’s tweet again.Julia noted in her tweet, ‘My precious Liz loves the nine hundred and ninety-nine hand-picked roses from a special someone! As their grandmother, I’m so glad and envious of their love.’She didn’t mention anything wrong about anyone but told the whole world that Gareth had personally picked roses for her. She also insinuated that the two of them might get back together.Elisa sighed while helplessly pressing her temples.The truth was
Elisa wanted to teach Gareth a lesson for neglecting her feelings. She wanted to remind that man to walk in her shoes and think about her feelings before he attempted anything.But, oh well…Grandma deliberately posted the incident on the internet. She couldn’t block Grandma’s Twitter because it would make the situation worse and also because she didn’t want to hurt Grandma’s heart.Elisa felt annoyed and a tad regretful. She shouldn’t have sought Grandma’s help to punish Gareth.Elisa rested her arms on the table with a hand holding a pen.After she had calmed down, she continued with her work.But……Like Murphy’s Law, worrying about things that might never happen increases the chances of happening.And one trouble followed another.
###chapter750
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 750
Elisa was preoccupied with work. She hadn’t an idea what was awaiting her after work.As for Old Mr. Wickam. When he heard that his wife was the source of a trending topic on Twitter, having little to no knowledge about social media, he decided to go on Twitter for the first time and see for himself.Subsequently, Darren got flustered after reading Julia’s tweet. The roses were the hard work that he specially prepared for Julia!!!In the end, Gareth appropriated his efforts and gifted them to someone else!!!The roses were his blood and sweat! He was going to surprise his wife with roses!But that brat, Gareth!! Fu*ker!! Son of a b*tch!!!How……A rude awakening struck Darren. Did Gareth give his roses to Elisa!?What the heck?!Darren seethed and directly called Gareth.Before the latter could speak, he bellowed, “What has gotten into you?! Why did you give my roses away to Elisa?!”Gareth, meanwhile, did not appear fazed in the slightest. He didn’t deny it but said indifferently, “What’s the problem?”“What’s the problem!?” Gareth’s condescending attitude set Darren ballistic.Gareth didn’t make a sound.Darren rebuked, “What the f*ck is wrong with you?! You and Elisa have divorced!! Yet you still bothered to pick roses for her?! You’re digging your own grave!”Gareth explained collectedly, “Will Darcey and Carle Samoa are chasing Elisa. Do you know why?”“Carle Samoa and Elisa grew up together. It’s normal that they have feelings for each other. Will Darcey is a playboy and also your biggest business rival. He probably wants to use Elisa to piss you off! Do you think she’s a trophy? Is that the reason you want her back?” “Will Darcey is not a playboy.” Gareth pointed out calmly.Darren barked, “What has it got to do with you then?”Gareth didn’t bother to talk to Darren anymore and shunned, “Is there anything else you want to tell me?”Gareth’s perfunctory attitude pissed Darren off even further. “I planted the roses for your grandma!!!”Gareth didn’t say anything.He could tell that his grandfather felt awkward telling him that. Scolding Gareth for giving his roses to Elisa was just an excuse for him to make this call.Gareth was taken aback. He knew his grandfather was old-fashioned and stubborn. Although he loved grandma, his ego forbade him to show his affection directly to grandma. It never occurred to Gareth that his grandfather would plant flowers for grandma.In the end, Gareth ruined his effort and plan! Of course, Darren deserved to be upset!After a pause, Gareth
responded, “I didn’t know that.”He didn’t bother to explain himself any further and stopped at that.Darren bit his teeth and roared, “You better watch out, F*cker!! I’m not done with this yet!!”Then, Darren ended the call.Meanwhile, he sat on the sofa, flustered.But when he thought of what Gareth had said just now, he couldn’t help but frown a little.What is so special about Elisa?!…The entire world learned about the scandalous incident on Twitter.And Carle… saw the tweet too.He was heartbroken.Elisa and Gareth were still in contact.On the night of his car accident, Carle remembered that Elisa told him she liked Will.But now…why did she get tangled with Gareth again?
###chapter751
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 751
Elisa was never his to begin with. It was Carle who refused to accept the truth.Carle tried to forget about Elisa ever since Sheena came and talked to him. He refrained from seeing Elisa and wondered if she would take the initiative to meet him. Perhaps, Sheena had misinterpreted Elisa’s love signals.If Elisa came to him, he could use this opportunity to prove Sheena wrong. But…Elisa hadn’t sought him at all these times. On the contrary, their relationship had deteriorated for a specific reason.Carle was heartbroken. He began to ponder if he should stop pining for Elisa.He was in a dilemma…But now, after seeing the news, he knew it was time for him to let go.Let her go…Thinking about it, Carle steeled himself and gave Elisa a call.On the other hand, Elisa was about to get back to work after a break.She picked up the phone as it rang and saw Carle’s name on the screen.She wasn’t surprised to receive his call. She knew he had wanted to talk to her.Although reluctant, she still answered the call.“Hey, Carle.”“What are you doing?” Carle’s asked gently.Hearing Carle’s voice, she realized that they hadn’t talked for a long time.Elisa felt guilty for shunning him, but at the same time, she felt relieved and peaceful when she was spared of his presence. Whenever Carle came to her, she would feel stressed for no apparent reason. But she didn’t tell him that, lest she hurt his feelings.Elisa responded promptly, “I’m at work. What about you?”Carle could return to his office and work as usual since his injury in the head had healed.Carle beamed a smile and said, “Well, I’ve just finished a meeting.” He lied. There were no meetings today. In fact, he had been cooping in his office all day. He lied to suggest that he had not followed the sensational news on Twitter.Meanwhile, Elisa wondered if Carle knew about the tweet.But……She didn’t intend to explain herself.As for Carle, who was at his last straw of faith, he was still wistfully hoping for a miracle.He hoped Elisa cared about him enough to confide in him about the rose incident. He would rather believe that she had not been in contact with him because of her busy work schedule and not because she was avoiding him.He clutched the phone anticipating Elisa’s response with his heart in his mouth.Elisa said noncommittedly, “I see.”She didn’t know what else to say anymore.But Carle was waiting for her explanation anxiously, only for her to shrug off his anticipation.In that instant, Carle felt a stab through his heart.Indeed.He didn’t matter to Elisa. She only
agreed to be in a relationship with him initially because she was afraid that he wouldn’t pull through the coma.She chose to stick around in this relationship because she didn’t want to break his heart and trigger his injury.Carle let out a bitter smile. He was too na?ve and overconfident.He thought his effort had paid off, and Elisa had finally agreed to be his girlfriend.But in the end, his devotion turned out to be a waste. He was nothing but a joke.Everyone knew what was going on, except for him, who foolishly believed that he had finally changed Elisa’s heart and that she had fallen in love with him.At that moment, he felt his soul vacate from his flesh. But on the outside, he put up a collected front and said, “Liz…”
###chapter752
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 752
Elisa’s eyes flickered with complex emotions. She knew that Carle had seen the tweet.Carle must be feeling very disappointed right now. Yet……She didn’t know what to say to him. It would give him false hope if she tried to explain or defend herself. But if she didn’t, she would feel bad for breaking his heart.When Elisa was at a loss, Carle stifled the air and said, “Actually, I know you agreed to be my girlfriend because you were afraid that I wouldn’t wake up from the coma.”Elisa was taken aback. “Carle, you…”Carle sneered. He was choked with sorrow and self-pity.“Liz, I have kinda figured it out myself. But I love you too much and refuse to accept the truth. I thought as long as I don’t point it out and stop thinking about it, you’ll open up to me one day.”Elisa pursed her lips and couldn’t bring herself to say anything to him. She reckoned this was just the tip of an iceberg; Carle had not fully poured himself yet.She wanted to hear what was in his heart.Had he moved on or..Elisa didn’t dare to assume the undesirable outcome.Carle took a deep breath and suppressed the burgeoning bitterness in his heart. He regarded Elisa as his life and soul. Losing her was like killing him.He had considered the thought before. He would have given up the will to live if it wasn’t for Elisa fervently motivating him to wake up from a coma.God knew how lonely and hopeless he was at the time. He had lost the desire to live. He wanted to call it quits.But… Liz.She was his everything. His heart and soul yearned to be with her. Carle drew another deep breath and said softly, “But after what happened, I realized I’ve been living in my own bubble. Liz, you have always regarded me as your best friend or, in your word, a brother. I guess the two of us… that’s our fate.”Elisa’s brow furrowed as her lips turned grim. She clenched her phone and didn’t know what else to say.After all, she had deceived him. She had kept him in the dark and played with his feelings all this time.Elisa squeezed a word through her teeth, “Carle, I…”“Liz, you don’t need to say anything. I know. I know everything.” Before Elisa could finish her sentence, Carle intervened.Elisa sighed helplessly. Then, Carle spoke again.“I know you didn’t mean it; you would never harm me intentionally. I was never angry with you, Liz. And I will never be angry with you. You are the woman I love and treasure the most. But, hereafter, I will not force you to reciprocate my love. You have my blessing to pursue your dream.”Elisa was speechless.Carle flashed a wry smile,
“Actually, Sheen was right. Loving you doesn’t mean I have to own you. It’s selfish for me to insist you stay in this relationship. I may have been selfish before, but I will always be your guardian angel after this. I will not pressure you to do things that you don’t like. Can we go back to being best friends like we used to?”“Carle…”Carle was scared that Elisa would say no, so he interrupted her again, “Promise me, Liz. Don’t leave me, okay? Don’t alienate me. I won’t bug you like how I’ve been doing in the past. We can go back to how we used to be.”
###chapter753
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 753
“Carle, you don’t have to do this. You don’t need to be my guardian angel.” Elisa could finally finish what she wanted to say, “You must go on and live your own life. Otherwise, you would lose your purpose in life.”She meant to say it would be a waste of his time and life purpose to be her guardian angel. But she worried that Carle might misinterpret her meaning.Yet, Carle still misinterpreted her words. His breathing started to quicken, and his voice was croaky, “Liz, are you not willing to befriend me? I will stop bugging you. We can go back to how we used to be.” Elisa was alarmed and frantically explained, “No, that’s not what I meant. Don’t misunderstand. I mean, we can still be friends. You have always been my friend and brother in my heart. I was trying to say that you don’t have to protect me because it’s very tiring.”Carle breathed a sigh of relief. He relished Elisa’s willingness to go back to being friends with him.But he would still protect her no matter what. Elisa was the most important woman to him. He refused to let anything bad happen to her or to let anyone bully her. Even if it meant sacrificing his own life to keep her whole, he would do it in a heartbeat.“I won’t trouble you anymore, Liz. Don’t worry. I have thought about a lot of things recently. I realize I have put you in a difficult position before this. Forgive me, Liz.”Forgive me, Liz.Carle had always wanted to say that to Elisa.He admitted that he was selfish. He knew Elisa had never loved him, but he was unwilling to let her go. Instead, he forced her to stay with him, and that was unfair to her.He was stubborn and refused to let go. Looking back now, he realized he was too much. “Don’t say that, Carle.”Elisa understood love clouded a person’s judgment. It was natural and inevitable for Carle to want to keep her within arm’s reach.Just like her former feelings for Gareth, she liked him a lot. And she admitted that she constantly wanted to keep him by her side.But in the end, she lost everything.She was no stranger to this possessive feeling. Perhaps she should thank Gareth for his cruelty. She wouldn’t have moved on so quickly if it weren’t for his cruelty.Gareth made her realize her ignorance. He taught her always to know her place and never make unattainable wishes.It was a painful experience. She couldn’t bring herself to hurt Carle as Gareth did to her. She couldn’t bear to see Carle hurting, so she resorted to avoiding and ignoring him.Fortunately, Carle had woken up from a coma.Initially, she was still determining if she had
done the right thing. But anyway, the outcome had panned out the way it should be.Carle had agreed to move on, stop pining for her and come to terms with reality. She was so grateful that he was willing to return as friends.“Do you hate me, Liz? I was too selfish.”“Never.” Elisa soothed Carle, “I know how it feels to love someone. But Carle, at the end of the day, it’s about fate between two people. The person I love is not you, and the person Sheen loves doesn’t love her back.”Carle’s eyes glistened with inexplicable emotion. He didn’t say anything.Elisa carried on and said, “Actually, Sheen is a good woman.”Carle twitched his lips and said with a wry smile, “Rach also told me I am a good person.”Elisa pouted in response. She knew that it was time for her to shut up.
###chapter754
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 754
She pursed her lips and stopped talking.Carle also knew that it was time to end the conversation. He simpered, “Alright, I better not hold you up. I hope after this, you will stop avoiding me. I hope we can still talk and meet every once in a while. I promise I will try my best to reign in my feelings.” Carle’s request put Elisa on the spot. “Okay, but I may get tied up with work. We can meet up after my work has eased off.”“Okay, I’ll wait for you.” Carle was delighted, “You should get back to work now. We’ll talk again soon.” “Okay.” Elisa hung up the phone without hesitation.After hanging up the phone, Elisa slumped her shoulders powerlessly.Carle…What should I do with him after this?Elisa contemplated her options before consulting Sheena and Rachel on WhatsApp.Elisa: ‘Carle called me just now. He knows I never loved him, and I only agreed to start a relationship with him to keep him alive.’Sheena: ‘What did he say?’Sheena’s response was prompt. Elisa knew Sheena was worried about Carle.Rachel: ‘Have you told him? How did he take it?’Elisa: ‘He took it well. He said Sheen was right. Love should be self-sacrificial and not possessive.’Sheena: ‘It’s a good thing that he finally understands it.’Rachel: ‘Then what else did he say?’Elisa: ‘He asked to be friends like how we used to. He asked me not to estrange him, and he will control his feelings and emotions, but… I don’t know if…’Elisa didn’t speak any further. She was confused.Sheena understood her concerns; she was worried about the same thing too. After a brief pause, she wrote again. Sheena: ‘Rach, Cale already knows my feelings for him. He may feel awkward talking to me. Can you go and check on him when you’re free?’Rachel: ‘Okay, I’ll see him tonight.’Sheena: ‘Go and have a talk with him. Remember not to trigger his anxiety. Sigh. I don’t know if I have done the right thing telling him all these things…’Rachel: ‘Of course, you did the right thing! It’s good for the three of you to talk things out and nib the problem in the bud! No, it should be four of us! Although I’m a bystander, all of you are my friends. I do feel awkward as well. It is good to clear the air!! I’ll go and see him tonight.’Rachel: ‘Forget it. I’d better take leave. I’ll go over now to see how he is doing. All of you are my good friends. I don’t want to lose any of you. No one should be left behind!! Alright, I have to stop here. I’m signing off now.’Elisa: ‘Go, Sheen. Don’t overthink. You’ve made the right move.’Elisa wasn’t in a suitable position to open up with Carle because she was directly
involved in this love triangle. She didn’t want to trigger Carle. But if it came from Sheen, it would be easier for Carle to take in the notion, and the impact would also be significantly alleviated.Sheena: ‘Well… Then I’ll go to work now. We’ll talk later.’Elisa: ‘Okay.’After Elisa finished speaking, she hung up her phone. She tidied her cascading hair strands and sorted her thoughts and emotions before returning to work.It wasn’t a productive day at work for Elisa.And it was almost time to go home.Elisa saved some documents on the USB flash drive and left the office.But……The Murphy’s Law had materialized!
###chapter755
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 755
Elisa noticed everyone in the elevator was staring at her peculiarly. She tried to ignore it but couldn’t shake off the strange feeling.She looked at the people in the elevator and asked quietly, “Why are you all looking at me?” She couldn’t help but wonder if something was on her face or body.When they heard her question, some hurriedly diverted their attention somewhere else while others continued to stare at her silently. One of them couldn’t contain their curiosity and asked, “Ms. Elisa, will you and Mr. Wickam get back together?”Elisa’s irises shifted. So, it’s because of the thing on Twitter.“There’s no chance,” she replied calmly and surely.There’s no way Gareth and I will get back together.Hearing that, those that had averted their eyes subconsciously turned back to her.“Can it be that Mr. Wickam can’t forget Ms. Elisa? Not only will he pick roses for you, but he can even create such a stir!”Elisa was puzzled.Not only, but Why does that sound off? Has Gareth done something again?She looked at the lady that said, “What do you mean?”“Did you not see the Whatsapp group chat? The topic is on fire.”“Ms. Elisa isn’t in that group chat,” a woman in pink said.Elisa did not know what was going on, but she did not ask any further questions. She would get her answers once she arrived downstairs.I’m sure Gareth must have done something big since that woman asked about the possibility of us getting better. But he hates me. What could he have done? Elisa was confused about the situation but couldn’t help but feel contempt.Get back together? How can they?Elisa banished those thoughts from her mind.When the elevator doors opened, the crowd stepped aside and looked at her. They created a path for her to get out first.Elisa looked at them silently and nodded. Without saying another word, she walked out.The scene in the lobby was different from one on a typical day. Usually, people would clock off and leave the company in trickles. Even if there were big groups, they would disappear quickly. Today, the lobby was full of people. To the point that people were pushing against each other.However, it was quiet for such a big crowd. They whispered and did not let their voices carry. One would have to listen very closely to hear what they were saying. When they saw Elisa exiting the elevator, the quiet chatter immediately stopped. The lobby was shrouded in a peculiar silence.At the same time, the crowd moved back to create a path for her. Many of them stared at her with envious and jealous eyes. Some
harbored hatred toward her.How can Elisa’s life be filled with such luck?How did she meet such a caring man?Why does she have so many good men around her?The women were filled with jealousy, envy, and hatred.On the other hand, the men did not see anything wrong with the situation. They had a totally different thought process from women.Why can’t I be as powerful as Gareth Wickam?Why can’t I be more influential? Maybe then, I will be able to bag Elisa Benett.
###chapter756
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 756
Elisa did not want to overthink. She had enough on her plate, with everyone staring at her. She walked down the path they had created.What trick is Gareth trying to pull?! The fierce gaze of the crowd felt like knives stabbing her. She didn’t have to look to know it was from the females in the lobby.Elisa’s calm expression suddenly turned rigid when she reached the doors. This b*stard! No wonder the employees didn’t leave.They couldn’t leave because the roads were blocked. No one dared to destroy the scene in front of them.The place was filled with rose petals, from the door, down the steps, to the pavement in front of the building. A man in a black suit stood in the middle of all that. He was surrounded by roses. There was even a phrase planted out in roses; love of my life.Elisa felt disgusted. She couldn’t understand why some women were crying out of jealousy.Gareth fixed his gaze on Elisa and said softly, “You finally came out.”Elisa felt the hairs on her arm stand up!Gareth sure can pretend like we did not publicly divorce. What a toxic man!Just as Elisa heard, none of the employees left. Even those that weren’t interested in gossip couldn’t go. No one dared to ruin the scene.Elisa was unhappy, and it was shown clearly through her expression. She ground her teeth as she looked at the roses.What a b*stard! Gareth felt uneasy when he saw the unhappiness on Elisa’s face. The people behind her were also looking at him with engrossed eyes.Some of them were disinterested, but this was a matter of their boss! They couldn’t look away! It wasn’t often someone influential like Gareth Wickam would bring flowers and confess to Elisa Benett in front of them. They watched the scene before them, wondering what Gareth would do next and how Elisa would respond.Elisa looked at Gareth coldly. She was able to shut down his advances, but he spoke first, “Grandma said you would like this.”Elisa was speechless. Wow. This man is on another level! How dare he use Grandma to pressure me! What if Grandma is watching? I can’t be too mean; Grandma might get sad. It might even affect the stock market if things get out of hand.Elisa became angrier as she thought about these questions. She stepped into the sea of flowers and made her way to him.She ground her teeth and said in a low voice, so only he could hear, “Was there a need to go this far?”The corners of Gareth’s lips lifted, making his handsome face seem softer. “Of course. I will do anything you like,” he said
coolly.She inhaled sharply and was about to respond when a courageous employee shouted, “Mr. Wickam, are you pursuing Ms. Elisa?”Gareth’s eyes flicked to the speaker. “Can’t you see the battle between us?”His words shocked both Elisa and the person that spoke.He suddenly felt afraid!It must have all been a fa?ade!
###chapter757
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 757
From how Gareth talked to Elisa and did many things for her, people thought he was warm and nice. It made them think that he was a soft-spoken man. However, from his tone just then, they could feel the piercing coldness and murderous intent. The aura he gave off was as strong as ever.“If you like, I’ll make every day as romantic as today.” Gareth looked at her tenderly as though they were a married couple. The crowd gasped!I’m so jealous!! Mr. Wickam is so tender!! So gentle!! Why can’t I get a man that treats me like that?! AHH!!I’m so envious of Elisa!Elisa frowned. So many people were watching, and some had started recording. There were even reporters among the crowd. She couldn’t let this go on. She wanted to consider Julia’s feelings and Wickam Group’s finances, but she wasn’t a saint. She wanted to be selfish for once.“You should find someone that appreciates your romance. It’s a waste to spend time on your ex-wife,” Elisa said coolly.The crowd was aghast!How could she reject someone like Mr. Wickam?! She’s a divorcée. The only marriage that will last is one between her and Mr. Wickam! Who else would be able to stand it?It’s not right for Mr. Wickam to chase after her. He’ll probably get tired of her sooner or later. She’s used goods, after all. Gareth’s smile turned frigid, but it was fleeting. “Let’s go. Grandma’s waiting for us. There’s another surprise waiting for you,” he said, ignoring her words. He quickly grabbed onto her arm before she could react.Elisa’s expression darkened as she tried to break free. Gareth changed his holding from her arm to her waist to stop her from escaping.B*stard!“Gareth Wickam!!!” She whispered as she didn’t want to ruin his reputation in front of so many people. But it was an unmistakable warning.Gareth looked at her lovingly and said seductively, “Should I carry you?”His voice might have sounded tender and loving to other people, but Elisa knew it was a threat and full of warning.Elisa quickly walked a few steps away to put some distance between them, but Gareth did not release his hold.The crowd watched as they walked away, seemingly like a loving couple.“Is that it?” The employees looked at each other quizzically.“Why did it feel like all talk and no action? They left so quickly.”One of the men straightened his glasses and said, “Didn’t Mr. Wickam say? Old Madam Wickam’s waiting for them, and he had another surprise for Ms. Elisa!”A woman beside him shook her head doubtfully. “Is that it? Why does something not feel
right?”“Even if that was the case, they shouldn’t have left so fast. She didn’t even take two glances at it. There’s not even a good photo of them! And their interaction seemed a bit awkward.”
###chapter758
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 758
“Of course, it’s awkward. It’s going to be awkward if Ms. Elisa doesn’t accept Mr. Wickam’s advances,” someone retorted immediately.The crowd bickered back and forth as they watched Gareth and Elisa leave. Someone suddenly realized the trouble they were in.“Oh my gosh… Mr. Wickam and Ms. Elisa left together, but how are we going to leave in this sea of roses?” This comment made the bickering crowd stop and look around.Sh*t! How are we going to deal with these roses? How do we leave? What will we do if we anger Mr. Wickam by stepping on the flowers?! But there’s no other route!At this moment, they didn’t want to spend time discussing their boss’ relationship; all they wanted to do was go home! They could gossip at home!…Meanwhile, Gareth dragged Elisa to the car. Once the door closed, all pretense fell from Elisa’s face. She was beyond unhappy.“What are you trying to get at?!”“I just wanted to give you roses. What do you mean?” Gareth looked at her cynically.Elisa’s face darkened, and she said through gritted teeth, “You knew why I punished you yesterday. And yet, you’re coming to bite me back by making such a big scene. Don’t you feel ashamed?”“I don’t care as long as Grandma is happy,” Gareth scoffed.Elisa was speechless. She huffed and turned away from him. Gareth started the car and drove away. They did not speak another word during the whole journey to Wickam Manor. Elisa was greeted by Julia’s smiling face the moment she entered.“My dears, you’re here! Dinner’s ready. Go wash up, and we can eat.”Elisa’s face softened when she saw Julia. She couldn’t act unhappy in front of her. On the other hand, Gareth moved naturally. He felt quite pleased to see Elisa so bothered.Elisa gnashed her teeth and stayed quiet. Gareth angered her so much, but she had to find her standing. Otherwise, she would be suffocated! At the same time, she was worried about what Gareth would do if she found her place again.Julia was clueless about what was going on in their minds. She was happy about the events during these two days. She had stopped pressuring them to get back together but still hoped they would remarry each other. She felt content as she saw the change in Gareth’s attitude toward Elisa.“Elisa, I heard this brat finally gave you flowers. How was the arrangement? Did you like it?”The anger boiling in Elisa overflowed as she thought about what Gareth had done at the office. She wanted to cut him.She breathed in to compose herself and forced a smile.
“It wasn’t bad.”She did not make any other comments. She could see the sarcasm in Gareth’s eyes as he looked at her with a smirk. Her anger shot through the roof again.She continued smiling, “Gareth’s action probably shook the whole city, maybe even the whole country. Very soon, it will be trending on Twitter. You can probably see it then. He even said there was another surprise waiting for me here in front of everyone.”
###chapter759
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 759
Gareth stiffened, and his cold eyes darted to Elisa.Elisa seemed unbothered as if she wasn’t planning revenge. Julia looked toward Gareth and asked, “What’s the surprise?”“I can’t tell you,” Gareth said with a tight smile. “Well, you’ve got to show Elisa soon. I’ll see it then.”Elisa looked at him snarkily. Gareth probably has nothing prepared. I will make him give me this surprise if it is the last thing I do today. I’ll only be happy if he’s not.Gareth quietly ate his meal.“He probably hasn’t got a surprise prepared. It was just a show to let others know I’m his,” Elisa giggled.Julia frowned and looked at Gareth unhappily. “You have to keep your promises. How did I bring you up? How are you more like a child now?”Julia continued frostily when she saw Gareth’s tightly shut lips. “Where have your manners gone? This is not something you should do! Our family did not bring you up to be this kind of person!”Elisa reached over and held Julia’s hand. “Grandma, the situation is different. He was trying to help me. It was just something he said to the crowd, you don’t have to take it too seriously. As for Mr. Wickam, he is a man of his word. He has always kept his promises in other matters,” Elisa said with a smile.Gareth turned his piercing gaze toward Elisa. He couldn’t say anything with Julia present.Julia wouldn’t let the matter rest. “I don’t care what you do; you must surprise Elisa! If Elisa isn’t satisfied, you better redo it!!” “I don’t think that’s necessary, Grandma,” Elisa said hesitantly.“It is!!” Julia exclaimed resolutely.“Grandma…” Gareth’s face was darkening by the second.Julia slammed her fork down on the table.“What? Do you think you’re so independent you can disregard the manners I taught you?!”“That’s not it.” Gareth couldn’t retort back.Elisa stayed quiet with her lips tightly pressed together. Grandma just needs to let her anger out. It’ll be fine once she’s done scolding him.“Since you single- handedly prepared all those roses for Elisa, you can do the same today. Prepare something to surprise Elisa. You’ll stop only when she is satisfied!”Elisa did not expect Julia’s next words to have such an impact on Gareth. She burst out into laughter. She did not care that Julia was still around. She turned to Gareth and said through tears of laughter, “Oh my gosh! With Grandma behind me, all I need to do is be displeased with your efforts. What an easy revenge!”Julia, too, burst out in laughter, “That’s a good idea! Just say you’re unhappy with whatever he has done! He needs to be punished!”Elisa could feel
the unhappiness rolling off Gareth, even without looking at him. She ignored it and nodded in compliance.“Let’s do that! Alright, Mr. Wickam, please prepare my surprise! Grandma did say that you should keep your word. It wouldn’t be good if the news of Wickam Group’s president breaking a promise made in good faith spread out.”
###chapter760
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 760
Gareth snickered mirthlessly and looked at Elisa. “You make a point. I will post the surprise I have for you on Twitter and show the whole world. I don’t make empty promises. I will give you the surprise you want.”Elisa was too stunned to speak. B*stard! Why can’t I ever get the upper hand?! Why must he always have to be the winner? Julia was pleased to hear that. At least this brat has some etiquette to broadcast it on the Internet. He finally knows what to do to get a woman! Once he posts it online and show others that he is pursuing Elisa, they will give up on chasing her. Will Darcey seems like a nice guy but is too popular with the ladies. My grandson will be a better husband for Elisa. At least he isn’t a player. Linda Benett was a different matter. Gareth was cheated into getting engaged to that woman. He only agreed because he thought Linda was his life savior. He only did it to repay her; he never had any feelings toward her. Also! The problem between Elisa and Gareth only grew because there were some misunderstandings between them. It’s good that Gareth knows his wrongs; now Elisa just needs to accept that.Julia became more heated. She was worried about their future. Gareth nodded in understanding. “No problem. I’ll go prepare it now,” he said as he put his cutleries down.Julia frowned slightly. “Finish dinner first. It won’t take long.”Elisa’s face stiffened. She did not expect Julia to support Gareth’s idea of posting the surprise online. “Grandma, we don’t have to go through all that trouble. I didn’t mean anything by it. I don’t need a surprise. Gareth and I are just pretending, just like we did before,” Elisa said hurriedly.I can’t stay with this man any longer! I need to put him in his place. But I can no longer rely on Grandma… I need to try something else.Julia shook her head in satisfaction and turned to Elisa with a smile. “Hey, we can’t do that. This brat must do what he says! Wait a minute. Let me check if there’s anything on Twitter,” she said and left to retrieve her phone.What? Didn’t she tell Gareth to finish dinner first? Why did she leave the table…?Gareth remained silent.“It’s out!” Julia said excitedly. The video from today was on Twitter.However, Julia’s face gradually darkened as she watched the video.She turned to look at him, displeased. “Do you spend that much effort to do so little?”She was so close to calling him superficial.Elisa stayed quiet. She had wanted to scorn Gareth’s behavior in front of his grandmother but was afraid she would make him do something even more
extravagant. However, she was feeling uneasy. She suddenly understood what it meant to shoot oneself in the foot. She did not know what to say in this situation.Julia looked up at Gareth and shouted angrily, “You must prepare a surprise! I will not forgive you for any mistakes! Did you do that to clear her name or make her the topic among the people? Do you call this pursuing?”It was such a pretense!! They didn’t say two sentences to each other before leaving!
###chapter761
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 761
Gareth stayed calm. “Yeah, I will prepare her surprise. Grandma, could you clarify things on Twitter in preparation?”Julia nodded her head quickly, “Of course I can!! You better do a good surprise, or else I won’t forgive you!!” Elisa could not participate in their conversation at all.Gareth placed his cutleries down and was about to leave as he had finished dinner. “Stop! There’s no need for a surprise!” Elisa blurted out. She wanted to stop him, but his footsteps did not falter.Julia returned from the bathroom and sat back at the dining table. “Don’t worry about him. Let’s finish our dinner,” she said with a smile.Elisa couldn’t stop her true feelings from showing on her face. She quickly finished off the food on her plate and made an excuse. “Grandma, it’s getting late. I better get going. I still have work to do.”“You can’t go yet.” Julia stopped her by grabbing her hand.Elisa was stumped and felt troubled.“Grandma, I really do have work to do,” she explained.Julia sighed pitifully, “I haven’t even finished dinner. Do you have to leave now?”Elisa couldn’t say anything else. She sat down heavily.A smile lit up on Julia’s face. “That’s right. You’ll always have work to do. You should stop working once office hours are done. I’ll have your back if Gareth makes you work overtime!”Julia took Elisa’s silence as consent. She turned and shouted to a maid, “Make a new plate for Elisa.”The muscles on Elisa’s face tightened.“Grandma, I can’t eat anymore.”“Nonsense! You eat too little. You didn’t even have half a plate. Eat with me.”The maid heeded Julia’s orders and brought a new plate heaped with food for Elisa.Elisa stared at the food in front of her and felt a headache coming.At the same time, Julia was all smiles. “Elisa, I know you went through a lot of pain and lost all feelings for him. All that pain turned into disappointment, and you’ve given up. Since he’s ready to right the situation, maybe you should give him another chance? Will Darcey is too much of a player; he is not good for you. Besides, you should listen to your elders. The original lover is the sweetest.”Elisa’s eyes glinted. I knew Grandma had a plan for us to get back together. But there is no way. We don’t have any feelings for each other anymore. Even if we get back together, it would be a marriage of convenience that benefits both of us. I don’t care about that, though. I don’t want to be involved with Gareth anymore. I will break all ties with Gareth Wickam once I’m done with this project.Julia realized Elisa had been quiet for a while and had a
far-off look in her eyes. “Elisa, is there… another guy?” She asked worriedly.Elisa smiled and avoided the question. Instead, she said, “Grandma, I won’t remarry him.”In that instance, many emotions went past Julia’s eyes. “Ah… you might say that now, but things change over time,” she said, exasperated.
###chapter762
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 762
All Elisa could do was blink silently. She wanted to leave but couldn’t.Gareth had driven off but hadn’t gone far. Yet, he was far enough for them at Wickam Manor not to be able to see him. He parked the car and took a blue box out from the trunk. He placed it on the passenger’s seat and then went back to the driver’s seat. He was in no rush to leave. He seemed as though he was waiting for time to pass. His handsome face was emotionless. His phone rang and brought him back to the present.He picked it up and heard Vincent’s voice on the other end, “What are you doing lurking around?” “I’m doing something,” Gareth replied nonchalantly.Vincent laughed, “What thing? I saw you get into your car and just sit there. What do you mean you have something to do?”Gareth couldn’t say anything back in retort.“Are you finally making your move? Have you finally realized that you have feelings for her?” Vincent snickered.“I never had any feelings for her,” Gareth said emotionlessly.Vincent clicked his tongue and walked toward the Rolls Royce with excitement in his steps.“Why are you still denying it? Why would you give her roses if you had no feelings? You were so romantic,” Vincent teased. “You covered the ground with flowers. People had nowhere to go because they were scared of ruining your setup. Mr. Wickam, you’re such a mastermind, letting everyone witness your confession to Elisa like that.”Gareth’s face darkened. “Are you bored?” “Of course not!!” Vincent said as he reached the Rolls Royce. He knocked on the driver’s window.The window slowly came down and showed a cool and handsome face.Vincent placed his hands on the silt and displayed his pearly whites, “Want to go somewhere?”“What are you doing here?”“I just finished some work. What about you?” Vincent asked. His eyes suddenly fell on the box on the passenger’s seat.“Sh*t. I can’t believe you really have a surprise!” Vincent exclaimed. He had seen the posts online and heard what Gareth had said.Gareth’s expression stiffened, and his silence meant Vincent was right.Vincent was ignorant of the cold aura emitting from Gareth. He walked toward the passenger’s seat and placed his hand on the door.‘Click!’Vincent frowned when he heard the click of the lock.“What the heck? I just wanted to see it! I’m not going to ruin it! Why did you lock the door? Open up!”Gareth ignored him.Vincent became unhappier. He went back to the driver’s seat. He seemed like he was ready to drag Gareth out of the
car.“Come on! Get out of the car!”“I said, I have something to do,” Gareth remained calm.“F*ck you! I know you’re going to suck up to her! You don’t dare express your feelings to her, and you’re always so stoic! Your personality is going to chase her away, sooner or later!”His words were deafening. Gareth felt the words pierce his heart, and his expression became sullen.
###chapter763
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 763
Vincent’s words were like poison. It slowly evaded its way to his heart. Gareth never thought he liked Elisa, just that they were compatible.Mere compatibility. “Why don’t you think about Rachel if you have so much time?” Gareth said to change the topic.“F*ck!! Why did you have to hit me at my tender spot? You’re such a f*cker!!” Vincent swore loudly. Her name was like an atomic bomb that destroyed his control. Gareth scoffed and wound up the window, ignoring him. Vincent had to retract his arm so he wouldn’t get stuck.“Oi! Are you going to abandon your bro? My car broke down! You can’t just leave me here! Let me in!!”Gareth frowned, and displeasure was adamant on his face.But Vincent could see his hand move. Soon, the door clicked open. Vincent scrambled to get to the passenger’s seat but was stopped by Gareth’s cold voice.“The back.”Vincent stopped in his tracks and sullenly sat in the back seat. His attention was still on the box on the passenger’s seat. He knew Gareth wouldn’t let him touch it, so he dismissed the thought of opening it. Instead, he tried to question Gareth, “What kind of surprise is this? Do you think you know more about a girl’s heart than I do? Let me teach you. I can give you some good advice.”Gareth started the engine, unbothered by his words.Vincent was curious about what Gareth had prepared for Elisa.But Gareth did not tell him anything, no matter what he said.…Meanwhile, Will was still at the office. He exuded a dangerous aura as he stared at Twitter. Twitter had been glitching the entire day because of the constant debate on the heated topic. The technicians were exhausted from having tried to fix the problem.Finally, they resolved the problem, and the topic popped up on Will’s Twitter homepage.Cole’s expression was mysterious as he looked at the news from the side. “The people on site probably don’t know their relationship isn’t as good as they think. Plus, Ms. Elisa’s been helping you with the Wickam Group situation. I don’t think Mr. Wickam would want to get back with her after that.”Will forced a smile and said, “He probably regretted it.”“What…?” Cole was dumbfounded.Will put his phone down. He wasn’t going to call Elisa.“Where are they now?” He asked calmly.“At Wickam Manor,” Cole answered readily, then added worriedly, “wouldn’t this benefit you in the long run?”“I know. I have two requests.” Will lifted his eyes to look at Cole.“What are they?”…At the same time, Gareth and Vincent had arrived at Wickam Manor.Vincent
reached for the box and offered, “I’ll hold on to it.”Gareth snatched the box before he could even touch it.“Alright, petty b*stard. It’s not like I can ruin the surprise.”Gareth ignored him and got out of the car with the box. Vincent hurried behind as he continued to grumble.Elisa was chatting with Julia. She wanted to leave, but Julia wouldn’t let her. She looked up and saw Gareth and Vincent walking toward them. Both of them could see the present in Gareth’s hands.
###chapter764
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 764
Vincent was walking boisterously behind Gareth.“Hi, Grandma!” He greeted her the moment he saw Julia. Julia did not realize there was someone else until he greeted her. She nodded in greeting and said, “You’re here too.”“Of course! I missed you! So, I came to see you,” he said, but then felt like something was off. He had come empty-handed… He looked at Gareth for help, but Gareth was looking at him with mockery. He was smiling from ear to ear.Vincent cleared his throat embarrassedly and scratched his nose. All good. As long as I’m not awkward, it will be fine.Julia giggled. She didn’t care about that.“You came too late. You should’ve come when we were having dinner.”“It’s okay. I feel full from seeing you. We can have dinner together next time.”Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. She didn’t care why Vincent was here; she was more concerned about the thing Gareth brought back. There were cameras recording the living room, and she was worried that Julia might leak the recordings to show the world the surprise Gareth had prepared for her. From what Elisa saw of Julia’s behavior, she was sure of it.Julia did not give Elisa time to say anything. She turned to Gareth and urged with a smile, “What are you doing dilly-dallying? Hurry and give Elisa the present!”Gareth stared at Elisa and walked over to pass her the small box. The creases on Elisa’s forehead increased. She did not want to touch the box, but Julia pulled Elisa’s hand toward the box.“What are you waiting for, silly girl? Open it up and see if it’s a surprise,” Julia urged and turned to ask Gareth suspiciously, “You better have put in the effort, br*t.”Julia was skeptical if Gareth had put in the effort since he came back so soon.“Of course I did. It was your orders,” Gareth replied coolly.“Good boy,” Julia harrumphed.Elisa was holding the box, but her heart wanted to throw it away.“Open it up, silly girl. I want to see what surprise this br*t prepared for you,” Julia said softly.“Yeah, yeah, yeah. Me too. I want to see it!” Vincent could not read the room. He walked over to join in the fun. He had been curious about the present for a very long time.Gareth was sitting on the couch. He showed evident disinterest when he took out his phone to deal with some matters. Elisa was bothered about the blue box in her hands but couldn’t deny Julia.The box wasn’t too heavy or too light. It was rectangular and about the size of a shoe box. The box was delicately wrapped and had a light blue ribbon on it. The contrast of the box’s blue and white
made it look expensive.Elisa paused and finally pulled the ribbon after another nudge from Julia.Julia and Vincent had their eyes fixed on the box. They didn’t want to miss any details.
###chapter765
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 765
Gareth sat on his sofa, looking nonchalant. But he could still see them if he wanted to.“Hurry. Open it up.” Elisa stopped hesitating and opened up the box slowly.She was stunned when she saw the content of the box. The look in her eyes froze on the spot. Gareth was now silently studying Elisa from the corner of his eyes.He pursed his lips and turned slightly to see Elisa clearer.He probably didn’t know that he was anxious himself too.Elisa’s face turned pale white.Gareth knew precisely how to press her buttons.She had never expected Gareth to humiliate her this way.She could not help but recall what had happened two years ago.They had attended a dinner that night. Their mission was to pretend to be a model couple in front of outsiders.Gareth had purposely gotten her a pair of uncomfortable heels that night.Elisa’s feet had gotten red and swollen from the heels. She could not help but take off her heels right after she entered the lounge room to rest her swollen feet.When Gareth saw her red and swollen feet, he merely snorted.“You can’t even bear this? Are all women weak like you?”Elisa frowned lightly. But she quickly undid the pout on her face and spoke gently to the man. “Gareth, I feel uncomfortable in this pair of heels. Can you get me a pair of Rene Caovilla’s, please?”Only a pair of Rene Caovilla’s would match her gown that night.Gareth scoffed. “A pair of Rene Caovilla’s?”His tone was extremely sardonic as he said the two words ‘Rene Caovilla’s.’ He continued even after he saw the color drain out of her face. “Do you think you are worthy of it?” Elisa’s lips quivered upon hearing his mocking remarks.After a moment of hesitation, she bit her lips and said shyly, “I just want to change into another pair of heels. I worry I might embarrass you if I cannot walk properly later.”Gareth snorted coldly in reply, “Rene Caovilla’s are exclusive items meant for high-class people. You are not worthy of it.”Gareth turned around to leave as soon as he finished speaking. But he suddenly stopped when he reached the door and added, “Stop dreaming about things you are not worthy of and remember to keep to your stature.”Then, he left Elisa on the sofa, trembling.He was right. She could only be a clown forever. She will never be worthy of Gareth. She was a sinner who did not have the right to own anything.……“The heels look good. You had put some thought into choosing that pair for her.” Julia was still staring at the pair of heels in Elisa’s hand. She was engrossed in her
thoughts, thinking that her grandchild had finally done something right for Elisa. She did not notice Elisa ruminating on her memories.Vincent was amused. “Don’t you know that men shouldn’t buy women’s footwear as a gift? Do you know what will happen if you gift them footwear?”Gareth frowned lightly.Vincent did not notice Julia’s puzzled look. But he saw the confusion in Gareth’s eyes. He grinned at Gareth and asked, “Do you want to know?”Gareth kept mum with a sullen face. Vincent teased, “I’m not going to tell you!”It was rumored that if a man gifted his woman footwear, she would leave the man.Gareth’s face darkened. He turned around, glanced at Elisa, and noticed that something was off about her.Elisa was now trembling violently.
###chapter766
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 766
Just as Julia wanted to ask Vincent what he meant, she suddenly noticed the expression on Elisa’s face.Even Vincent noticed it. He stopped his jokes immediately and looked at Elisa solemnly. Just as he was about to say something, Julia spoke, “What is wrong, Elisa?”Elisa’s temperament seemed fine earlier. Although Julia had wanted to leave just now, she stayed back to help Gareth convince Elisa to stay. But…Why did Elisa look so gloomy after she saw the gift?A gift box fell onto the ground suddenly.One side of the Rene Caovilla’s dropped out of the box.The heels were about 8cm long. They looked breathtakingly exquisite. Elisa could tell that this was a limited edition designed by Rene Caovilla herself.Her heels had broken during Grandma’s birthday banquet last time. Mr. Jones had told her that Gareth had prepared it for her.She was doubtful of it then. She knew that Gareth would not do this for her. Grandma must have ordered Mr. Jones to arrange it for her.So, from that day onwards, she no longer placed hopes on Gareth.But now.Gareth had prepared this for her.In addition, he had handed it over to her personally.She thought that perhaps Gareth had meant to gift it to another person.This pair of heels was well-known and limited. Money alone does not guarantee the purchase of this pair of heels. Was he hinting to her that she was not worthy?“What’s wrong, Elisa?” Julia was distraught.Vincent, too, was curious. He initially wanted to pick up the pair of heels but hesitated. Elisa might not want to take the heels. She was a collected person who barely lost her calm. Something huge must have happened. Gareth froze instantly. He wanted to know why Elisa was acting that way.She did not normally act like this in Old Madam Wickam’s presence.Elisa bored into Gareth’s eyes and said slowly, “Gareth, you picked the right way. I’ve lost. I will not challenge or avenge you in the future. But please don’t provoke or humiliate me again.”Elisa walked out immediately after she finished speaking.She did not even bother to talk to Julia this time.“Elisa…!” Julia was startled. She quickly chased after Elisa, but something felt amiss. Before she took her third step forward, she turned around and looked at Gareth. “You should be the one chasing after her!”Gareth frowned hard. His robust and cold presence felt even more distinct. But this time, he listened to his Grandma and quickly chased after Elisa.Vincent stood there, at a loss for what he should do next. This matter had nothing to do with
him, so he had no right to interfere.But when he saw Julia’s worried face, he immediately knew what to do.He walked up to Julia and supported her. He smiled and gently said, “Grandma, don’t worry. They are in the enlightenment stage of a relationship. They will need some time to solve their difference. Everything will turn out well eventually. It would be best if you didn’t get wound up by them. They’re young and have raging hormones. It’s normal for youngsters to be like that.”But the anxiety in Julia’s eyes was still evident. “I understand, but Elisa really looked off.”
###chapter767
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 767
Julia could not help but glance outside to see the two of them. She continued, “Wait a minute! I know Elisa has been very disappointed in Gareth, but I also know a part of her still can’t completely let go of Gareth. Elisa has never lost her temper in front of me. But today… she left without even speaking to me. I’ve never seen her looking as grave as she did earlier. Something is extremely wrong. What is with the heels? What did you mean just now by gifting women footwear?”Vincent’s face turned slightly pale. Holy! Are the rumors accurate? Is Elisa giving up on Gareth?Was she just trying to act cool all this time in front of Gareth? Was she disappointed now after realizing what Gareth wanted when he gave her those pair of heels? But… this didn’t make sense.Julia got more anxious when she saw the weird expression on Vincent’s face. “Child, tell me, what does it mean to gift a woman a pair of footwear!”She had never heard this rumor before.Vincent did not dare to think further on. He quickly replied, “Oh, it’s nothing. It’s not even real. It’s just a rumor that couples cannot gift each other footwear, or the one who gets the gift will break off the relationship. Could Elisa have mistaken that…Gareth was hinting at her to break up?”Julia’s face turned ugly. She scolded, “This rascal! Why couldn’t you have given her something other than heels!”Nevertheless, Julia was just saying it out of anger.She paused right after she yelled. “This still isn’t right…… Elisa was never someone superstitious. Moreover, it is just a rumor. She would not have acted out just from a mere superstition.” Vincent’s eyes dimmed. Indeed, Elisa’s face was pale just now. It seemed like she was offended. He was too busy teasing Gareth that he didn’t notice Elisa’s grim expression.It was already too late when he noticed…He was helpless.Although he had the urge to chase after Elisa and Gareth, he could not leave Julia alone. She would feel helpless about the situation. He quickly said, “Grandma, Gareth has gone out. Although he is cold and sometimes tacky, he would not let anything happen to Elisa.”Julia sighed helplessly. “I don’t know when their relationship will get better.”Vincent clicked his tongue and said, “Well, the two of them refuse to give up, yet do not want to admit that they have feelings for each other. Perhaps they’d only learn to appreciate one another this way.”Julia frowned and looked at Vincent. “Did you just say that neither of them is willing to confess their feelings toward the other?”But didn’t Gareth…..?Vincent
interrupted Julia’s thoughts. “Of course. Gareth is such a proud man. He just doesn’t want to admit it. I think it serves him right.”Julia breathed a sigh of relief. That rascal must be acting stubbornly.After a moment of hesitation, she continued, “I wonder how their discussion will go later.”“Don’t worry, Grandma. Gareth can still handle things like this,” Vincent replied confidently.“Sigh… I hope so too.”… At the same moment, Gareth had already caught up to Elisa.
###chapter768
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 768
Chapter 768It didn’t take Gareth much time to chase up Elisa since she was on foot.He did not bother calling her to stop when he saw her. He merely increased his pace, walked towards her, and grabbed her wrist. Elisa could no longer walk forward at that instance.She glowered in response. Her brows snapped together as she uttered, “Let me go.” The icy look in Elisa’s eyes made Gareth freeze for a moment. But he did not let her go. Instead, he stared into her eyes and asked calmly, “Why.”“Why?” Elisa scorned. “You said those mean words and did those hurtful things. And now you’re asking me why?”Did he want her to go through the whole story with him again about how he humiliated her?Elisa found him unbelievable.Gareth frowned hard. He had no idea what Elisa was alluding to.He tried to suppress his rising annoyance and held onto Elisa’s wrist. He spoke in a low voice, “What on earth do you want.”What do I want?Elisa snorted coldly. The annoyance and hatred seething within her increased dramatically. “How could you even get yourself to ask that question?”Gareth’s lips hardened into a thin line. His eyes tightened around her figure.“Be specific.”Elisa looked at the man in front of her in disbelief.Has he forgotten? Or did he want to disgrace her again by making her recount those humiliating events? How could he do that to her?Elisa ignored his question and tried to wriggle free from his grasp. But she could not. She frowned hard and demanded coldly, “Let me go! We should go our separate ways and stop seeing each other. We are done with the agreement!”She sounded so firm that it made Gareth feel that she was as heartless as a stone monument. Nevertheless, Elisa was unable to break free from this man’s grasp. So she raised her leg and kicked him in the groin.Gareth dodged the kick while his grasp was still on her wrist. Elisa stood no chance at all in freeing herself from Gareth.“Are you done yet?”Gareth’s eyebrows creased in annoyance. “I will not let you go until you explain it to me clearly.”Elisa sneered, “Right. I shall tell you then, and you can go on and humiliate me again! Fine!”So Elisa recounted the events that occurred at the last banquet once more.Gareth’s pupils shrank as he heard Elisa’s story.Elisa scoffed, “I do not need you to keep reminding me who I am. I know what I’m worthy of and what I’m not. You don’t have to humiliate me publicly with your actions. Nevertheless, you have won.”Gareth opened his mouth thoughtfully to speak but closed it again.Elisa quickly struggled off him and left while he was distracted.She was at the Wickam Manor. It
was halfway up the mountain, so no car would ever pass by. If Elisa wanted to go home, she would have to walk down the mountain first, then call a cab.She did not wish to have anything to do with Gareth anymore or talk to him, so she just walked away.Gareth stood still with his lips pursed into a thin line.He had already forgotten about that incident. But with Elisa’s recollection of the events, he finally remembered.He watched her leave with cold determination. His frown deepened as the look on his face became bleaker.In the end, he decided not to chase after her.However, soon, he heard the sound of footsteps.Vincent stopped at Gareth’s side. He took a glance at the surroundings but did not see anyone. He asked, “Where is she? Why are you alone?”Then, he looked around again. But he did not see a single shadow. He turned towards Gareth helplessly once more.
###chapter769
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 769
But Gareth continued to remain silent. Vincent started to feel anxious. He narrowed his eyebrows, “Hurry up and tell me!”Gareth’s face turned grimmer. He looked creepy even without speaking. Vincent, however, was impatient. He said in a low voice, “Can you frigging tell me already? Did you manage to catch Elisa up? Did you talk to her? What happened?”Gareth did not intend to tell him anything. He continued to walk on, but Vincent grabbed him by his arm. Gareth glared at the hands on his arm instantly. He disliked people touching him without his consent.But Vincent did not care anymore. “Elisa must have lost her temper today over something serious. Why did you not chase after her?”Vincent had arrived late because he had to accompany Julia earlier. He only came because Julia told him to, out of concern.But the only person he saw when he arrived was Gareth’s lonesome figure.“Hey! Can you speak? What on earth happened just now? Grandma is worried.”Gareth frowned even harder. Finally, he spoke in a low voice, “You should leave.”Gareth’s state of defeat flustered Vincent.Was he being chased away before he had even eaten?“My car broke down. I can’t leave.”Gareth did not even look at Vincent. He ordered coldly as he walked towards the manor, “Drive my car.”“I’m not leaving!”Vincent increased his pace and chased Gareth up. He knew it was no use for him to persuade Gareth. Gareth would never do something that he didn’t want to.But Vincent wanted to know what caused Elisa to act this way.Gareth walked so fast that Vincent had to run a bit to keep up with him. Vincent continued, “Can’t you tell me what’s going on?” Gareth clenched his fingers into a hard ball until his fingernails left marks on his palm.Vincent tried his best to find out what happened but failed. In the end, he gave up.Gareth walked back to the manor.Julia was waiting for him anxiously. When she saw Gareth and Vincent, she quickly got up. But then…she realized that Elisa was not behind them. Her eyebrows knitted in worry. “What’s wrong? Where is Elisa? Why didn’t you bring Elisa back?”Julia was very anxious now. She even had the urge to post a missing person notice online now to let everyone know that she was looking for her granddaughter, cum granddaughter-in-law.But now…What did Gareth do?Gareth’s face was dreary as he spoke gloomily, “She had something to do, so she left first.”“She does not have anything to do! How did she leave? You two drove back here! Do you plan to
let her walk home?”Gareth turned his head away silently, annoyed.Vincent quickly spoke up, “No, no, no. I’ll pick her up now. They merely had a small argument. Don’t get wound up, Grandma.”Vincent glanced at Gareth and reminded him softly, “Grandma has aged. Do be careful with your words and actions.”After Vincent finished speaking, he ran out.Gareth had just gotten out of his car. His keys were still in it.Vincent estimated the duration since Elisa left and guessed she hadn’t walked too far.As expected, he spotted Elisa walking down the mountain after driving a short distance.Vincent honked at Elisa. But then he remembered that Elisa might think it was Gareth driving and would ignore him. So he quickly winded down the car window and called, “Elisa, it’s me! Gareth is not here!”
###chapter770
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 770
Sure enough, Elisa stopped right after hearing Vincent’s words.Vincent immediately stopped his car beside Elisa. He told her, “Grandma is concerned about you. She wants me to send you back. Hop on in, or else Grandma will worry.” Elisa frowned. She did not say anything, but she could see that Vincent was, indeed, alone in the car.But she did not intend to get into the car. She spoke coldly, “You can tell Grandma that you’ve sent me back. I will not tell anyone about this.” “Grandma said she wanted me to call her and let you speak to her. If not, she would not believe me. Grandma has aged. You shouldn’t cause her any unnecessary stress. You weren’t in the right state just now when you left. Do you still want Grandma to worry?”Elisa frowned once more and kept silent.“Hurry and get in. Grandma will worry about you if you don’t.” Vincent persuaded her once more.Elisa had no choice but to open the car door.Vincent only started the car when he saw her in the car with her seatbelt fastened.He was reluctant to drive, but he was afraid Elisa would want to get out of the car if he started asking questions. Then, he could not do what Grandma had trusted him in. He hesitated a while before looking at Elisa and asked, “What happened? Why did you leave all of a sudden? Why is your face so pale?” He could not help but blurt out.Elisa looked extraordinarily calm. She was no longer as worked up as when she talked to Gareth. She replied indifferently, “Nothing.” Elisa did not feel like talking too much.Because there was no point in discussing the matter.Elisa did not have a good impression of Vincent either.Moreover, he was Gareth’s friend. Elisa naturally wanted to avoid him.Although Vincent did not manage to retrieve any information from Elisa, he continued to ask, “What happened? Why don’t you tell me? Perhaps I can help you analyze the matter? Did the pair of heels remind you about what happened in the past?”A light flickered in Elisa’s eyes. She remained quiet.She did not want to answer Vincent. But her silence seemed like a ‘yes’ to him.He continued, “Did something bad happen between the two of you in the past?”Elisa scoffed. “When did anything good happen between us in the past?”Taken off guard by her response, Vincent found it difficult to utter a word.This rascal! He is trash!Vincent could find no way to refute Elisa. He thought back and realized that Gareth had indeed never praised Elisa.Wait… that’s not right.He did praise Elisa before!He glanced at Elisa and said, “Two
of you have misunderstood each other. He had always kept you in his heart. But he is just too stubborn to admit it. We are good friends, so I know him too well! He had once said that no one could do a better job as Mrs. Wickam than you. He…”Just as Vincent was halfway through his sentence, he suddenly felt… he better not say anything else.Because he saw the bitterness in Elisa’s eyes grow deeper.Elisa smiled. “You don’t have to say anymore.”
###chapter771
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 771
She knew her place.She was suitable for the position. But she was not worthy of it. Elisa was not interested in having anything to do with Gareth any more.Vincent took a glance at Elisa and started ruminating in his thoughts. He had always thought that he was pretty charismatic with women. But what happened to him today…Vincent had forgotten that his skills had worked on those women because they had feelings for him. Some were obsessed with his looks, some with his body, and some with his money.So he had never been serious with women. Many new women would come with just a snap of his fingers.“Don’t… don’t get upset. I know that you are unhappy right now. But I still think that you should tell me what happened. That way, I’ll be able to help solve the misunderstanding between you two.”“There is no need to solve our misunderstanding. Moreover, there has never been a misunderstanding between us.”He had told her that she was not worthy. What else is there to misunderstand?He was suddenly at a loss for words.Vincent was considered a charismatic person. But… no matter how good one is, there is always someone better. And this someone better was the woman beside him.He could not even come up with any frivolous joke in her presence.There was an awkward silence in the air.Vincent stopped talking and concentrated on his driving.Elisa had no mood to talk to him either.However, his phone rang not long after they drove past two streets.It was Old Madam Wickam. Vincent turned on the loudspeaker and connected the call.“Grandma.” The car was not Vincent’s, so it did not connect to Vincent’s phone Bluetooth.Julia’s voice was heard immediately. “Vince, have you picked Elisa up yet?”Elisa pursed her lips quietly.Vincent laughed, “Yes, I’ve picked her up. Grandma, I’m on loudspeaker now. You can talk to her if you want to.”Then he glanced at Elisa and said, “Come on, talk to Grandma.”Gareth was beside Julia when the call came through. He could hear their voices loud and clear.Julia held her phone tightly and spoke anxiously, “Elisa, why did you leave so suddenly just now? Are you better now? Did that rascal bully you? Tell me, Elisa. I will help you teach him a lesson!”Julia sounded very concerned about Elisa. Elisa could hear it in her voice.Elisa answered gently, “I’m fine, Grandma. You don’t have to worry about me.”“You have never acted this way. How can I not worry?”“I know…… Grandma. I acted too rashly just now,” Elisa spoke softly. But
her face was clouded in an indiscernible emotion.It was not appropriate for her to act that way in front of Old Madam Wickam earlier.But she was so overwhelmed with her feelings that she lost control of her composure.Julia quickly answered. “I know. I know everything, Elisa. Sometimes it’s hard to control our feelings. But I’m worried about you. Will you still come and visit me when that rascal isn’t here? I’m a bit anxious now. Can you tell me what happened?”Elisa’s lip tightened into a thin line. Finally, she said, “It’s nothing, Grandma. You don’t have to worry about me. I’ll still go and visit you.”
###chapter772
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 772
Gareth pursed his lips quietly.But the look in his eyes had grown colder. Anyone who was with him could sense his lousy mood right now. Julia was even more worried now. “Elisa, you…”She stopped halfway. Elisa looked more relaxed now. She smiled and reassured Julia, “Grandma, you don’t have to worry about me. Really.”“Sigh. How can I not worry about you? Why don’t you come back, Elisa? Tell Vincent to send you back here. I shall chase that rascal away from this place so we can talk. How does that sound?”Elisa spoke gently, “Grandma, I’m really fine. Moreover, I still have some work to do. How about I go visit you some other day?”Vincent knew that Elisa would not go back tonight. She was still overwhelmed with her feelings. So he interrupted, “Grandma, I’m sending her back now. She’s going to see her best friend so she will feel much better. You don’t have to worry; I’ll make sure she gets back safely.”Elisa pursed her lips silently.Finally, Julia took a deep sigh. She had not expected this to happen.“Sigh… I would not have told him to prepare a surprise for you if I knew this would happen. This is all my fault!”Elisa quickly answered, “Don’t say that, Grandma. I’m fine. Don’t worry.”“Fine… I won’t.” Julia was obviously throwing a tantrum now.Elisa pursed her lips. She was suddenly at a loss for words.Vincent knew that the conversation could not go on anymore. He chuckled, “Grandma, don’t worry. I will take care of Elisa. Nothing will happen!” Julia knew Elisa would not come back tonight either, so she relented. “Please take good care of Elisa, Vince. Thank you so much.”“Don’t mention it, Grandma. Don’t worry. She will be fine with me.”“Alright, alright. Visit me when you have the time, Elisa. I’ll be waiting for you at home.”The relaxed look on Elisa’s face turned complicated again. She hesitated before agreeing, “Okay.”They exchanged a few more words before ending the call.Vincent glanced at Elisa and sighed helplessly. “I know that you still don’t like Gareth. He was indeed a jerk in the past. But he was still immature at that time! Haven’t you realized how much he had changed now? Even though he still has a poor choice of words, he doesn’t mean what he says most of the time.”Elisa turned her head away towards the right. They had left Wickam Manor for some time and arrived at the city’s busiest parts.She felt calmer as she watched cars and people passing by.Vincent continued speaking, “I know that you are unhappy now. But I still want to tell you this. I bumped into Gareth on the
way just now. His car was parked at the side of the road. It seemed like he was waiting for someone. After I got into his car, I saw the gift he prepared for you on the co-drivers seat.”Elisa froze.She thought hard. Gareth had indeed gone out for quite some time. It was a reasonable assumption to say that he had prepared this gift beforehand.Had he known that Grandma would tell him to prepare a surprise for her?Would Gareth have prepared it for her even if she hadn’t mentioned it when they were eating?Or did he know that Grandma would tell him to prepare it for her after seeing her news on Twitter?
###chapter773
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 773
Vincent continued, “I was curious about that gift, too, at that time. It was not tightly sealed, so I wanted to open it to see what was inside. But he did not let me touch it at all.”Then, Vincent told Elisa the story about him wanting to take a peek at Elisa’s gift but failing. But the scathing look on Elisa’s face continued to grow.Of course, he wouldn’t let Vincent touch it. He wanted to let Elisa see his perfect side. He wanted to make her realize she was not worthy of someone or something so perfect. That’s why he didn’t want the heels to get ruined. Elisa might think she was worthy of the heels if they got ruined. Elisa suddenly felt irritated once more.“Elisa, I…” Vincent seemed like he wanted to say more, but Elisa interrupted him coldly, “Stop.”“…”Oh no. He had said something he shouldn’t again.She had already calmed down and was feeling all right listening to him talk.Vincent felt helpless. He had tried his best for Gareth. It was up to the heavens to decide if the two were destined for each other.The air fell quiet again since Vincent stopped talking to Elisa. He sent a text message to Rachel on his way back. Rachel could not believe what Vincent had told her. But she dared not doubt Vincent as well. When Elisa arrived home, Rachel was at Elisa’s doorstep.She held her bag with both hands and paced back and forth on Elisa’s doorstep. She looked worried.She immediately walked over when she saw the Rolls Royce with Elisa in the co-drivers seat. Rachel looked at Elisa worriedly when she got out of the car. “Elisa.” She did not ask any questions as Vincent was present.Elisa smiled at her, hinting that she was still all right.Then, Elisa turned to Vincent. Rachel followed after her.Vincent did not get out of the car. He knew it wouldn’t be convenient for the girls to have a conversation if he were around. He winded down the car window and said calmly, “Rachel, do stay back and accompany her tonight. I’m going back first.”He was aware that the two women would not treat his unwanted stay kindly. They would probably ignore him too. So he put up his window and left after he finished speaking.Only then Rachel turned to Elisa and took her by the hand. She asked gently, “What’s wrong? What happened?”Tears shone in Elisa’s eyes. She should have stopped Vincent just now. She only saw him fiddling with his phone, but she didn’t know he was texting Rachel. She thought it was Gareth.When Vincent told Old Madam Wickam that he would send Elisa to Rachel’s, she thought he was just trying
to comfort her.She should have stopped him. Then Rachel wouldn’t have to worry about her.Elisa spoke softly, “I’m fine. What did Vincent tell you?”Rachel frowned hard. She was afraid Elisa would lie if she told her what she knew. “Tell me first, what happened today?”Elisa did not want to hide anything from Rachel. She led Rachel into her house and told the whole story to Rachel. Rachel’s face immediately turned grim.“Jerk! How could Gareth act like that!”Elisa forced a smile and said nothing.They sat on the sofa. Rachel gritted her teeth and snarled, “Tell him to scram! He should just die! Trash! Men are all so useless!”
###chapter774
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 774
Rachel’s reaction amused Elisa. “Well, there are many men who are not jerks.”Rachel sighed, “Do you really think that good men are easy to find? How many are as chivalrous as Carle?” The look in Elisa’s eyes turned complicated again. She tightened her lips quietly.Rachel noticed Elisa’s gloominess. She realized she should not have mentioned Carle as Elisa also didn’t like him. “Alright, alright. Let’s stop talking about them. Why don’t we watch TV?”Elisa nodded. “Okay.”She initially did not feel like doing so. But Rachel was so warm and cheerful. Her presence made Elisa feel so much better.……The hot search was still going on rage. But after a few tweaks of Twitter’s bug, the website did not lag anymore.Although it was still laggy for some people, many continued to comment about the incident. Some thought that Elisa did not deserve so much attention. She was just average, yet she was now more popular than a celebrity.Many directors secretly wished that Elisa was their actress!She did not have to have any acting skills. She would do fine if she got an easy and good script!It was such a pity… They dared not offer her any contracts. Her background was unnerving—she knew Gareth Wickam and Will Darcey.Some female celebrities were pure and innocent. But the entertainment industry itself was dangerous and rumored to be atrocious. So many people had negative impressions of female celebrities.Of course… Gareth and Will would not let their woman enter a world like that.At that moment, many people were still paying attention to the hot search. Nicole was one of them.She had been busy all day. When she heard the maids discussing Gareth and Elisa on the hot search upon returning home, she could not help checking her Twitter.She initially thought it was just rumors or a gimmick to make them famous. But when she saw the photo of Gareth and Elisa acting so intimately, she lost it. Moreover, Gareth was the one making a move.She held her phone in her hand with her lips formed in a hard line. She did not utter a single word. Tears had already filled her eyes.Nicole’s mother, Sharon Turner, had naturally heard about the rumor. She rushed to her daughter’s room immediately.She saw Nicole sitting on the sofa alone with her head bowed low.A huge drop of tears fell from Nicole’s eyes suddenly. She immediately raised her hand to wipe it off and turned away from Sharon. She did not want Sharon to see her crying.But it was too late. Sharon had seen it. She walked
into Nicole’s room and shut the door after her. Then, she walked towards Nicole’s side and sat down.“I know that you are upset. Just cry if you feel like it. You don’t have to keep it all inside you.”Upon hearing this, a flood of tears fell from Nicole’s eyes.Nicole quickly took a deep breath. She didn’t want to look so desperate, so she tried her best to control herself. She shouldn’t be crying.She was not someone who was easily defeated! She will not believe those rumors she read online!Sharon sighed gently. “Perhaps Gareth isn’t meant for you. Must it be him?”Nicole sniffed uncontrollably. She held back her cry and said, “Mom, I’ve had enough of him. I don’t want to feel like this too. But I cannot help it.”
###chapter775
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 775
Sharon opened her mouth wordlessly, not knowing what to say. After all, she knew better than anyone else how resilient her daughter was.Nicole’s ability to overcome obstacles calmly was why the entire family was relieved to hand over the family business to her. However, Gareth was the only exception to her. He was the only person who could break through her defenses and make her emotional.No one else in the world could make her sob. Sharon held her hand and took the phone away from her. “Stop reading. You know the situation better than anyone else.”The toxic comment section might agitate her even more.Nicole sat stonily on the couch, not responding to her mother.Though she controlled her tears, she still felt a dull ache in her heart. No matter how much she was in denial, she saw Gareth taking the initiative to wrap his arms around Elisa as they left. Elisa was the passive one in their relationship.If Elisa also liked Gareth, Nicole felt worthy of being her opponent. However, Elisa treated him coldly.The fact that Gareth took the initiative made Nicole feel utterly defeated. This wasn’t the result she had hoped to see.But what can I do now? What else can I do? I don’t even have the opportunity to speak to him; he doesn’t like it if I’m too forward. I could find an excuse to discuss business with him, but that will result in a formal discussion without much interaction. That is not what I want.A wave of sorrow engulfed her. She was at a loss, with annoyance and grievances building up within her.“The more I look at it, the more I think that something’s off with the video. It seems he’s just putting on a show,” Sharon said softly, looking at her daughter.Nicole’s eyelashes fluttered. Indeed, she had just seen a similar comment moments ago, and she had been convincing herself that was the case.Nevertheless, she still couldn’t forget the moment he plucked roses for Elisa. After that, the roses were laid at the entrance of the office.Since the office had a wide entrance, he would have to buy more roses to fill it up.The thought of him picking flowers for Elisa and asking people to do that made Nicole feel miserable.“Think about it – if he truly means it, why did their conversation end so quickly? Everyone was watching them at that moment. He should publicly display his affection for her to fulfill a woman’s pride. However, he didn’t do that at all. It’s obvious that he’s just putting on a show.”Nicole blinked, but she remained silent.Then, Sharon’s phone received a notification. She shot a glance at it
before passing it to Nicole.“Here, look at this.”Nicole took it with a perplexed expression.After reading the contents, she looked shocked. Julia forced Gareth to surprise Elisa, but Elisa left in despair.“This…”Sharon said dubiously, “There’s something behind the scenes we aren’t aware of.”Nicole pursed her lips, but she started looking hopeful. “Is that so?”
###chapter776
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 776
“It must be,” Sharon replied confidently. “They must have had a fight at Wickam Manor. It shows the relationship between Gareth and Elisa is not a bed of roses.”Nicole’s lips were pressed into a line. Then, Sharon hugged her. “Don’t overthink this. If fate allows it, be with him; otherwise, just give up. I don’t want you to be entangled with him any further – it’s not like you to do so. I don’t want you to be obsessed with him any further.”Nicole’s lips trembled. She could tell that Sharon wanted her to give up on Gareth. But… I’m unable to do that. He is such an outstanding man.Her mind was filled with images of Gareth looking handsome, decisive, and elegant.It was impossible for her to forget him, which was also devastating for her.After a moment of silence, she couldn’t help asking, “Mom, what do you think they were doing?”Sharon frowned. “No one knows. Perhaps Mrs. Wickam wanted them to reconcile. When Gareth plucked roses for Elisa, Mrs. Wickam was there, wasn’t she?”Nicole pursed her lips again as Sharon continued, “We were told yesterday that it was Elisa who made the company announcement, and so Mrs. Wickam forced Gareth to head over. How true is it, in your opinion?”Sharon didn’t want to overanalyze the situation with Nicole for fear that Nicole might be even more obsessed with Gareth, but she didn’t want to lie to her daughter either. Since Nicole wasn’t dim- witted, she would eventually realize that anyway. She was merely clouded by sadness at that moment.“Even so, he will only do that willingly,” Nicole said in a trembling voice, biting her lips.Sharon sighed. “Nicole Tabor.”Nicole’s gaze flickered. Sharon only addressed her by her full name whenever it was of grave concern. Of course, Nicole knew this and understood what was on Sharon’s mind.Without waiting for her to speak, Nicole said, “I will not give up on him unless he completely breaks my heart. I have loved him for ten years.”Sharon looked at her conflictingly. Seeing her daughter’s determined expression, she sighed exasperatedly. “Alright. But, remember to stop whenever necessary.”Both of them sat on the couch quietly. Nicole lowered her head with tears streaming down her cheeks quietly. She had been trying to control her emotions, but it was futile. Her heart was beating fast, and she felt annoyed about the situation.…It wasn’t just Nicole and Sharon that saw the trending page; in a psychiatric hospital, another pair of mother and daughter also read the news with darkened
expressions.Linda, especially, was falling on the verge of insanity again.“That b*tch! How dare she! How dare she!”I’ve had the worst life here, but Elisa is having the time of her life outside! She doesn’t deserve any of it!As soon as she finished wailing, her phone rang.
###chapter777
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 777
It was an unidentified caller, but Linda picked it up immediately.Without even waiting for her to reply, the caller said, “Prepare for the second thing tomorrow.” It was the high, sweet voice again.Linda immediately asked, “What are you planning to do?” She didn’t notice the excitement and anticipation in her voice.The caller chuckled. “Seems like you are ready to work together.”Rose frowned and shook her head at Linda, warning her to stay calm. However, Linda ignored her.She tightened her grip on the phone and said, “As long as you make her pay without affecting me, I will work with you!”The caller laughed again. “Since we are working together, I will protect my partner! You don’t have to worry about that. As for Elisa, I’ve never once wished her well.”The sweet voice sounded sinister at that moment, but Linda overlooked that. Instead, she said in excitement, “Sure! I’ll wait for your news tomorrow. It all depends on you now. I will give her a hard time as soon as I’m out!”Linda had utterly lost her cool, ignoring Rose’s signals.The caller was very satisfied with her reaction. “Very well. Let’s work well together. I’m sure you can handle your mother.”“Of course.”“Pack your things. You can get out in two hours.” Linda’s eyes widened with incredulity and shock. Two hours? Is she that powerful? How could she prove that she’s not related to the news?Before she could ask anything, the caller hung up.Linda was deep in her thoughts when she put her phone down. She seemed to have forgotten about her anger toward Elisa.Rose’s frown deepened as she looked at her. “How could you agree so abruptly? Do you know what it entails to work with her? If she’s influential, we might be involved in the rest of her plan!”Linda laughed coldly. “So what? She can let us out of here in two hours, but what can you do? You make me suffer here; how much longer do you want to subject me to it?”Rose kept frowning, still disagreeing with her daughter’s decision. “We can also be out after some time. There’s no need to be so hasty about it.”However, Linda gritted her teeth. “I don’t care! I just want Elisa to go to jail right now! I don’t want to see her disgusting face any longer!”Rose’s face darkened. I also want Elisa to get the retributions she deserves, but it’s not the right time now! If I stop Linda now, she won’t tell me anything in the future; if this continues, she will be knee-deep in this mess. What should I do?Taking a deep breath, Rose told her severely, “If that’s what you want, I won’t stop you. However, you must tell me
everything that person asks you to do. We can talk through it to see if she’s lying to you. Don’t do everything alone, okay?”
###chapter778
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 778
Linda frowned and sighed, “I know.”She didn’t trust the caller either, but she didn’t want to wait any longer. Rose was satisfied to see that she hadn’t lost her sanity. “Let’s wait for her news. Once everything is settled, we will get out of here as soon as possible,” she said with a nod.“Yeah.” …That day had come to an end quickly, but many people were unable to sleep.That night, Elisa woke up several times, not having rested enough.She would have been late if her alarm didn’t ring the next day.When Rachel met her outside the bathroom, she greeted her with a smile. “Morning, babe!”Elisa smiled. “Morning. I’ll make breakfast while you shower.”“No, I’ve already ordered food delivery. It’s almost here now.” She waved her phone at Elisa, who nodded.“Okay. I’ll leave you to brush up now.”Elisa seemed to be fine, but Rachel felt helpless about the situation. No matter what happened, Elisa was the type of person to act calm and collected, pretending everything was alright so that others wouldn’t worry about her.Nevertheless, Rachel was worried that she might still be upset upon the mention of their past.She entered the bathroom with the same helpless feeling stirring within her.Half an hour later, they parted ways with each other after breakfast.Rachel wanted to give Elisa some advice, but she didn’t do so. Elisa wasn’t someone who would require advice from others. Even if she did, Rachel’s advice wouldn’t be of use. She would need to seek therapy from a professional. That was why Rachel remained quiet in the end.After arriving at the office, people were looking at Elisa differently. Since Gareth confessed his feelings to her, no one dared to treat her as an ordinary employee.They realized the divorce was just a tiny squabble between the couple; Gareth had already regretted his decision and pursued her again.She’s going to be our boss’s wife soon. Who would dare to bully her?“Hi, Ms. Benett.”“Good morning, Ms. Benett.”“Hello, Ms. Benett.”She had been greeted by various people in the morning. And she knew very well the cause of the change.Is this how it feels to have someone more powerful backing me up?In the past, everyone addressed her as Mrs. Wickam, and now it was Ms. Benett.It was all because of Gareth. A look of sarcasm flashed through her eyes, but she didn’t want to have any further interaction with Gareth. After this case, she no longer wanted to be in his life.Nevertheless, life was complicated and annoying.Not long after she arrived in her office,
Thomas called her. “Yes, Mr. May?”“Ms. Benett, Mr. Wickam has a meeting regarding your project at half past nine. You are needed there to report the progress so that we can discuss the next step.”Elisa frowned. “Alright.”“Great.”With that, the call ended. However, Elisa looked at the phone mockingly.He didn’t even keep an eye on this project previously and handed everything to me. Is he supervising me now, worried I might sabotage the work because of yesterday’s events?
###chapter779
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 779
Hmph! Whatever! I have nothing to be afraid of.Half an hour was soon over. Everyone made their way to the meeting room. When Elisa arrived, the room was already occupied. Everyone greeted her again when they saw her.Though exasperated, she couldn’t do anything about it. A few more people arrived, followed by Gareth and Thomas, who were the last.Elisa was the only person in the room who didn’t look at them.Gareth’s broad shoulders and lean waist made him look even more indifferent in a suit. There was a grim look on his face, and his eyes exuded coldness. His tightly pursed lips accentuated the icy vibes he had been giving.The women in the room no longer dared to look at him, each lowering her head.As soon as he entered, he looked at Elisa, who was seated right next to the main seat.She was reading the documents in front of her calmly, but he could still feel the distance between them.Gareth frowned and sat down next to her while everyone held their breaths.He was not someone to be crossed, especially at that moment.Everyone was perplexed to see that. With Ms. Benett here, he should be in a good mood. Why is he so terrifying today?The people sitting close to him felt like they were frozen in their seats.Is it because Ms. Benett rejected him? That seems plausible. Some of them looked at Elisa begrudgingly. He is such a decent person. Why didn’t she accept him? Now, we have to suffer because of that. I can already imagine how we would be criticized later. If all our proposals are going to be shot down later, we have to spend the next few days rewriting them. This is tough…Since everyone had already arrived, Thomas looked at Elisa and announced, “Ms. Benett, we can start now. Can you report the latest progress in the project? Perhaps each department manager can also give an update.”Elisa said calmly, “Let’s start from the human resource department.”The human resource department manager froze upon hearing that.Though he was grateful that Elisa gave him the opportunity first, he felt nervous about Gareth’s presence.Nevertheless, he braved his insecurities and cleared his throat.“After the commencement of the project, we have changed how we recruit people. Right now, we have already recruited…”He reported the statistics and numbers fearfully. Nevertheless, it was already expected of the employees who worked with Gareth to produce good results.It didn’t alleviate his nervousness that he was not an exception to that expectation. After he finished speaking,
he still felt his hands trembling.The subsequent manager took the baton and started taking turns reporting to Gareth.Though everyone had a good report, Elisa frowned when she heard some minor mistakes.Meanwhile, Gareth’s face grew more solemn.
###chapter780
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 780
Gareth’s gaze landed on Elisa. Even though he didn’t say a word, she could feel the thick sarcasm in his eyes.Nevertheless, she ignored him and looked at the manager from the planning department instead. “Why did you shift the tasks around?”The manager quickly explained, “Everyone excels at different things. Since there are some changes in the project, we decided to work on the tasks that suit us most.” Gareth glanced at him coldly. “And the result is?”Realizing something was off, and the manager didn’t dare to look at Gareth. Instead, he turned to Elisa, whose face also carried a bleak expression.A shiver traveled down his spine. Oh no! I thought we would get better results that way, and I might even be praised by Ms. Benett and Mr. Wickam. Yet, I’ve arrogantly ventured away from our initial plan. I’m doomed!With such thoughts in mind, his legs trembled.Elisa remained silent, while the manager had no idea what had gone wrong.No one else dared to say anything. All the employees in the planning department panicked, their hearts palpitating wildly.Though they were just following orders, they were still from the planning department.Immediately, Gareth asked, “This is the result you promised, eh?”Elisa knew the odds were stacked against her. Gareth let her drive the project, but she didn’t realize the manager acted on his own accord. She had to take responsibility for that.Without any explanation, she nodded. “I’ve overlooked this.” Gareth’s frown deepened. He expected her to explain the situation.However, without waiting for his reply, she looked at the team from the planning department.“You shifted people around and exchanged tasks with another department, delaying our progress and reducing efficiency. You didn’t come up with the design or the plan, and now we have to call off our current plan. Now both departments have to work overtime to get back on track. Do you have any ions?”Everyone was speechless upon hearing that.What the hell? She resembles Mr. Wickam so much when she asks us to work overtime!Gareth pursed his lips quietly. He was clear on the boundary between work and personal life. He wouldn’t unleash his anger toward Elisa at work, but he felt annoyed at her calm and efficient way of handling things.She handled the situation perfectly, but his forehead creased in exasperation. No one dared to say anything, though they were unhappy about it.They directed their anger at the manager from the planning department. All he had to do was to
follow orders. Why did he make his own decision? Now we have to work overtime because of him!The manager panicked and quickly said, “I’m sorry for my mistake. I’m willing to work overtime without getting overtime pay. It’s because of my negligence, after all. I’ll pay for everyone’s overtime pay as well.”Elisa replied calmly, “It’s fine. Just carry out the work as you’re supposed to. I’ll take responsibility for this.”With that, she implied that she would pay everyone’s overtime fees out of her own money.The edges of his face hardened.
###chapter781
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 781
The manager heaved a sigh of relief but continued, “Let me do it. It’s my fault. How could I possibly make you pay–”Before he could finish his sentence, he felt a gaze so sharp it could only belong to Gareth. He was almost on the verge of tears. There’s nothing wrong with this.Elisa ignored him. “Let’s continue.” The next manager quickly reported their progress. Since everything else was going smoothly, Elisa resumed her usual demeanor.However, Gareth’s mouth remained set in a hard line the entire time.When everyone had finished reporting, silence fell in the meeting room again.Thomas arranged the meeting, so the rest had no idea what the agenda was. They were waiting for Gareth and Elisa to give instructions, but Elisa was determined to let Gareth do the talking.Sitting next to him, she could feel his pressure, but she completely ignored him.Gareth’s frown deepened when he saw her nonchalance. Then, he looked at Thomas, who got the cue quickly.“Ms. Benett, what’s your next plan?”“We have already spoken about this before, haven’t we? I believe Mr. Wickam has an eidetic memory.”Gareth shot a sharp look at her. “Judging from the current situation, I want to hear from you – can we still follow the original plan?”“Why not?”Gareth let out a cold snort. “What about the profit margin?”“Of course, it remains as predicted.”Everyone was speechless upon hearing that. They couldn’t understand the reason for the question. We were just discussing the plan. Why did they suddenly talk about the profit margin? Is it going to change because of the changes? We didn’t know at all! According to Ms. Benett, it remains as planned, but I’m sure Mr. Wickam has his reasons for doubting that unless Ms. Benett has a way out of this.Elisa explained coolly, “As we are going to work overtime, the progress won’t be affected. And I’ve finished the design for Phoenix Bridge, which should be implemented as planned. I can get sufficient manpower in three days. There’s no need to worry, Mr. Wickam.”Everyone was stunned upon hearing that. Once again, they didn’t understand her explanation.What is going on with Phoenix Bridge? It’s where we’re starting our construction, but we haven’t even entered the implementation phase. Why are they talking about it now? Everything is just beginning now. They’re really professionals – we can’t even follow the course of their conversation.Gareth looked at Elisa coldly. “There are some problems with the geography of Phoenix
Bridge.”“I’ve visited the site – it’s not a big deal.”Gareth’s gaze flickered. “I’m going to visit the spot later – you’re coming along.”Elisa frowned. She didn’t want to be alone with him, but she couldn’t reject his request because this was work-related.Despite feeling annoyed at his demands, she chose not to respond; a tacit agreement formed between the two.Everyone watched the situation unfold and realized something had changed in Gareth.Hmph? He seems more mellow today.
###chapter782
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 782
Elisa was still sullen because of the work trip to Phoenix Bridge with Gareth.Though it was in Bayswe, it was quite some distance away. Since they came from the opposite end of the city, traveling to Phoenix Bridge was akin to going to another city. Hence, if they traveled there in the afternoon, they wouldn’t have enough time to survey the sites. Therefore, it was likely they had to stay the night.The thought of it frustrated Elisa. However, Gareth had already given such a command in public. She knew she had to be professional about it; otherwise, there would be rumors about her flexing special privileges. Since she wanted to take Benett Group back, she couldn’t allow for such mishaps.This project, arranged by Gareth, was crucial to her.Everyone in the meeting room became silent. Some of the women there started to feel envious of her. How is she so lucky? She gets to marry Mr. Wickam, and even after their divorce, he still courts her. They have so much time to spend with each other alone. Ah, how I wish to be in her shoes!Many wanted to sigh out loud but didn’t dare to do so. It was a suicidal attempt – Gareth could fire them anytime if he were unhappy about it.The women could only keep their feelings for him a secret and watch over their boss from a distance, just like they would with a celebrity crush.Gareth left without any further comments.“You may leave now,” Thomas announced, leaving everyone baffled. Is the meeting ending early today? It’s so quick! They thought incredulously.As soon as Elisa and Gareth left the room, someone asked quietly, unable to hold themselves back. “Mr. Wickam didn’t say much at all. Instead, Ms. Benett was driving the meeting just now. Is he giving her the opportunity to lead?”Such an explanation didn’t occur to most people. They were still upset about the situation, but a look of understanding suddenly dawned on their face.A male employee straightened his tie and said, “Gosh! I didn’t think of it this way! That was the case after all!”The rest of the group left thoughtfully, though without any further comments.They didn’t dare to gossip about it in the meeting room and left with their belongings.However, after the meeting, rumors spread like wildfire.Some of them spread the rumors just because they liked gossiping. Meanwhile, others used it to warn people in their department not to follow in the footsteps of the previous woman who got fired from the human resources department.Everyone got back to work. When it was time for lunch, Thomas called Elisa to
tell her that it was time to leave and that she could walk to the basement parking lot.She didn’t reply to him, but her vexation increased.When she arrived at the basement, she saw Thomas and Gareth in front of her and quickly caught up to them.Then, Thomas opened the car door for her. “Ms. Benett, welcome.”She ignored him purposefully out of annoyance, not showing any signs of getting into the car.
###chapter783
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 783
Elisa immediately retorted, “I’ll take the passenger seat.”Gareth’s face darkened upon hearing that. As Elisa made her way to the passenger seat, Thomas interjected before she took more than two steps, “Mr. Shane’s seated in the passenger seat.”Elisa was speechless upon hearing that. She remained silent and walked back to Thomas, who still kept the door open for her.Why is Vincent going to Phoenix Bridge?She wanted an excuse to avoid sitting next to Gareth, so she tried to take the passenger seat.Yet, it didn’t go as planned.After getting in the car, Vincent turned around and beamed at her brightly. “Good afternoon, Ms. Benett!”He was joking when he addressed her as ‘Ms. Benett.’ Since everyone was doing the same, the weight of ‘Ms. Benett’ was equivalent to ‘Mrs. Wickam.’Elisa frowned and ignored him, but Vincent took delight in her response.“Come on. We’ve known each other before this – don’t ignore me! It’s so awkward!”Gareth also got into the car and sat right next to Elisa.Though there was some space between them, he exuded such power that made her feel uneasy.“Since we already know each other, do you still feel awkward?” Elisa asked coolly.“Of course!” Vincent replied without hesitation. Before he could continue, Gareth shot a hard look at him. Upon receiving such a look, he quickly turned around and spoke to Thomas instead.Elisa and Gareth ignored him, but he had a great time chatting with Thomas without stopping. The car continued on until they reached a restaurant.Vincent arched his eyebrows. “We’ve arrived in such a short time.”With that, he turned around to look at Elisa. “Come have lunch together, Ms. Benett.”Gareth was already out of the car, so he did not make any comment.Thomas smiled at her. “You can head toward the restaurant first, Ms. Benett. I’ll park the car.”“Okay.”Hence, Elisa got out and walked behind Gareth and Vincent.As soon as she entered the restaurant, she realized something was off.It was a popular restaurant, but there was no one to be seen during lunch hour, which usually attracted a huge crowd.They were the only ones there.I’m an idiot if I can’t tell that he already booked this place, she thought. Well, they’re rich.She entered the restaurant without overthinking it.However, she froze when Gareth and Vincent sat down.It was a rectangular table with couches on each side. There were no chairs, so she would have to share the couch with either of them since they sat opposite each other.Without any hesitation, she
sat right next to Vincent, which came as a surprise to him.“I don’t dare to sit next to you!”Elisa arched an eyebrow and ignored him.Gareth looked at her sharply, but she kept her head low, not looking at him at all.Vincent guffawed and said sarcastically, “Look at how unpopular you are! Apparently, girls like me better!”Elisa remained silent, but she had a feeling that Gareth was unhappy about the situation.
###chapter784
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 784
The waiter started serving the dishes pre-ordered by Thomas, so they could start the meal immediately.After he had finished parking, he froze when he saw their seating arrangement. Knowing Gareth well, he knew that he was unwelcome there.However, just as he was hesitating, Vincent said warmly, as though he didn’t understand the situation, “Come over, Thomas! We are going to leave as soon as we finish eating. There isn’t a lot of time!” Thomas was speechless upon hearing that. Forget the site visit – we are going to take a rest as soon as we arrive. It’s not urgent at all. He clearly wants me to be the third-wheeler.Neither Gareth nor Elisa commented on that.Thomas gritted his teeth and walked toward them unwillingly. Meanwhile, Vincent smiled at Gareth tauntingly. Just tell us that you want to sit next to her. You brought me here today just to sit together with her in the car, didn’t you? Thomas felt immense pressure while walking toward them. When he finally sat down, he suddenly felt uneasy.Throughout the course of their meal, he couldn’t focus on the taste of the food. He was all too aware of the sheer coldness permeating the air from Gareth’s presence.Elisa treated the entire situation nonchalantly and ate the food as usual.After finishing, she placed her cutlery down.At the same time, Thomas had no appetite and followed suit.Vincent glanced at both of them. “You guys are too fast!”However, as soon as he finished speaking, Gareth also placed his cutlery down and stared at him icily. You’d better finish your food quickly too, his gaze seemed to say Vincent was delighted to see that. He’s starting to take his anger out on us now because of Elisa.At that moment, Gareth commanded, “Get the car.”Vincent’s lips twitched. “Hey, I’m still eating here!”Gareth’s cold stare swept past him. “Aren’t you going to fetch someone?”Vincent’s face instantly darkened. He wanted to crack more jokes but was at a loss for words.Elisa showed no interest in their conversation whatsoever. She got up with Thomas and said, “I’ll follow you.”Thomas was put on a spot, so he left without another word.I should have left immediately just now. In that case, Elisa has no reason to follow me. Argh, life is so difficult! Being Mr. Wickam’s assistant is even more so!Vincent looked at Gareth after they left. “To be honest, I already asked Thomas about the deal between you and Elisa. The misunderstandings between you two have been around for more than several years. Shouldn’t you lower your pride now
that you want her back?”Gareth frowned and glared at him frostily.Vincent placed his hands on Gareth’s shoulders and squeezed them as though he wanted to calm him down. “I don’t care if you like her or think she’s a suitable match. The result will be the same, nonetheless. Judging from your pride and arrogance, do you think she will reconcile with you? Ha, in your dreams!”The veins on Gareth’s neck grew visibly more prominent. “Are you done?”“Of course, I’m not done. I–”Before he could continue, Gareth’s mocking voice rang. “You better focus on Rachel first before complaining about me.”
###chapter785
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 785
“D*mn! There’s nothing between Rachel and me! She took something of my mom’s! Please don’t confuse it with anything else.”The corner of Gareth’s lips curved slowly. It was obviously a sarcastic smile. Vincent was about to lose his temper. “D*mn! Why don’t you believe me no matter how many times I tell you?! Why would I be interested in that tomboy? Don’t let me hear something like this again!”Gareth looked at him indifferently. “When have you ever gotten this angry in the past when other women are brought up?” There was something strange about his temper. He could only have gotten angry because it hit his sore spot. His shame had turned to anger, and he was feeling irritable. Vincent now looked like he was about to explode.He snarled, “It’s because I hate that woman. There are so many beautiful women around. Why don’t you pair me up with a better woman instead?”“I don’t see you on the verge of losing your temper when other flawless women much better than Rachel are brought up.”“D*mn! There’s bad blood between Rachel and me! Bad blood!” Vincent was still refuting Gareth.But Gareth only sneered. He couldn’t be bothered to entertain Vincent any longer.Vincent scoffed as well. “Talk is cheap! Settle your relationship with Elisa before you give me advice!”Gareth looked at Vincent indifferently before standing up wordlessly.Vincent was still holding his cutlery. The three had been eating together, but he was now the only one left.He lost his appetite in an instant and put down his cutlery irritably. His brows wrinkled tightly.But in the end, he called Rachel.But at the next moment, his call was rejected.“D*mn! Stupid woman!” Vincent was annoyed and called her again!Rachel rejected his call again!He made yet another call!This time, she seemed to have been irked by the calls. She answered and cried out in a rage, “Can’t you take a hint from the rejected calls? Why are you still calling me? I’m busy!” Vincent answered indifferently, “Gareth and Elisa are going to Phoenix Bridge in the afternoon. They might not be coming back today.”In an instant, Rachel didn’t want to hang up any longer, while Vincent’s expression improved slightly.But in the blink of an eye, he had a nasty expression. She’s staying on the line because of someone else!“Why are they going there?”Vincent answered angrily, “Because Gareth is going on a business trip. Do you want to go? You can take care of your best friend and stop Gareth from bullying her.”“D*mn!” Rachel was slightly
irritated.Vincent’s face darkened a little. “Can you be more ladylike? You’re swearing at the drop of a hat. How coarse!”“I’ll do whatever the heck I want! Why do you care? It’s not like I’m marrying you!”Vincent was dumbstruck.He ground his teeth. He wanted to rush to the woman and seal her lips shut so she couldn’t say anything else!“So, are you going? I’ll bring you along if you are. Such an opportunity is rare!”“You’re being so kind?” Rachel’s voice was highly doubtful.Of course not!He was only taking her there so they could get closer, and he could eventually trick her and get back what belonged to his mom!But he could only hold it in and not say anything. He snorted coldly, “I don’t want to see Elisa being bullied! I don’t have all the time in the world. Are you going? If not, I’ll leave now!”“Yes, yes I am!”Rachel couldn’t be bothered about anything else. She was terrified that Elisa would get hurt!Vincent’s expression improved slightly, and he immediately said, “I’ll come and pick you up now.”“Alright. I’m at the law firm now.”Vincent ignored her and ended the call before going to the underground parking. He had arranged for his car to be sent over because he knew he would be eating there.At that time, Elisa and the other two arrived at their car.
###chapter786
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 786
Elisa didn’t feel like sitting at the back this time, so she sat in the passenger’s seat.Gareth’s cold expression darkened. This was a long and difficult trek. Elisa closed her eyes after getting into the car, preparing to sleep.But her cell phone vibrated, and she looked at it. It was from the group chat between her, Rachel, and Sheena.— Rachel: ‘Elisa, are you already with Gareth?’Surprise streaked across Elisa’s eyes. Who saw them together? Did someone tweet about it?— Elisa: ‘Yes.’— Sheena: ‘Why are you together? Is it for work?’— Elisa: ‘Yes. We’re going to Phoenix Bridge today because we have some matters to deal with.’— Sheena: ‘Phoenix Bridge? That’s so far away. Are you alone with Gareth?’— Rachel: ‘D*mn! It’s true! That jerk didn’t lie!’After that, Rachel sent a picture of herself looking scornful.— Sheena: ‘’— Elisa: ‘’— Elisa: ‘Thomas is here as well.’Elisa kept typing on her cell phone. From her position, Gareth couldn’t see the contents of her cell phone.Gareth raised his hands and massaged his temples.In the end, he reclined in the backseat as he shut his eyes to relax.But… Thomas could clearly feel waves of cold air attacking him from the back. It made him want to increase the temperature in the car.On the other hand, Elisa was still typing.— Elisa: ‘Vincent?’— Rachel: ‘Mm. Let’s talk later. I have to do some work.’— Sheena: ‘Go ahead. Liz, you won’t be coming back tonight, will you?’ — Elisa: ‘I don’t think so. It’ll be dark by the time we reach, so we won’t be able to do anything. We should only be inspecting tomorrow in the day.’— Sheena: ‘Ah, it’s a great resort, but Gareth is with you. You don’t have the time to enjoy yourself either… You have to be careful. It’s a slightly rough area.’— Elisa: ‘Mm. I understand. Don’t worry. I’m going to sleep for a while. You should rest too.’— Sheena: ‘Okay.’Just like that, the group quietened down again. Elisa put her cell phone down and closed her eyes to relax.The car was hushed without Vincent around. Elisa fell asleep unwittingly.She woke up when Thomas stopped to refuel on the way.She looked around and glanced at her cell phone. It was four in the afternoon. They were going to reach in about an hour.Thomas got into the car and put on his seat belt before he started driving again.There was radio silence in the car, but Elisa had slept for a few hours, so she couldn’t sleep anymore.She unlocked her cell phone and scrolled through Twitter. Everything was quite normal on Twitter today. She really didn’t want to be a
trending topic again.Gareth opened his eyes when there was movement from Elisa.As he watched her scroll her cell phone in a bored manner, the wrinkle in his brows seemed to have tightened.Coincidentally, at that moment, Elisa turned and glanced at him.Both their eyes happened to meet.Elisa was slightly startled, but at the next moment, she said calmly, “Can we return tomorrow?”The iciness around Gareth grew. His cold voice made its way into her ears. “We’ll return once we’re done with work. I don’t want to stay a moment longer with you either.”Elisa was dumbfounded.She was used to Gareth being like that in the three years they were married.
###chapter787
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 787
She couldn’t be bothered to say anything else to him. She put her cell phone down and closed her eyes again.Gareth’s expression darkened further as she ignored him. Thomas felt the car might implode from the cold air if this continued.Why aren’t they there yet? Why aren’t they there yet?!He subconsciously stepped on the gas harder.They finally reached amidst Thomas’ anticipation.At that moment, Thomas was excited. He finally didn’t have to tolerate the cold pressure any longer.Elisa got out of the car and took a breath in. She was in a pretty good mood. It was a shame that Gareth was around.Thomas parked the car in the hotel courtyard.The three of them walked in together.Thomas was naturally the one to deal with the check-in procedures.It was just that… when he gave them the room card, Elisa’s brows furrowed at once. “Why is it a suite?”‘She could still remember staying with Gareth in a suite the last time they went on a business trip. Now, they were staying in a suite together again!Thomas didn’t seem to have noticed anything. He said earnestly, “Ms. Benett, it’s dangerous here. You should stay with Mr. Wickam.”Elisa’s brows wrinkled tightly. “There’s no need. I know self- defense.”After that, she took out her ID and wanted to book another room, but Gareth looked at her coldly. “Go to the room.”Elisa couldn’t be bothered to speak to him. She looked at the receptionist. “Hello, please give me another room.”The receptionist looked at Elisa politely and said, “I’m sorry, miss. We are fully booked. There’s nothing available here if you don’t book in advance.”Elisa was dumbstruck.Thomas looked at Elisa. “Ms. Benett, it’s a suite after all. Let’s head up first.” Elisa looked at Thomas. “Let’s switch.”Thomas immediately held his room card tightly. It was as though something behind him was about to pierce through him. He didn’t dare to turn around and said at once, “We can’t switch. I haven’t been feeling too well for the past two days, and I’m afraid I will spread it to Mr. Wickam if I share a room with him.”Elisa answered, “Can you come up with a better excuse?”Thomas scratched the tip of his nose. He said calmly and shamelessly, “I’m serious.”Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything else.When the receptionist saw three gorgeous-looking people in front of her, she was indescribably excited. This is Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett! The other handsome man is Thomas, Mr. Wickam’s assistant!Thomas was a popular figure as well.He was handsome, rich, and had
extraordinary professional abilities. He was an outstanding man!Many women were enamored by Thomas.As for Gareth, more women were enchanted by him, but… Gareth had too strong a demeanor. He was aggressive and dignified, which intimidated many women at first glance. They were from different worlds. This was the reason why some women switched sides subconsciously and started to take notice of Thomas.Elisa didn’t want to say anything else now. She walked into the elevator.Thomas and Gareth followed her.Only the three of them were in the elevator, and there was radio silence again.Upon arriving at the room, Thomas opened the doors for Elisa and Gareth. He put the room card into the power outlet before leaving them tactfully. At the same time, a significant burden was lifted from his shoulders.Elisa walked in and changed her shoes. She didn’t want to say a single word to Gareth, and she walked into her room.Gareth’s face was cold. He didn’t want to speak to Elisa either.But… They didn’t know that downstairs, the scene that had played out between Elisa and Gareth was happening again.
###chapter788
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 788
“Why is it a suite? How can I stay in the same room with you?” Rachel had a dark, nasty, and unwilling expression on her face.“How is it the same room if it’s a suite?” Vincent’s face was also extremely dark. The woman had always spoken freely and said such things in front of many people. He had his reputation to think of! The receptionist stood behind the counter with a slightly awkward expression but didn’t say anything.Rachel couldn’t be bothered to talk to Vincent. She looked at the receptionist and said, “Please give me another room.” The receptionist repeated what she had said to Elisa. It was the truth, after all.“I’m sorry, miss. The rooms here are only available through bookings in advance. We don’t have any extra rooms available.”Rachel’s expression turned nastier instantly. She turned and looked at Vincent. “You knew beforehand that you would be coming here today?”Vincent sneered. Why would he know anything?Gareth did whatever came to his mind. Why would Vincent know anything in advance?“Both of us have year-round suites here. Do you understand? If you don’t want this, you can stay elsewhere yourself.”Rachel gritted her teeth. Liz is here. How can she stay elsewhere?At that moment, Rachel had a terrible expression. She gritted her teeth. “It’s fine!”After that, she walked into the elevator. Vincent’s face was dark, and he subconsciously cursed her silently.The two of them got into the elevator together just like that.When they got into the suite, Rachel went to the second bedroom. She couldn’t be bothered to speak to Vincent. They hadn’t eaten dinner yet, but Rachel had clearly lost her appetite.She went into the room and put her things down. The first thing she did after that was to call Elisa. At that time, Elisa was also in the second bedroom. She answered the call when she saw that it was from Rachel.“Rach?”“Have you arrived?”“Yes.”“Are you in Lunar Cove Hotel?” Rachel was still restless about staying in the same suite as Vincent.“How do you know?”“Of course. I’m here now! Which room are you in? I’ll come to look for you,” Rachel said as she got up. Before she could step out, Elisa said, “you’re here? Why are you here?”“I came to get some fresh air. What’s your room number?”“Let’s meet downstairs and grab some food together.” Elisa felt that she couldn’t get any answers on the phone. It was better to ask in person.“Alright.”The two went downstairs after that.Elisa didn’t have much appetite, but she thought of how Rachel might not have eaten.And Rachel didn’t have
any appetite, but she was afraid Elisa would be hungry, so she didn’t want to disappoint Elisa.Friends worried about each other like that.They ordered food once they met downstairs before they sat down.Elisa sized Rachel up. Upon seeing that Rachel had a regular expression but also looked like she had just been angry, she asked softly, “Why did you come here out of a sudden?”Rachel gritted her teeth. She wanted to swear when she thought of the jerk, Vincent!But she restrained herself and paused before saying, “I heard that you were coming, so I followed along. I thought that I could take a break as well.”Elisa’s brows immediately furrowed. Rachel was lying. It was evident that Rachel had come to keep her company.The next moment, she asked coldly, “Vincent told you?”Rachel nodded obediently. After all, it wasn’t hard to guess.
###chapter789
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 789
Elisa sighed in frustration. “You have a job of your own. You didn’t have to come and keep me company. Although I came with Gareth, he will protect me at the very least, even if he’s doing it for the company’s benefit.”“Of course, I know that. I just came to get some fresh air. It just so happens that you’re here. Let’s have a good time together when you’re free!” Rachel seemed to be particularly expectant when she spoke, but how could Elisa not understand her good friend? Elisa could tell that Rachel was extremely reluctant just by looking at her.But Elisa knew that Rachel had come over to accompany her willingly. Before Elisa could think about it further, Rachel looked at her and said, “Liz, which room are you in? Why don’t I move into your room and stay with you?’Elisa’s eyes flashed slightly. “I’m in Gareth’s suite.”“D*mn! Another suite! How can these men be so abominable!” Rachel couldn’t restrain herself and wanted to lose her temper, but she regretted her words as soon as she said them.Elisa stared at her. “Are you staying in Vincent’s suite?”She found out why Rachel was so unenthusiastic.Rachel gritted her teeth but told Elisa about it in the end. “Yes! He’s crazy. Only one suite was available when we arrived, and the suite was reserved for him all year round. The receptionist also told me that the rooms here have to be booked in advance. He must have guessed there weren’t other rooms available when he suddenly booked this place.”Elisa’s eyes flashed slightly, but she didn’t say anything.Gareth must have also thought to book this place at the very last minute. Furthermore, this hotel was the best in Phoenix Bridge. It was customary for Gareth to have a year- round room reserved for him.What Vincent said made sense too. Elisa sighed. “Although this environment is great, it’s slightly secluded and rough. I can defend myself, and Gareth won’t let anything happen to me. You can head back.”“Why should I head back? It hasn’t been easy for me to come. How can I head back?” Rachel pursed her lips and continued, “You mustn’t chase me away. I really like this place!”Elisa sighed in exasperation. The server happened to walk over with the food that they had ordered.“Let’s eat first.”“Alright.”…At the same time, Linda was at home. She had just returned.Previously, she had been told that her discharge procedures would be done within two hours. The person made it happen, but she and her mom were worried that there would be other problems, so
they put on a farce and had only just left the hospital.The person did, in fact, find evidence that would prove her innocence. It was air-tight. Even Linda felt the other party was terrific when she looked at it!But…After she returned home, she was slightly astonished. “Why are we here? Why aren’t we going home?”“This is home, too.”“Did Dad buy a new house?” Linda looked around, and her eyes were filled with disdain. “But this place is too small. How can we live here?”Rose’s expression changed slightly. A boundless rage flickered across her eyes. Her heart would feel more at ease if this was a new house, but it wasn’t!It was a house that Norman made his assistant rent for them!But she didn’t dare tell her daughter that. She was afraid that Linda couldn’t take it and that she would be affected again.Rose paused before looking at Linda and saying indifferently, “We’ve been cleaning the house so we can reorganize. We’ll be staying here temporarily for some time.”Linda evidently didn’t believe her! Her brows furrowed slightly as she looked at Rose. “There’s nothing that needs to be cleaned in the house. What on earth happened?”
###chapter790
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 790
Linda was smart. Sometimes, she could tell something wasn’t right with one glance.Rose was most afraid of how intelligent her daughter was. She could only keep her expression neutral and say calmly, “We’re just cleaning. I don’t like the layout, so I want to mix things up. The house has to be aired after renovation, which will take a few months at the very least. Let’s just stay here for now.” 
Linda immediately furrowed her brows tightly. 
“The house is completely new, and you used to like the design. Why are you changing things?” 
She stared at Rose and still felt that something wasn’t right. But Rose said in a dazed manner, “It’s all because of your dad’s assistant! The contractor he found tricked us and used cheap materials. It hasn’t been long, but the walls at home have started to crack.” 
Linda was slightly suspicious and still felt that it was strange.But she couldn’t put her finger on it. It was mainly because she couldn’t think of why they had to stay here.She paused before she said, “But even if we have to stay elsewhere, we can go to a better place! How are we going to stay in such a small place?” 
Rose took a breath in. She wanted to, but they didn’t have the money! 
That wench Elisa had tricked them out of everything.But Rose didn’t dare say such things to her daughter.Linda opened her mouth and clearly wanted to say something else, but she was interrupted by her cell phone ringing.Upon seeing that it was the anonymous call from before, she was suddenly excited. 
“That person is calling me. She must have made her move against Elisa!”Rose breathed a sigh of relief. She was thankful that the call distracted Linda.
“Hello.” The other party’s voice rang in her ear when Linda answered the call.“Gareth and Elisa are going for an inspection tomorrow. They’re at Phoenix Bridge, which is a bad area.” 
Linda wrinkled her brows. She thought that she would get good news, but that was all. She asked, “Do you mean that you’re only going to make a move tomorrow?” 
“Mm.”Linda was slightly displeased, but the other party’s word was law. What could she do? She felt that the person wanted to end the call, so she immediately said, “Can you give me a way to contact you? You’re always the one who’s looking for me, and I can’t get ahold of you.” 
“You don’t have to look for me. I will contact you directly if there’s anything.” The other party had a perky and girly voice, but it was eerily cold.Linda wasn’t satisfied. 
“Although that’s the case, I also have some ideas. You know how much I hate Elisa. I might have some good ideas, but if I can’t contact you or act on them, I might miss out on a good opportunity.” 
The other party paused for a moment before saying indifferently, “I will send you a way of contacting me.” 
Linda was relieved. “Alright. How do you plan on dealing with Elisa?” 
“You’ll find out tomorrow.”After that, the other party ended the call, and Linda’s expression immediately turned nasty. 
“Why is she being so secretive? She’s still hiding her identity from me and doesn’t want to tell me the truth!” 
“You previously felt that she’s competent and helpful.” Rose mocked her without hesitation.Linda bit her lips and retorted in an annoyed manner.
“Was I wrong back then? Isn’t she capable? Otherwise, could I have left the hospital so quickly? I just don’t like her air of superiority!”
###chapter791
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 791
Rose snorted coldly and said indifferently, “I’m going to cook. Just wait for a while.”Linda’s expression changed slightly. “You’re going to cook? What happened to our servants?’ Rose was stupefied.The house had been sold, and they didn’t have any money. How could they afford to hire servants? She said indifferently while she washed her hands, “You shouldn’t see any outsiders with your condition. Otherwise, they might discover your flaws and look for ways to hurt you. No one around us is reliable anymore. Do you really dare to trust anyone?”Linda furrowed her brows. She felt that what her mother said made sense, so she didn’t say anything in the end. She walked to the couch in the living room and sat down before turning on the television, but she was restless for some reason. “The couch and the television are too close to each other, aren’t they?”Rose could hear the agitation in Linda’s voice. Still, nothing could be done in their present situation, so she pretended she didn’t hear anything and ignored Linda.…The sky darkened. Elisa and Rachel returned to their respective rooms after finishing their meals.It was a risky area, and it was getting late. It wasn’t safe to go out.Elisa went into the suite and saw Gareth sitting on the couch with a cloudy expression. She didn’t want to talk to him, so she changed her shoes and walked to her room.Gareth looked at her coldly. “Where did you go?”“Downstairs to eat with Rachel,” Elisa replied indifferently.Gareth continued looking at her icily. “Do you treat me as a fool?”Elisa was flabbergasted.What she said was the truth. Does Gareth think that she’s deceiving him?“It’s up to you to believe me.” Elisa returned to her room after that.But…Elisa didn’t know that Gareth had been waiting to eat with her. Gareth stayed seated on the couch with a dark expression. His cell phone rang, and it was a call from Thomas. He answered the call and said, “No preparations needed.”He hung up after that.On the other end, Thomas seemed to have understood something. He had seen Elisa and Rachel together when he was downstairs.Gareth had hung up on him before he could say anything. Thomas touched the tip of his nose. Right now, he could picture his boss’ malicious expression. Ms. Benett… must be in for a rough night…Just as Thomas was thinking about it, Gareth got up and made his way to Elisa’s room. He said coldly, “Open the door.”He had heard Elisa closing and locking the door just now.Elisa was in the bathroom, and water was flowing.
She couldn’t hear Gareth at all.Gareth’s expression darkened.He suddenly raised his hands.‘Bang!’He knocked on the door hard. Elisa, who was taking a shower, was surprised. She immediately turned off the running water and heard Gareth’s voice. “Open the door!”Elisa’s brows immediately furrowed tightly. Is he ill?!“I’m taking a shower!” Elisa’s voice was intertwined with fury. Gareth was always so temperamental. She couldn’t take it anymore!Gareth was dumbstruck.His expression was awfully icy. “I’m counting to three!”After that, if Elisa didn’t open the door, Gareth would do something extreme.Elisa gritted her teeth. There weren’t other rooms here. She was afraid that Gareth would really kick the door down, and she wouldn’t have a place to stay tonight.She wrapped herself in a towel at once and quickly walked to the door.“What are you doing? I said that I was taking a shower.”‘Bang!!’The door seemed to be shaking.Elisa’s expression changed at once. She didn’t dare to think further and opened the door immediately!After that, Gareth’s cold and vengeful expression appeared before her eyes instantly.And Gareth’s gaze immediately fell on Elisa, who was wrapped in a towel.
###chapter792
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 792
He was slightly startled. He never thought that Elisa was actually showering.She was wrapped in a towel that wasn’t very big and barely covered her thighs. There were still drops of water on her delicate collarbone. Further down, indistinct terrain could be seen. Gareth’s pupils shrank slightly, and his thin lips were tightly pursed straight. He didn’t say anything.Elisa’s hands gripped her towel, fearing it would fall. Her brows were furrowed tightly. “What on earth do you want?” She moved slightly, and a strand of hair fell to her bosom, blurring her vague terrain. Gareth’s eyes flashed slightly, and his Adam’s apple bobbed a little. He suddenly couldn’t say a single word, so he turned and walked out.Elisa was stupefied.How puzzling!She didn’t say anything and was about to close the door to continue her shower when Gareth’s voice was heard in the next instant. “Come out after you’re done with your shower!”Elisa’s face darkened. She gritted her teeth and didn’t say anything before she closed the door and continued her shower.Once she was done showering and blow-drying her hair, Elisa put on her pajamas and walked out.She saw that Gareth had also showered, and her brows wrinkled slightly. “Why were you looking for me?”Gareth’s gaze fell on her. She was wearing a simple and loose white nightgown. There weren’t many embellishments, but it seemed particularly elegant on her. Even if it was just a nightgown, it seemed like it had been designed by a top-rate designer. It was elegant and beautiful.He looked away and didn’t look at her anymore. “Draw up a plan.”Gareth’s voice was particularly icy, and he mistreated Elisa. Elisa’s brows furrowed tightly. She didn’t say anything and waited for the man to continue.Gareth opened his notebook and put it on the coffee table. “Come here.”Elisa pursed her lips. She had just showered and didn’t want to sit on the couch.But from Gareth’s attitude, she had no other way. She frowned and walked to sit next to Gareth before naturally looking at the screen of his notebook.Her brows wrinkled slightly. “I’ve studied Phoenix Bridge. I know everything, and no further plan is needed. I can take you around tomorrow and explain everything.”Gareth instantly smelled her fragrance after she sat down abruptly. His cold eyes suddenly deepened, and he was inexplicably restless.But after a moment, he restrained himself before turning to look at her. “Am I the boss, or are you the boss?”Elisa was startled.She wanted to swear.She really
wanted to curse at him and didn’t hold herself back. She looked at him coldly. “Can a boss oppress their employees? Moreover, I’ve never been your employee!”She truly felt that Gareth was finding fault on purpose and wanted to teach her a lesson. She thought he wanted to look for problems and make her think of ways to solve them. In any case, she sensed that he didn’t want her to be idle.Gareth suddenly laughed in his rage. “Since I’m the bankroller now, you should lose the attitude. Benett Corporation is in a mess. Can you make a comeback soon without this project with me?”Elisa was stuck.She took a deep breath and didn’t want to continue this topic with the man any longer. She shut her eyes and seemed to restrain her emotions before saying in a low voice, “I don’t need your sympathy or help. This project is mutually beneficial. As for making a comeback, I can do it without you. I might just have to take a longer time at the very most.”
###chapter793
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 793
Gareth’s expression darkened. “Take a look for yourself and see if I’m really finding fault with you.”After that, Gareth threw the notebook at her. Elisa furrowed her brows and looked at the screen in silence.She had glanced at it just now. But after Gareth said such a thing, she could only look at it earnestly.There was a Word file on the screen with ten pages. From the column on the left, it could be seen that every page was filled with words.A bystander might have had a headache just by glancing at it and may think that reading so many words was exhausting.But Elisa was fast. After reading two pages, she understood that she had misjudged Gareth.She didn’t say a word and read all ten pages.Now, Elisa had calmed down. Gareth hadn’t gone anywhere and stayed next to her.Elisa’s expression was slightly complicated, but she wasn’t feeling guilty. Gareth had always been temperamental and had nitpicked multiple times in the past. Elisa didn’t feel like she was in the wrong, even if she had misjudged him this one time.After that, she cut to the chase. “I’ve read it all. If you want to amend the proposal after the inspection, we can…”Elisa expressed her thoughts.Nothing she said was fluff. She got straight to the point and was concise. Everything she said was essential yet straightforward, and she talked for twenty minutes straight.At first, Gareth had a nasty expression because of Elisa’s attitude. But when she spoke about work earnestly, he started to be attracted by her plan. Elisa’s mind was also particularly nimble. They were reorganizing the project, but she could come up with a proposal so quickly. At that moment, Gareth’s admiration for her could almost be seen.But Elisa wasn’t looking at his expression. She was used to his cold demeanor.After everything was said, Elisa looked at Gareth. “These are my initial thoughts. It has to be amended again in the future, but if you feel like we can work with a preliminary draft, I can work on it now.”Elisa had never been careless when it came to working and always had a good attitude. She wouldn’t feel that other people had to do such things on her behalf just because she was a wealthy young lady.Gareth nodded indifferently. “Let’s talk about which points should be added.”Elisa looked at Gareth and didn’t say a word, waiting for him to go on.His magnetic and sweet-sounding voice rang in her ears after that.Elisa’s eyes flashed. Although this person was stubborn and temperamental, she couldn’t help but admit that he was
outstanding. Everything he said was forceful, and he could pinpoint the loopholes in her plan before rectifying and adding on to them, improving the project.Her heart was full of praise for Gareth, but she wouldn’t express a single word to him.But if Gareth knew what she was thinking of, he would also admire her. If he didn’t point out the loopholes now, the flaws would have been detected after Elisa was done with the current plan. He had just saved them some time and come up with a complete proposal.After he brought up some points, Elisa felt they were lacking and started discussing them further. As they continued their discussions, it was midnight.
###chapter794
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 794
They didn’t notice that it was so late.While they were discussing, the other suite wasn’t as harmonious as theirs. Rachel had a dark expression as she returned to her room. She felt that Vincent had wrong intentions.This dunce was always trying to approach her to get that thing back. She would never let him snatch it away from her. It belonged to her! At that moment, Vincent was filled with rage. He was irritated at the sight of her and growled, “You stupid woman. Couldn’t you tell me that you were going to eat? Didn’t you know that I was waiting for you?”Rachel laughed in her rage at the jerk. “Did I ask you to wait for me? Have we ever eaten together peacefully? Were you really waiting for me? Pfft… I’d be a fool to believe you!”Vincent ground his teeth. “Why can’t I wait for you to eat together? You’re being so unreasonable!”Rachel laughed in her rage, and she looked at Vincent in a slightly confused manner.“How can you say that I’m being unreasonable? What relationship do we have for you to call me unreasonable? Have I been nagging you? Am I an ex-girlfriend who assaulted you? How am I being unreasonable?”Rachel had a sharp tongue. When met with someone like Vincent, she didn’t hold back and said whatever she wanted to.Vincent was dumbfounded.He gritted his teeth. “Bringing you along was a freaking waste of space!”After that, Vincent got up and walked out. When he shut the door, Rachel heard a loud noise and was worried that the door would fall out.“He’s crazy!” Rachel said as she went to her room. He can do anything he wants. What does it have to do with her? Did he wait to eat with her? She felt that the jerk was finding fault. How can he be so kind as to wait to eat with her? He made an exception by bringing her along this time. He wouldn’t pay so much attention to her if not for that thing. Hmph……After Vincent came out, he was exceptionally moody and irritable, so he called Gareth, who answered the call.Vincent lit a cigarette as he said, “Let’s have a drink?”Through the phone, Gareth could feel Vincent’s restlessness.“Sure.” Gareth ended the call before putting on a coat and walking out.There was a bar downstairs. Furthermore, they stayed on the same floor and could see each other. There was no need to set a designated spot to meet.Vincent was in the corridor. Upon seeing Gareth walk out, he stood unmoving at his spot, waiting for Gareth to walk over to him since he was closer to the elevator.Vincent leaned against the wall behind him, and there was still a cigarette in
one hand. Gareth walked over to Vincent and stopped as he sized up Vincent’s disturbed expression.He didn’t need to guess why Vincent felt that way, so he didn’t say a word.Vincent puffed on the cigarette before putting it out and throwing it into the trash.The two of them walked into the elevator together, and Vincent seemed like he couldn’t hold it in any longer. He looked at Gareth and asked, “Don’t you plan on asking me what happened?”“Do I need to ask?” Gareth looked at him indifferently. Vincent’s emotions were written clearly on his face.Vincent was dumbstruck.He furrowed his brows and gritted his teeth in an unruly manner. “Once I get my mother’s belongings back, I will deal with this woman once and for all!”Gareth raised his brows and didn’t say a word.It was clear he didn’t believe Vincent.
###chapter795
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 795
Upon seeing Gareth’s expression, Vincent’s heart suddenly constricted. “Why? Don’t you believe me?”Gareth’s lips twitched. “Let’s talk about it after you get it.” Vincent was startled.The elevator doors opened, and Vincent gritted his teeth. “I just can’t get the freaking thing from her now. If not for my principles and boundaries, could she have held on to it for so long? Would I have allowed her to do so?!” The two walked out together, and Gareth didn’t say anything. To him, Vincent was speaking in a rage. He was drunk before having any drinks.Vincent and Gareth soon arrived at the bar, and the former didn’t say anything to the latter as he had a drink alone. Vincent paused for a moment before looking at Gareth. “I questioned her just now. Tell me, is Rachel a fool? Didn’t she know that I was waiting to eat with her? She didn’t let me know and just ate with Elisa. I brought her here. Shouldn’t she win favor with me instead?!”Gareth’s face instantly darkened.Elisa had done the same. She hadn’t informed him before going out to eat with Rachel. His temper had yet to cool over this.“Right now, she doesn’t know her place at all! Does she think that I’m trying to curry favor with her? Does she not believe in karma? Has she never thought about how I might deal with her after I get my thing back if she continues treating me like this?”“Pfft.” Gareth looked at him indifferently. “Can you bear to deal with her?”“Of course!” Vincent seemed to be slightly embarrassed but quickly turned to anger. “This tomboy isn’t ladylike at all. Why wouldn’t I be willing to deal with her?”Gareth didn’t say anything, and he silently drank from his glass. Rachel didn’t eat with Vincent because it was clear that she didn’t treat him as a friend. She didn’t have any messy feelings for him, so it was normal for her to do so. Then… what about Elisa?Gareth’s expression instantly turned cold. Even Vincent could feel the surrounding temperature reducing and immediately turned to look at the source. He saw Gareth’s frosty eyes before asking curiously, “What’s going on with you?”Gareth pursed his lips and didn’t say a word.But Vincent suddenly came to his senses, and his thoughts chased his restlessness away. At the next moment, he looked at Gareth high-spiritedly. “Could you also be furious because Elisa didn’t wait to eat with you?”Gareth wrinkled his brows. “No.”“D*mn! That’s obviously the case! Haha… I’m not the only incensed one.” Even though Gareth was shrewd and insightful, Vincent, Jeremy, and Gareth were like
brothers who had grown up together. It could be said that they understood each other. Even if Gareth denied it, Vincent could tell that Gareth was unhappy about it!In the blink of an eye, Vincent suddenly felt it was fair. At long last, he wasn’t alone any longer.Gareth’s sharp gaze swept toward him. “I’m different from you.”“Different? How are you different?”“Rachel really doesn’t have you in her heart,” Gareth said simply and concisely.Vincent’s expression instantly turned nasty. He ground his teeth and said, “D*mn! What does it have to do with me if she doesn’t have me in her heart? I’m glad I’m not in her heart. What would I do if she sticks to me and affects my dating game?”But Vincent could tell that he was getting restless again. He looked at Gareth in a dissatisfied manner. “You say that we’re different. Don’t tell me that Elisa has you in her heart?”
###chapter796
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 796
At this time, Vincent couldn’t be in a lousy mood alone. He also had to drag Gareth down as a sign of true friendship.Upon seeing Gareth drink indifferently in silence, Vincent continued, “I think Elisa has completely let you go.” Gareth’s eyes flashed slightly.Vincent was in high spirits when he saw it. “To be accurate, by appearing at the banquet with Will and requesting a divorce in public, she has truly given up on you.” Gareth drank and didn’t say anything.Vincent clinked glasses with him. “After that, she did a series of things and didn’t need you, nor did she approach you. If not for the fact that you took the initiative to look for her, I’m afraid she might have vanished on her own accord.”Gareth was calm and collected, but Vincent felt that the glass in Gareth’s hand was about to be crushed.“Ah. You’re like this. Won’t you admit that you’ve fallen in love with her?”Gareth immediately scoffed. “Is she worthy of my love?”“Is she not? Otherwise, why are you so eager to bring her out? Is it really for work?”“What else could it be?” Gareth’s cold eyes swept to him.“That’s nonsense. You clearly want to spend time alone with her! Even though your grandma forced you to personally pick roses for her, with your personality, did you really do it because your grandma forced you to? Who can force you to do anything you don’t want to?”Gareth furrowed his brows, and Vincent continued. “But you still did it for her personally to prove it to her. The next day, everyone at the company saw your confession to her. You even let the media report it recklessly to defeat your rival in love. You’re so devious, Mr. Wickam.”“Nothing good comes out of a scoundrel’s mouth.” Gareth drank again. He couldn’t be bothered to say anymore. But Vincent was overjoyed. “You even prepared a surprise for her after that. You took the trouble to give her such an exquisite pair of heels, Mr. Wickam. Can’t I even joke about it?”When the heels were mentioned, Gareth’s expression darkened instantly. This time, he didn’t try to hide it. The air around him grew like a cold winter wind. The pit of his stomach grew cold as well.Vincent noticed it, and his curiosity was piqued by Gareth again. He looked at Gareth and asked, “Can you tell me what happened that day? Why couldn’t Elisa restrain herself in front of your grandma?”Gareth didn’t say anything. He finished his one drink in one go and poured himself another before doing the same.Vincent could clearly feel that he was in a bad mood. Otherwise, he wouldn’t drink in such a
manner.Vincent knew that he couldn’t agitate Gareth any more. He asked differently, “Do you want to talk about it? I don’t think it’s good to hold it in alone. Moreover, don’t you want to get married again? Even if no feelings are involved, isn’t Elisa the most suitable person? You can tell me about it, and I can help you look into redeeming the relationship.”Gareth pursed his lips and didn’t say anything.Vincent continued, “I know you don’t want to talk about it, but if you continue dealing with it in this manner, you will miss the opportunity with Elisa entirely. Is this what you want?”Gareth looked at him indifferently. “Are you done?”“No!” Vincent knew that Gareth couldn’t be convinced, so he went on. “Elisa is now miles away from you. The matter with Rene Caovilla definitely wasn’t something minor. Do you know what happened? If you do, you can tell me about it. If you don’t want to explain it to her, I can look for a way to let her know that you didn’t do it on purpose.”
###chapter797
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 797
When Vincent saw Gareth's dark face, he continued, "So, you have to tell me. What on earth happened?" 
"There's nothing to say." Gareth put down his glass. At that moment, he wasn't in the mood to drink any longer. 
He didn't want to tell anybody what had happened that day, and it wasn't because he had been humiliated by how Elisa had treated him. Rather… he didn't want anyone to know what had happened between them in the past. 
Vincent was confounded. 
He had tried hard to persuade Gareth but couldn't get any answers. He suddenly lost his head at this impasse. "D*mn! I should have ignored you since my life is in shambles anyway!" 
Gareth glanced at him indifferently. Gareth had cautioned Vincent previously. It was pointless to advise Vincent anymore. 
The two of them started to drink in silence. 
When they had their last drink, Vincent gritted his teeth and said, "This woman will get more than she bargained for sooner or later!" 
"Don't lose more than you gain." Gareth got up after that. "It's late. Let's go back." 
The two had drunk a lot, but neither of them looked tipsy. Instead, they seemed remarkably sober. 
Vincent didn't say anything, and the two walked back to their suites together.
Both their suites had the same layout. The two walked into their respective suites, and the living rooms were empty. The gorgeous lights brightened the entire living room, but the two men looked at the door of the second bedroom at the same time. The door was shut tight, and there wasn't any noise from inside. Elisa and Rachel must have fallen asleep. 
Gareth and Vincent didn't say anything. They went into their bedrooms and lay down after taking a shower. 
But… 
Perhaps it was the influence of alcohol. The two men were still very much awake and not sleepy at all. 
Their minds were filled with images of the two women. 
… 
The next day, Elisa woke up early, and she took the breakfast that Thomas had sent over. 
She had freshened up and unpacked breakfast when she saw Gareth walk out of his bedroom. 
Gareth and Elisa were still in their pajamas as they sat across from each other at the dining table. 
Elisa ate silently and didn't plan on speaking to Gareth. 
And Gareth only ate a little before he lost his appetite. 
Elisa glanced at him indifferently before she continued eating. She always had a good appetite and had never missed a meal, except when she was falling apart. 
She had fallen apart countless times in the three years of their marriage.
After eating breakfast, Elisa returned to her room and washed up before she walked out in a change of clothes. 
Gareth had already vanished. 
She opened the door to go downstairs when her cell phone rang. 
"Ms. Benett, are you ready? We're prepared to leave." 
"Mm. I'm coming down." 
"Alright." 
After she hung up, she walked out. When she saw Gareth's car, she walked over and wanted to sit in the passenger seat. She didn't want to have too many interactions with the man. 
But… when she saw a plump middle-aged man in the passenger's seat, Elisa had a slightly surprised expression. Ultimately, she walked to the backseat unwillingly and sat next to Gareth. 
Thomas immediately introduced the person in the front seat to Elisa. "Ms. Benett, this is the person in charge of Phoenix Bridge, Mr. Moore." 
Dennis Moore immediately looked at Elisa and smiled politely at her. "Hello, Ms. Benett." 
Elisa nodded as she smiled and said, "Hello, Mr. Moore." 
She had a gentle attitude and an elegant demeanor. Gareth's gaze fell on her.
###chapter798
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 798
Elisa sat silently in her seat and didn't say anything else to this man. 
The man in the passenger's seat wasn't showy and had good manners. He knew Elisa and Gareth had a delicate relationship, so he didn't say anything else to Elisa. 
Elisa took out her cell phone and casually looked at it. There were clearly four people in the car, but it was so quiet it was almost as if the vehicle was empty. 
They reached their destination shortly. 
Dennis looked at Gareth and Elisa as he spoke politely. "This is a good area for development, but it's a little rough. It can be a little unsafe, so please be careful. I brought with me many bodyguards that are dispersed all around. If anything happens, they will appear to protect you." 
Elisa and Gareth didn't say anything. Thomas smiled and said, "Thank you for your consideration, Mr. Moore." 
"It's nothing!" Dennis glanced at Elisa and Gareth. He smiled and said, "Let's start the inspection now." 
He led the way and didn't say anything else. 
The three followed him and looked around. 
Phoenix Bridge had incredible scenery. If their project could be developed here, it would be great! 
Phoenix Bridge used to be Gareth's territory. 
Gareth inspected this area a few years ago, but there were changes after a long time. He had to be particularly cautious when starting a new project. After all, tens of billions would be invested into
Phoenix Bridge. Everyone had to be careful. 
After inspecting this area, there were still other areas. Thomas was thinking that if Mr. Wickam wanted to be alone with Ms. Benett, he could just use the excuse of continuing the inspection. 
Dennis explained the current situation for an hour straight. 
There were many passersby along the way. When they saw a group of elegant, dignified, and good- looking people, they couldn't help but stare. There were even people who secretly took photos. 
And naturally, they trended on Twitter. 
Old Madam Wickam beamed when she saw it. She felt that the two kids were going to reconcile. 
But… 
Darren's expression was particularly terrifying. "Why are you smiling? A smart man doesn't dwell on his past actions. Look at how immature your grandson is!" 
"Keep quiet! My grandson isn't immature, and Liz isn't a nobody! They are a match made in heaven. They had some conflicts previously, and you were just an old man without self-respect as you directed them blindly! Even a mature person would be misdirected by you! Have you heard that it's bad luck to destroy a marriage?" 
"What does this have to do with me? You're shifting the blame to me again!" Darren's face was dark, and his voice was slightly irritable. 
He didn't want the two to reconcile at all! 
"You dare say that this has nothing to do with you? If it wasn't for you! The kids had a conflict, and they would solve it sooner or later, but you had to talk to our grandson and make a move on his behalf. Are
you telling me that you had nothing to do with it? You can do anything for profit! I don't think we can go on any longer! Let's get a divorce! Perhaps one day, you might even trample on me for profit!" 
Darren's face was nasty. "Divorce? We've been married for so many years, but you want to get a divorce now? When have I ever deceived you?" 
Julia's face was dark. "You have bad character! I must have been blinded by love back then. How could I have married you?!"
###chapter799
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 799
"You…!" Darren pointed at Julia. Still, seeing how she refused to concede and was about to get into a row with him, he forcefully put his hand down in a rage. "You're unreasonable!" 
He got up and walked out. 
Julia gritted her teeth. "If you interfere between the two of them, we are going to get a divorce!" 
'Bang!' 
Darren suddenly shut the door loudly. 
Julia was slightly enraged and cried out in her fury. "Don't talk to me again!" 
Darren, who was outside, heard it. In his rage, he glanced at Julia through the window and saw that she had stood up and made her way upstairs. 
… 
Elisa and the rest were still inspecting the area, but… 
Something happened. 
Just as Dennis was planning to explain more to them, a group of people taking pictures at the side came forward as if wanting to take photos of them up close. 
Elisa felt that something was strange with these people. 
They seemed to have an ulterior motive, and they were all looking at her.
If they were just taking pictures, she wouldn't be suspicious. Everyone's gaze should be directed at Gareth, but these people were approaching her. This wasn't right. 
At that moment, Gareth and Thomas also noticed that something was up. Gareth subconsciously took a step toward Elisa. 
Thomas also immediately walked to Elisa. The two men stood on either side of Elisa and protected her. 
But this didn't stop those people from coming over. 
A man in a white shirt with pretty good looks took out a dagger hidden in his sleeve. He unsheathed it in the blink of an eye and aimed it at Elisa's abdomen! 
Elisa shivered. Before she could do anything, Thomas raised his long leg and kicked the person's wrist! 
The man didn't think that Thomas would be so fast. There was a sharp pain in his wrist, and he couldn't hold on to the dagger. It flew away at once. 
Upon seeing the situation, the other people didn't hide any longer. They immediately rushed forward with weapons, but no one had a gun. 
Elisa's brows furrowed tightly as Gareth and Thomas started to defend her. 
Darren was astonished by the situation before him. He waved his hands, and people rushed forward from around them. 
But the attackers seemed like they didn't fear death. 
Even if they were punched or kicked, it was as though they didn't feel pain. With daggers in their hands, they rushed toward Elisa!
And these people had legitimate skills. As for Dennis' bodyguards, some of them couldn't even beat these attackers. 
Gareth and Thomas could ward off some of the assailants, but they were no match for the sheer amount of people! 
Just as they were trying to protect Elisa, five or six people rushed in Elisa's direction! 
Dennis' expression changed. Upon seeing that tourists were staring straight at them fearfully, he shouted at them angrily. "Quick! Call the police! Tell them Mr. Wickam is in trouble!" 
Some tourists came to their senses and immediately took their cell phones out. 
Elisa looked at the attackers who were rushing over with her guard up. There were daggers in their hands, and blinding gold rays from the sun were reflected on the blade. 
These assailants had deliberately angled their daggers in such a way in the direction of Elisa's eyes. 
Just as Elisa furrowed her brows and narrowed her eyes slightly, four attackers made their move! They rushed at Elisa and wanted to stab her in the pit of her stomach!
###chapter800
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 800
They wanted to kill Elisa! 
"Be careful!" 
Gareth was the one who said it. 
Of course, Elisa had noticed these people charging at her. When the first person attacked her, she turned to the side. She grabbed his arms and raised her leg to strike the man's crucial region! 
'Pow!' 
Elisa was ruthless. In an instant, the man howled in grief! 
Other assailants who wanted to wipe out Elisa behind the man felt their bodies stiffen. Their actions slowed down subconsciously. 
Elisa's heels stepped on the wrist that was holding the dagger. The man was already in extreme pain, but as the sharp and delicate heel stepped on the veins of the back of his hand, he was in even more pain that his cold sweat flowed uncontrollably. In that instant, Elisa picked up his dagger. 
Gareth's eyes flashed slightly. This was the first time he saw Elisa's skills. 
He quickly dealt with the man he was fighting with and wanted to help her but was met with others. 
Dennis panicked at the side! 
In any case, he was the one who oversaw that scenic area. He never imagined such an incident would occur when his boss came for an inspection. Would he still be able to maintain his position?
He glanced at the onlookers hiding far away. "Does any one of you know how to fight? I'll give a big reward to those who can defeat these attackers! I'll give out one hundred thousand to each assailant you defeat!" 
Those who were far away were instantly eager to try! 
Defeating one person was one hundred thousand! They could work together to defeat one person! If it worked, they could continue working together! 
"Why don't we go and help? The five of us can work together. If we defeat five assailants, we will get one hundred thousand each. Are we going? It's one hundred thousand!" Some people had started to discuss it among themselves. 
As for Elisa, the remaining four people rushed at her together. But before they could do anything, Elisa held the dagger up and aimed it at their vital region! 
The person closest to her took a step back. Elisa immediately rushed forward and twisted her wrist to aim it toward another person who was charging her! 
Seeing that the dagger was about to graze his face, the man immediately leaned back while Elisa kicked him conveniently! 
"Ah!" 
The end of Elisa's heels was sharp, and she was forceful. Another man lay on the ground! 
He happened to fall in a slant and instantly stopped two men who were rushing forward. Elisa ignored them and looked at the attacker on her right. The man felt a chill in his crucial region, but the fury in his heart grew. He was annoyed that a woman could do such a thing to them! 
This wench had gotten rid of a few men in one go!
Will their vital regions still work? 
This wasn't what they wanted. 
At that moment, the onlookers rushed over for the sake of money! 
But… 
The assailants were too vicious! 
The onlookers were quickly and effortlessly brought down by the attackers. Other than Elisa, they didn't want to hurt anyone, so the onlookers only sustained minor injuries. 
They only used force when they faced Elisa! 
Just as Elisa was blocking from left and right, there was a casualty! 
Gareth saw someone rush from behind Elisa as she dealt with the three people in front of her. His face was ice-cold as he cried out, "Behind you!" 
Gareth bolted to her! 
Thomas also quickly rushed to Elisa. 
However, the assailant was closer to her and faster. While Elisa was occupied with the three, he rushed over and stabbed the pit of Elisa's stomach!
###chapter801
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 801
'Squelch!' 
That was the sound of the dagger piercing through her flesh! 
Gareth's pupils shrank at once, and his expression completely changed! 
Thomas was also panicked! 
Elisa groaned dully and immediately slapped the man away. She forced through the pain and instantly broke free from the man's dagger! 
She had sensed danger just now, and the dagger avoided crucial areas. The man's blade pierced the side of her body, which was parallel to her heart. It didn't crack any of her bones. 
But… 
The puncture was very deep. Fresh blood was already flowing out! 
"D*mn it!" Gareth was livid! 
Seeing the person's dagger covered in Elisa's blood, Gareth kicked him away! 
He immediately rushed to Elisa's side, and there was a rare gentleness to him. "Hold on!" 
Elisa took a breath and said in a low voice, "It's not a crucial spot. I'm fine." 
She would have cried uncontrollably or faint if she was any other girl, but not Elisa. Not only did she maintain her usual tone, but she also observed her surroundings vigilantly.
Someone had called the police, and they arrived quickly. There were guns in their hands as they cried out coldly, "No one move!" 
At that moment, the assailants knew they were in a tight spot. Those near Elisa wanted to sneak away. Gareth and Thomas were protecting Elisa, and Dennis' men were out of reach. Upon seeing the police coming over to capture them, they quickly escaped! 
"Help!" 
Gareth cried out coldly and immediately picked Elisa up from her side. 
Elisa's expression changed slightly. "I can walk on my own!" 
"You're losing so much blood, but you still want to waste your energy?" Gareth's voice was icy, but Thomas could still sense the rage and gentleness in his voice. 
His rage was directed at the attackers, while his tenderness was for Elisa. 
These two emotions weren't conflicting. 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say anything. She knew she couldn't break free from this man, and there was no point in resisting. 
When the police saw that Elisa was injured, they paid special attention. A group of police officers was left to deal with the situation while another group rushed Elisa to the hospital. 
Gareth stayed by Elisa's side and would prompt her occasionally. 
Elisa's complexion was pale and colorless. It was evident that she was losing too much blood. 
Gareth's thin lips were tightly pursed into a straight line. He didn't say anything.
The police officers drove at the fastest speed and reached the hospital shortly. Gareth carried Elisa out of the car, and she couldn't be bothered to say anything, so she didn't struggle. 
Gareth's actions were very gentle. He avoided her wound when he carried her. 
At the hospital, the doctors immediately dealt with Elisa's injury. 
Gareth stayed with her and didn't leave. 
His expression grew icier when he saw how bloody and mangled the flesh was at her wound! 
The doctors were used to such a situation and dealt with it as usual. 
Elisa didn't flinch, and Gareth stayed with her throughout. Although the puncture was deep, it didn't graze any bones. She didn't need surgery. Her wound only had to be cleaned and bandaged. 
The doctors taking care of Elisa's injury were highly skilled and were naturally the best at what they did. 
After a short while, Elisa's wound was taken care of. 
Gareth's expression was slightly complicated as he looked at her calm appearance. 
He had seen a different side of Elisa today.
###chapter802
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 802
Other women would have cried in pain or acted weakly in this situation. 
But not Elisa. Everything was as usual, and it was as though this was a small matter to her. She wasn't asking for help at all. 
Once everything was done, Elisa stood up without help, as if she wasn't in pain. 
The doctors looked at her in astonishment. "Ms. Benett, you're the toughest woman I've ever met." 
Elisa smiled. "Thank you." 
"You're welcome. This is my job. Don't get your wound wet for a few days; change bandages daily. Don't do any physical activities, and don't eat spicy food. Have balanced meals." 
Elisa nodded. "Alright." 
Just like that, they walked out. As Gareth came over to pick her up, Elisa immediately said, "I'm fine. I can walk on my own." 
Gareth glanced at her four-inch-tall heels and couldn't be bothered to say anything. He picked her up. 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She didn't resist in the end. 
Gareth carried her into the car before Thomas quickly drove back to the hotel. 
Vincent had stayed in the hotel the whole day. He wanted to go out to get some air, but… when the elevator reached the first floor, he saw Gareth carrying Elisa as soon as the doors opened.
He was slightly stunned, and before he could get out of the elevator, Gareth walked in with Elisa in his arms. 
Thomas followed behind them. 
Vincent was a little dazed, and he seemed to tease them. "Oh, what exciting game are the two of you playing?" 
Is Gareth carrying Elisa? 
And Elisa agreed to it? 
Gareth is someone who takes excellent care of his reputation, but here he is, carrying Elisa? 
Vincent was still stupefied and felt that something wasn't quite right, but… when he saw how bloody Elisa was, he immediately realized that something was up. He didn't think about it further and immediately shut the doors. He pressed the button to the top floor and wasn't in a rush to go out any longer. Instead, he asked solemnly, "What happened?" 
"An accident happened. Don't let Rach know." Elisa looked at Vincent earnestly. 
Vincent's brows furrowed tightly. "Rachel came here for your sake. She interacts so much with you. How does she not know about this? What on earth happened? Are your injuries serious?" 
Thomas could only tell Vincent what had happened. Vincent wrinkled his brows slightly and looked at Elisa. "I thought you were an unfortunate bystander, but from the looks of it, you were their target." 
Elisa frowned and didn't say anything. 
The elevator doors suddenly opened, and Gareth immediately walked to their suite.
Thomas followed at once and opened the door for them. Gareth carried Elisa into her room and carefully placed her on the bed. At that moment, his cold face was filled with frost. 
Elisa had a slightly complicated expression. She never thought that Gareth would carry her in personally and take care of her so attentively. 
It must be… because of Grandma, right? 
He just doesn't want to worry Grandma, right? 
Thinking about this, she immediately said, "I'm afraid what happened will trend on Twitter. Can you get your people to deal with this? I'm afraid Grandma will see it." 
"Mm," Gareth answered. "you should rest. I'll handle everything else. You don't have to go anywhere for the next few days." 
"But…" Elisa wanted to say something but was interrupted coldly by Gareth. "I'm not in the habit of torturing my employees." 
Gareth got up after that and took away the notebook from her room. It was evident that he didn't plan to let her work. 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Gareth walked to the door and stopped. He turned and looked at her. "What do you want to eat?"
###chapter803
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 803
Elisa was startled. She was slightly overwhelmed by the attention. 
It was clear from her expression that she wasn't used to it. 
Is this Gareth? 
She paused and said softly, "Anything is fine." 
Gareth frowned. He felt slightly restless, seeing how tough she was and how she didn't rely on the people around her. 
He didn't say anything and walked out before shutting the door to her room. 
Thomas was in the living room and hadn't left. He was still waiting for Gareth's instructions. 
Gareth walked to the couch and suddenly took out a cigarette. 
Thomas was slightly startled. Mr. Wickam rarely smoked. 
Gareth took out a lighter but suddenly stopped before he lit his cigarette. He put it down. 
Thomas' eyes flashed a little. Mr. Wickam must be worried that the smoke will enter Ms. Benett's room and irritate her. 
Thomas looked down slightly and didn't say a word. 
Gareth said softly, "Prepare some supplements and arrange balanced meals for her. Go and ask Rachel what she likes to eat." 
Thomas nodded. "Alright."
After that, he walked out. 
Gareth didn't speak loudly. Elisa couldn't hear him from her room. 
After Thomas left, Gareth slowly started to feel jittery. 
He didn't know why, but when Elisa was hurt in that instant, the pit of his stomach ached. And there was a split second where he panicked! 
He feared she would be hurt again, so he didn't leave her side. 
He didn't know why he was feeling such emotions. 
Jeremy and Vincent's voices played in his mind just as he thought about it. 
'Admit it. You like her.' 
'That's right! How long do you want to act like you don't like her? If you don't like her, why do you always pay attention to her? You even stopped her from being happy with another man. I think you're jealous!' 
'Garry, don't waste any more time. She'll really give up on you after a long time.' 
'If things continue this way, you won't be the only one suffering. I'm worried that if you continue being stubborn, you will regret it for the rest of your life.' 
… 
Voices rang out in his head, one after another. Gareth grew more fidgety.
He got up and wanted to walk out, but when he thought of how Elisa was in her room, he sat down again in the end. 
He was going to ask Rachel to come over but felt that she might cry and make a fuss or ask Elisa questions, disturbing her rest. He finally decided to stay back. 
But Elisa caused no trouble. She lay on the bed and didn't make a fuss. There wasn't a peep from her. From how Gareth saw it, Elisa not disturbing anyone wasn't good. 
One hour later, Thomas sent food in, and Gareth took it from him before walking to Elisa's room. 
Elisa had only shut her eyes and wasn't asleep. When she heard the noise, she slowly opened her eyes. 
Gareth put the food on the bedside table. He glanced at her, and his voice was cold yet uncomfortable. "Eat something before you sleep again." 
Only the heavens knew how he had been struggling with his emotions for the past hour. He didn't believe that he liked that woman. 
Elisa had always been the of his dislike. He was only taking care of her now because she was suitable. He couldn't bear to let such a talented woman lose her life. 
That was all. 
Elisa glanced at the icy Gareth, and her voice was calm. "Thank you. I can eat by myself."
###chapter804
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 804
Gareth's expression seemed to have turned colder. "How long are you going to try to be brave?!" 
Upon hearing the fury intertwined in his voice, Elisa looked at him in slight surprise. "What's wrong with you?" 
Gareth's brows instantly furrowed. 
He also wanted to know what was wrong with him! 
Elisa couldn't understand the reason for his behavior. She said calmly, "I can eat by myself. You may leave." 
After that, Elisa sat up, and her actions were very smooth. If Gareth hadn't personally witnessed how her spotless and perfect shoulder had been mutilated, he would have doubted if Elisa had actually been injured. 
She ate with ease with one hand. Gareth felt that if he stuck around, it would make him seem like he was just hanging out. He didn't say a word as he got up and left. 
The heavens knew how jittery and irritable he was feeling now. 
Elisa looked at his figure. Although she wasn't surprised by how moody he was, she felt that his temperament was worse. 
But, of course, this was Gareth's personal matter. It had nothing to do with her. She ate in an unconcerned manner. 
Although her shoulder hurt, she could withstand the pain. She didn't feel like her injury held her back.
After she finished eating, she got up and put everything outside. 
Gareth was sitting in the living room. He laughed in rage when he saw her actions. 
He opened his mouth and wanted to say something, but Elisa ignored him. After putting the things down, she returned to her room like a regular person. 
Gareth closed his eyes and took a deep breath in. In the end, he got up and walked out. 
She was excellent and didn't need his care. There was no need for him to stay there. 
After he walked out, he went to Vincent's suite. 
Rachel happened to come out at this time. Upon seeing Gareth, she asked subconsciously, "Where's Liz?" 
"She's in the room because she was injured. You can go and look after her." 
Rachel was stunned. 
Her expression changed abruptly. "Injured?!" 
Vincent's expression darkened, and he immediately looked at Gareth. Although he didn't say a word, he clearly meant to express, 'I thought we weren't allowed to tell her!' 
Gareth didn't look at Vincent at all. He said indifferently, "She was stabbed by a dagger, but her injury has been bound." 
Rachel couldn't be bothered about anything else. Gareth handed her his room card, and she left immediately.
Only the two men were left in the suite. 
Vincent's face darkened slightly, and he said in a displeased manner, "Are you hurt? Why can't you take care of her? Why did you have to tell Rachel?" 
If Gareth didn't tell Rachel, she wouldn't have noticed, and Vincent wouldn't have said anything. 
Gareth sized Vincent up and sneered. "Rachel is just taking care of Elisa. Can't you bear to part with her even for a while?" 
It seemed to have struck a nerve with Vincent, and his expression suddenly turned nasty. The next moment, he said adamantly, "I'm respecting Elisa's wishes! She clearly said not to inform Rachel so that Rachel wouldn't worry!" 
Gareth scoffed. "Do you think I believe you?" 
"Who cares if you do? Even if you don't believe me, this is a fact! Now that Rachel is going over, Elisa will resent you even more! I don't think you have to confess to her! Just hold it in! You're going to die of old age alone!" 
Gareth's cold gaze fell on him. "I've said that I'm not interested in her."
###chapter805
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 805
Vincent sneered. "That's right, you're not interested. If you're not interested, why were you so nervous just now? If you're not interested, why did you let Rachel go and take care of Elisa? You're really putting on an act to seem disinterested. You're stubborn, yet you want to take care of her secretly. Do you think I'm a fool?" 
At that moment, Vincent was slightly incensed because Gareth had gotten rid of Rachel. He was a little bothered because many people could take care of Elisa. Why did it have to be Rachel? 
Gareth's sharp gaze fell on Vincent, and there was an intense annoyance deep in Gareth's eyes. 
But Vincent wasn't afraid. He snorted coldly. "Stay the way you are! Stay single! You're not worthy of Elisa!" 
After that, Vincent didn't want to speak to Gareth any longer. He turned and walked out. 
He feared that he would start arguing with Gareth if he stayed on. 
Gareth's expression was cold. After Vincent left, he sat quietly on the couch alone. At that moment, he lit a cigarette and puffed out rings of smoke. 
But he was only halfway through his cigarette when he put it out. The restlessness in his eyes seemed to have grown. 
Vincent's words seemed to have rooted themselves deeply in his mind. He couldn't get rid of them and couldn't calm down. 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly. Ultimately, he got up and stopped thinking about the chaos in his heart before walking out.
… 
At that time, Rachel was already in Elisa's room. 
Upon seeing Elisa lying on the bed and holding her cell phone in one hand, Rachel wrinkled her brows tightly. "Why are you still playing with your phone if you're injured?" 
Although Gareth told her that Elisa's left side was hurt, Rachel didn't dare to snatch the cell phone from Elisa's right hand. She was afraid that Elisa would pull something and be in pain. 
Elisa turned and looked at Rachel. "Did Vincent tell you?" 
Rachel frowned. "Vincent knows about this?!" 
Then why didn't he tell her? Dang it! 
Elisa was slightly astonished. If Vincent hadn't told Rachel, how did she know? Elisa had gone on Twitter, and everything was normal. No one had spread the news about her being injured. There were only pictures of them on their inspection. 
"Then how did you know?" 
"Gareth told me." Rachel didn't think much of it. She looked at Elisa and said, "How are you feeling now? Does anything hurt? Do you need me to do anything for you? That's right, have you eaten?" 
Elisa's eyes flashed before she smiled and shook her head. "You don't have to worry about me. It's a minor injury, and it doesn't hurt much. I just ate." 
"I'll come over the next time you need to change your bandages. I'm going to take care of you for the next few days. I want to see if this is really a minor injury! You've always had a high pain tolerance!"
Elisa's lips twitched. "I'm fine." 
"What nonsense! If it hurts, you have to tell me! I won't laugh at you!" 
"It really doesn't hurt that much. Everything is fine." 
"Never mind. Just rest. I'll stay with you. Stop playing with your cell phone. Your body is weak, and you should be sleeping to recuperate. I'm going to stare at you until you fall asleep!" 
Rachel thought of asking Elisa what had happened, but she didn't want Elisa to talk too much. She would ask Elisa tomorrow. 
Elisa knew that with Rachel around, she couldn't do anything else. She shut her eyes and ended up sleeping for two hours. 
When she woke up, Rachel opened the door and walked in with an herbal tonic.
###chapter806
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 806
When Rachel saw that Elisa had opened her eyes, Rachel smiled and said, "I knew that you would be awake by now. My timing is impeccable. Come on, babe, drink this herbal tonic and recuperate!" 
Elisa tore off the blanket on her, and Rachel immediately panicked slightly. "Don't! Let me help you! You're a patient now! In any case, you should be more delicate!" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
As soon as Rachel said it, she saw Elisa sit up like a regular person. 
"Are you putting on an act in front of me? Are you deliberately pretending that you aren't very hurt?" Rachel sized Elisa up. 
Elisa immediately laughed in exasperation. "No." 
Rachel sighed in frustration at once. "You try too hard to be brave. You should be more delicate." 
When she said it, Gareth had returned, but Elisa and Rachel were in the bedroom with the door shut. They didn't hear the soft noise outside. 
Gareth's footsteps paused slightly as he stood at the spot without moving. 
Elisa smiled. "Even if I'm not delicate, I have you to care for me. Why should I act like I'm fragile?" 
"I'm a woman! You have to show this side of yours to a man!" Rachel's voice was intertwined with frustration. She was exasperated at the woman lying in bed. 
Elisa scoffed. "What's the point of showing it to a man? Besides, I've never needed a man."
"You… I know you've really given up on men, but how old are you? You're only twenty-six this year. You still have your whole life ahead of you. You shouldn't give up yet!" 
Elisa suddenly chuckled. She looked at Rachel, who was worried for her and kept chattering. Elisa couldn't help but say, "Didn't you previously say that we should stay single all our lives and then adopt a child in the future? What happened to that?" 
"You're teasing me! I'm being serious! Liz, you shouldn't be alone! Even if you don't want to accept Carle and be with him, you should consider other people." 
Rachel saw that Elisa wasn't listening to her, and she said in frustration, "Never mind. You're wounded, so we don't have to discuss it now. Come on, drink this herbal tonic. I called a doctor in the hospital to ask about it. This is good for you." 
Elisa smiled. "Okay." 
Gareth stood in the living room alone. His expression seemed to have turned cold. 
He had clearly heard what Elisa had said. 
— 'Besides, I've never needed a man.' 
Yes. With her abilities, she didn't need a man to do anything for her. 
If she wanted a man, she could find one that loved her, cherished her, and placed her in the palm of his hands. How could someone so temperamental like him be an of Elisa's consideration? 
Gareth sneered in that instant before he returned to his bedroom. 
It was getting late. Rachel sighed. "If Gareth wasn't so disagreeable, or if there were other rooms in the hotel, I would want to stay with you. That way, I could keep an eye on you."
"I'm in great condition now. You don't have to worry." 
"I'm afraid that you'll catch a fever at night." Rachel was slightly worried. "But with Gareth's personality, how would he allow me to stay with you?" 
Elisa smiled. "You don't have to worry about me. I'm fine. Furthermore, I'm safer with Gareth around. Those people won't dare to act blindly without thinking. They would make a move if they knew Gareth wasn't around, and only two of us were left."
###chapter807
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 807
Rachel furrowed her brows. Upon looking at Elisa, she couldn't help but ask, "Who made a move against you? Were you accidentally hurt, or did someone target you?" 
"I'm not sure yet." Elisa smiled. "You should go back and rest. Don't worry. I'll be fine." 
Elisa didn't tell Rachel the truth. She didn't want her good friend to worry. 
Rachel sighed in frustration. "Rest well. Let me know if there are any problems. I'll come over at any time. Somehow, I feel like Gareth is unreliable!" 
Elisa laughed lightly. "Alright." 
Just like that, Rachel left in a reluctant and worried state. 
When she returned, she saw Vincent sitting on the couch with a dark expression. She furrowed her brows and asked, "Why didn't you tell me something happened to Liz?" 
Vincent's gaze swept past her indifferently. "She told me not to tell you." 
"You didn't tell me because she told you not to? She needs to be taken care of! How could that man take care of her? What would you do if he looked for someone else and found an untrustworthy person to take care of her instead?" 
Vincent frowned. "She's an adult. Are you the only person who can take care of her? Moreover, is Gareth that much of a failure? Doesn't he have any reliable people around him? Why are you worrying for nothing?" 
"That's my good friend! She's my best friend, more important to me than life itself!"
Vincent's face fell abruptly. At that moment, he was very annoyed when he heard her say that her best friend was more important to her than her life! 
"Since she's more important to you than life itself, stay there and take care of her! Why did you come back?" 
Rachel was flabbergasted. 
This jerk is being unreasonable! 
She didn't want to look at him or speak to him. She returned to her bedroom instead. 
At that moment, Vincent was highly irritable. That d*mn woman! 
… 
The night grew darker, but everyone on Twitter talked about how intimate Elisa and Gareth had been on their business trip together. 
Linda had been scrolling through Twitter the whole day and was provoked by those discussions. She looked at Rose, enraged. "What happened to that person? It's so late. Hasn't she accomplished anything?" 
Rose's brows furrowed tightly. "Try calling her. Since she can think of a way to clear you of suspicion, she's extraordinary." 
Linda was slightly restless. Before she could make the call, her cell phone rang. "It's her!" 
Linda answered the call at once. 
"Hello?"
The girly voice rang out. "Someone made a move, but Gareth suppressed the news on Twitter, so it wasn't spread. Elisa was injured." 
Linda was astonished. 
Her face was stupefied. "She was hurt?" 
Is this a joke? 
Among the schemes planned in advance, Elisa was unharmed the first time. She only sustained a minor injury the second time. She wasn't dead, nor was she destroyed. Then what was the point of making a move? They were exposed instead! 
"Mm." 
"You clearly have such great strength. Why have you failed both times you made a move?" 
"If I killed her, I wouldn't have found you. I've said I need your help dealing with her from the start. These two times were just for you to witness my sincerity." 
Linda was stunned. 
Right now, she couldn't see the person's sincerity. In fact, she was astounded. She didn't ask anything else and said, "Why can't you just kill her if you're so competent? Why do you need my help? You're barely scratching the surface by making a move these two times. Your sincerity seems a little weak."
###chapter808
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 808
"I can't tell you about it yet. You'll find out in the future. It's not time for Elisa to die yet." The girlish voice sounded good but was intertwined with frost, giving others a chill in their spines. 
But Linda was disturbed by her confused and jittery feelings, so she ignored them. She gripped her cell phone tightly and asked anxiously, "Then when will she die?!" 
The other party was silent for a moment and said with ease, "Soon. You won't have to wait too long." 
The person hung up after that. 
Linda put down her cell phone slightly apprehensively, and her brows furrowed tightly. 
"Why do I feel like this person isn't very reliable? Why is she still saying this at such a time? Elisa and Gareth have an ambiguous relationship, and Will is still pursuing Elisa. Elisa's power will only grow. When that time comes, it'll be harder to deal with her. What on earth is that person waiting for? She said it won't be long, but I still feel like it will take a long time!" 
Rose furrowed her brows as well. She thought about it for a while before saying in a low voice, "Since the person has said as such, let's just continue waiting." 
"Wait. All I do is wait. When will it be over?!" 
Linda's voice was slightly loud and particularly irritable. Norman had just returned when he heard his daughter's aggressive tone. He changed his shoes and walked to Linda's room. 
He said slightly impatiently, "Why are you making a big fuss for no good reason? You're a young lady, after all, the beloved daughter of Norman Benett. You should act like it." 
Linda already had an irritable temper. She never thought her father would berate her, and her expression turned nasty. When has her father ever been fierce to her?
Ever since these things had happened, she felt that her family was treating her worse than before. Moreover, they were staying in such a place. She almost couldn't take it anymore. 
"Dad, you've never shouted at me before!" 
Norman's expression changed slightly. Things hadn't gone well for him at work today at the office, and his daughter was making a fuss without much care for her reputation as soon as he returned home. He came to berate her, but he never imagined that his daughter would be close to tears. In an instant, he was unbelievably uptight. 
But he coaxed Linda and said gently, "No, I wasn't shouting at you. My tone was just too frantic. I just wanted you to take care of your reputation. We live on one floor, not the villa we used to stay in. Neighbors around us can easily hear us. What will happen if you're exposed?" 
Linda's expression changed. It was clear that she had never thought of it. It was mainly because she was used to staying in a villa, and she wouldn't be overheard by neighbors while the servants at home were trustworthy. 
Moreover, her father had gotten contractors to build their family villa, which was soundproofed exceptionally well. They couldn't hear each other even when they were between floors. 
Of course, she would never make a fuss as frequently back then. She was only on the verge of losing her temper lately. It was all thanks to that wench! 
That wench, Elisa. She wanted to let Elisa know the consequences and pay the desperate price! 
That b*tch! 
At that moment, Linda didn't say anything. She was secretly cursing Elisa and Elisa's family. Rose's gaze landed on Norman. She saw his brows furrow tightly, and there was a restlessness that couldn't
be hidden in the corners of his eyes. 
Rose sighed in silence. Something must have happened at the office. 
Nothing was going smoothly since the hacker had tricked them out of two billion. There were unending conflicts both at work and at home. This bothered Rose a lot.
###chapter809
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 809
Norman was slightly frustrated seeing his daughter silent. He walked to Linda and sat down next to her before pulling her into his arms. He consoled her and said, "You're the apple of my eye. How could I bear to shout at you? I couldn't control myself, and my voice was a little louder than it should have been. I was also afraid that you would say something else and others would overhear us. Don't you believe your dad?" 
Norman looked at his daughter gently. There were still traces of stubble on his face. He had become slightly haggard lately. When Linda turned to look at her father, surprise flickered across her face. 
In the past, her dad had always dressed neatly. Even if he had a slightly plump figure, in any case, he had a dignified appearance. But now… Why does he have eye bags? 
He's still working. Why is there stubble on his face? 
At that moment, Linda evidently noticed that something was wrong. She looked at him with tightly wrinkled brows. "Dad, is there something wrong at work?" 
Linda wasn't fussing about it anymore. Company affairs were more important. 
Norman suddenly laughed. "What could go wrong at work? Don't let your imagination run wild. Everything is great." 
"Then why are you in such a bad state? You have eyebags, and you didn't shave your stubble cleanly. Why do I feel like you've… lost weight?" 
Rose sighed in frustration silently. He had lost two billion. This alone was unacceptable. 
She had also lost weight recently, but she and Linda were inseparable, so her daughter hadn't noticed it.
"Haha, have I lost weight? That's great. I charmed many girls back in the day with my figure. After I put on weight, I felt tired even by walking. I've deliberately eaten less food and drank less alcohol recently. It looks like I'm seeing the results now." 
"Dad, don't change the topic!" Linda's voice was slightly apprehensive. "Something must be going on at the company! What is it? Tell me! I don't want to feel scared and on edge. We can think of a solution together." 
After that, she turned and looked at Rose. "I've realized that you haven't been in the right state for the past two days. You're always distracted. What on earth are you hiding from me?" 
Rose furrowed her brows at once. "What would I hide from you?" 
Norman laughed out loud, and he touched Linda's forehead. "You've let your imagination run wild. If you really want to find out, come back to work. I think it'll be okay with your current condition. If you really think that something has happened at work, you can come and take a look for yourself." 
Linda's brows wrinkled tightly, and she looked at Norman slightly doubtfully. 
He won't let her go to work if something is wrong at the company. But why does she feel like something isn't right if nothing is wrong? 
But she nodded. "Alright. I'll go to work tomorrow." 
If they weren't going to tell her, she wouldn't get any answers if she kept asking. She had better chances of finding explanations at work. She might even be able to find some clues. 
Norman saw that Linda had stopped questioning them, and he got up with a smile. He looked at Rose and asked, "Did you cook? Let's eat." 
Linda wrinkled her brows again. Why does her mother have to cook?
Rose nodded. "Yes. I'll serve it now." 
After that, she went into the kitchen. Linda was left sitting on the couch alone, and her expression was slightly grim. 
Something isn't right!
###chapter810
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 810
Right now, she didn't know anything. Perhaps she could find some answers when she went to the office! 
The night slowly darkened. 
But some people weren't sleeping. 
Gareth was in the bedroom. He had just showered, and his face was still dark. His rage toward Elisa had yet to subside. 
His cell phone rang. There wasn't a name saved to the number. 
Gareth had the same habit as Elisa. They didn't record anybody's numbers because they both had photographic memories. 
This number belonged to Thomas. Gareth answered the call. 
"Mr. Wickam, I've gotten people to investigate. Those assailants are hiding well. There isn't much of a trail yet." 
"Is this all you're telling me?" Gareth's voice grew cold. 
Thomas could only continue, "The people who humiliated Ms. Benett previously are different from this group, but they were paid to do things on someone's behalf. After investigating, I can almost confirm it is the same person. I previously suspected Linda, but I can't pin this to her." 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly, and he didn't say a word. 
Thomas took a tiny breath and said, "I can only… find out as much for now. The mastermind is hiding very well. All the clues are cut off here. I contacted the boss of the previous group, but the boss was
clueless about this. There was just an anonymous call, and they were paid in cash. The person disguised themselves well. They also deliberately changed their voice. Furthermore, they avoided the angle of the security cameras with their position. I've instructed people to eliminate possibilities one by one." 
"Don't miss anything," Gareth said before ending the call. His eyes were filled with frost. 
He got up and walked out of his bedroom. He could see the light from the crack under the door in Elisa's room. He walked to her door and asked in a deep voice, "Have you slept?" 
Elisa was slightly surprised. She was leaning against the headboard. Elisa had taken a nap in the day, and her wound was hurting now. Although she could tolerate it, she didn't feel sleepy. 
Gareth came to her when it was so late. Did something happen? 
She paused and answered, "No." 
Gareth opened the door. When he saw Elisa look at him with a clear and bright expression, he walked to the chair at the side of the bed and sat down. 
It was a chair that Rachel had placed there in the day. 
He looked at her indifferently. "Who did you offend?" 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. For a moment, she didn't know what to say. 
"I've been a lawyer for many years, so I've offended many people." 
Gareth frowned. The scope widened instantly, but he felt he wasn't in the right direction.
He looked at her indifferently. "The same person employed this group that attacked you and the group that went to the police station last time." 
Thomas wasn't quite sure, but from his investigations, Gareth could infer that it was the same person. 
Elisa's eyes flickered slightly. She had also guessed that it was the same person. 
"Are there any clues?" 
"Just anonymous phone calls. The groups were paid in cash," Gareth said simply. 
Elisa's brows suddenly furrowed tightly. 
Gareth looked at her and asked, "Did you think of something?" 
Only the two of them were in the suite. Although they didn't get along very well, they gave others the impression that they had a harmonious relationship. 
And they were brilliant, so a rapport was naturally formed. 
With a glance from one of them, the other could guess what was on their minds.
###chapter811
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 811
Elisa came to her senses and shook her head. "No." 
She thought of Linda but felt there was nothing to tell Gareth about. 
Gareth and Linda had a complex relationship. Even when he knew that Linda wasn't his savior, he treated her differently at the end of the day. 
Gareth's face darkened at Elisa's refusal to speak. In the end, he was just meddling. She didn't even consider using him. 
Pfft… 
Gareth got up and didn't say anything to her as he walked out. 
He shut the door softly, but Elisa could tell he was unhappy. 
She leaned against the headboard and couldn't be bothered to call after him or say anything else to him. 
She had never considered asking Gareth to help her with anything. They were from two different worlds, and her attitude was evident. Perhaps he wouldn't help her with the investigation anymore. 
… 
That night, many people slept soundly, but some couldn't sleep well. 
Elisa kept waking up and had one thing on her mind. She shouldn't stay here. 
The next day, she wanted to look for Gareth after waking and washing up, but he wasn't around. Rachel was with her instead.
Elisa said softly, "Rach, why don't we go home?" 
She knew that Rach had come to keep her company. 
She didn't beat around the bush. 
Rachel was slightly astonished. "But you're still injured! It's inconvenient to go back now." 
Elisa pursed her lips. "I can't continue staying here to go on the inspection with Gareth in my current condition. He can continue the inspection by himself. I'm only weighing him down if I recuperate here." 
Rachel thought of something and immediately said worriedly, "That's right! You must have been injured because of Gareth! He's clearly the one who's weighing you down. What if he's met with an assassination again? And you're still injured… Oh my god! Let's go! I'll get Vincent to send us back!" 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. In an instant, she suddenly didn't feel like leaving. 
Rach didn't know that this had happened because of Elisa. It was only natural that Rach didn't want Elisa and Gareth to interact too closely. 
But… if the mastermind knew that Elisa was going to leave with Rach, Rach might very well be dragged into it. 
Uneasiness flickered across Elisa's eyes. Why is she being so careless now? 
"Liz?" Rachel called out to Elisa when she saw Elisa silent. "I'll go and prepare now. Eat everything here. We'll leave shortly!" 
Elisa immediately said, "No." 
Rachel was slightly baffled. "Why?"
"I suddenly feel like I can't leave yet. My wound might get inflamed on the way home. It'll be bad if I can't tend to it in time." 
"Ah… why don't we get a doctor?" 
"There's no need for that. I better stay here and rest. Let's leave in two days." 
Rachel hesitated slightly. "But… what if you're dragged into the mess again?" 
At that moment, Rachel was really quite worried. 
Elisa smiled and said with ease, "They won't make a move for the time being after failing this time. They didn't manage to kill anyone. If they make a move frequently, it will only expose themselves, which would disadvantage them." 
Rachel frowned. She felt something wasn't right, but she couldn't quite put her finger on it. She could only nod. "Alright. What you said makes sense. Let me know when you want to leave. We'll leave at once!" 
"Mm. Alright." Elisa felt a warmth in her heart. It was like the heavens took special care of her whenever she was with her best friends.
###chapter812
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 812
No! 
Impossible! 
How can her parents sell their property out of the blue? Her dad is the chairman of Benett Corporation. How could they have fallen to such a stage with his position? 
She immediately said, "Liz, you're talking nonsense again!" 
Although Linda's voice was critical at that moment, her heart was suspended. She held her breath and listened with rapt attention. She didn't want to miss what Elisa said. 
Elisa chuckled. "If you say so, Linda. I don't know if it's true. After all, I haven't personally verified it. I just heard rumors from others." 
Linda was stunned. 
If Elisa was sure of it, Linda would be suspicious. But Elisa's ambiguity made Linda doubtful. The worry in Linda's heart increased. 
How can this be? 
She wasn't in the mood to speak to Elisa any longer. Elisa said compassionately, "I see you still don't know about it, Linda. Let's not talk on the phone any longer. You should ask Uncle Norman what he's been up to recently. I heard that nineteen levels of Wickam Group's classified information were breached not too long ago." 
Linda was about to end the call, but when she heard what Elisa said, she gripped her cell phone tightly and said worriedly, "What do you mean by that?"
"Nothing." 
Linda asked again, "The breach of Wickam Group's confidential information should be a private affair. Why would they tell you about it?" 
"I'm a part of the Wickam family. Don't you know that Grandma loves me a lot?" She spoke with a smile in the corner of her mouth. 
In an instant, Linda felt the pit of her stomach clench. She didn't want to speak to Elisa any longer and wanted to hang up, but she didn't understand. She asked again, "Why did you tell me that nineteen levels of Wickam Group's classified information were breached?" 
"Someone breached nineteen levels of their defense but couldn't get through their final level. Since I brought it up, it obviously has something to do with your family selling your house. For the big picture of Benett Corporation, I advise you to talk to Uncle Norman. It'll be bad if someone takes revenge over this." 
"Tell me clearly!" Linda was now starting to panic. She didn't want to believe Elisa, but Elisa was describing everything so vividly. Linda couldn't ignore her. 
Linda took a deep breath. She knew that no matter what she asked, Elisa wouldn't answer. Before Linda could say anything, Elisa said, "I have another call coming in. I'm going to hang up." 
After that, Elisa ended the call. 
Linda's heartbeat quickened, and her face was unbelievably pale. It was no wonder that they were staying in such a place for this period of time. 
Her parents had covered it up by saying that she couldn't meet outsiders in her condition, but when she thought about it, why couldn't she?
She had no problem meeting anyone since she had been cleared of suspicion. She was now working as usual in her office. No one dared to do anything to her, and everyone was respectful toward her. 
Furthermore, she wouldn't see much of anyone in the villa! 
And her parents had been looking haggard lately. Her father wasn't in his usual high-sprits. What on earth had happened?
###chapter813
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 813
Gareth wasn't around that day. Elisa was at ease, and Rachel kept her company. The two laughed and chatted, and after a while, Rachel forced Elisa to sleep. 
In the evening, Rachel smiled and looked at Elisa. "Babe, what do you want to eat?" 
"Anything is fine." Elisa wasn't picky about food. 
"Alright. I'll get you something!" 
"Sorry for troubling you." 
"Pfft! Why are you sorry? I'm going to remember it all! For all the times I prepared your meals, you have to repay me and make me the same number of meals in the future! You scratch my back, and I'll scratch yours, but you have to repay my kindness tenfold! I make calls to instruct other people to prepare your food, but you have to personally cook for me. It's fair, don't you think so?" Rachel said, very pleased with herself. 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh. "Yes. It makes sense." 
Rachel was amused since she often leeched on Elisa for meals. She said, "Alright. Let me get someone to make you some food." 
"Mm." 
Rachel got up and walked out. 
Elisa's cell phone rang. The smile in her eyes slowly faded when she looked at the caller ID, but she answered the call.
"Why are you calling me?" 
"Liz, we haven't talked in a while. Are you free? Do you want to come over?" 
Elisa had an indifferent expression. "I'm on a business trip. Don't you know about this, Linda?" 
Linda was the person who called Elisa. 
She might have been testing Elisa. 
"You're on a business trip? I've been suspended and just left the hospital, so I haven't paid much attention. I only came to work at the office today." 
"Congratulations. You finally returned to work, Linda. This time, you shouldn't be so rude and impulsive anymore. I'm worried that everyone will humiliate you, and you will get suspended again." 
Linda had wanted to provoke Elisa, but she never imagined that Elisa would say such infuriating words! 
This stupid wench! Dumb vixen! 
She took a breath and said, "Other people might not be able to understand, but you should know how I felt back then, Liz. Did it really happen because I was rude and impulsive?" 
Elisa smiled. "Who knows? Anyway, I hope that you learned your lesson, Linda. Don't stumble over the same thing or the same person. It would make you seem quite idiotic." 
"You…!" The rage in Linda's heart suddenly rose, but… at the next moment, she furrowed her brows tightly. What does Elisa mean by that? 
Stumble over the same person? 
Does this woman know something?
But at the next moment, she shook her head. It was impossible. There was no way Elisa knew that Linda was working with other people. Linda must be overthinking. She said in a low voice to Elisa, "When are you coming back? Come over and visit us." 
Elisa smiled. "I heard your family's villa and other real estate have been sold, and you're living in a rental. Is Uncle Norman starting a new business? Why is your family in such dire straits?" 
Linda answered, "What do you mean?!" 
Sold off? Are they staying in a rental? How is this possible?! 
Elisa smiled and said calmly, "I'm not too sure. I only heard about it on my business trip. Why is your family living such a miserable life now?" 
Linda was stupefied. 
Did Elisa hear about it on her business trip? She's with Gareth. Was Elisa at one side when Thomas and Gareth talked about it? 
Then what Thomas and Gareth said must be the truth!
###chapter814
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 814
Elisa was done talking to Linda. 
She had said everything she needed to say and gave Linda enough information to do her research. 
Linda was a smart woman; she must have figured out something by now. She would be able to find out more from tonight's argument. 
Of course, she had to teach Linda a lesson. Seeing her enemy getting strung up put Elisa in a good mood. 
Linda's lawless activity had drawn her to persecution by law enforcement. And it scared her witless to the point of depression. It was logical for Norman to hush up about their predicament from Linda and let her live in her own bubble. Of course, Linda wouldn't want to be lied to. So, as a loving cousin sister, she must intervene and defend Linda's interest. 
Suddenly, Elisa's phone rang. She thought it was Linda, but it turned out to be Will. 
She answered the call but remained silent. 
Will asked, "How did the business trip go?" 
"Nothing special," Elisa replied sedately. 
After hearing Elisa's response, Will breathed a sigh of relief. Will assumed Elisa was doing great through her relaxed tone. 
Will asked with a smile, "When will you be back?" 
"Not sure for the time being. I'm not the boss. I don't get to make the call."
Will ranted, "You'll get to call the shot if you work with me. What is mine is yours. Give it some thought, will you?" 
She didn't answer him. Elisa wasn't in the mood to talk to Will. 
Will didn't shy away from Elisa's cold treatment. He just smiled and said, "There has been a new project recently. Do you want to be part of it?" 
Elisa was startled, "What project?" 
"We'll meet and talk about it after you come back. The project is crucial for Benett Corporation. You should consider it." 
Elisa's eyes flickered, and she pursed her lips, "Then we'll talk soon." 
She stopped talking after that. She didn't intend to chat further. 
Will sighed, "Did you miss me?" 
Elisa was taken aback, "... Will." 
"I'm here." Will's silver voice resounded like the prelude of a flute, so soft and calming. 
Elisa creased her forehead. She meant to warn Will by calling him out, but it didn't work. 
"Do you have anything else to tell me?" 
Knowing that it was ineffectual to warn him, Elisa diverted to a new topic. 
"Hmm. Yes." He replied breezily. His good mood didn't seem to be affected by Elisa's aloofness. 
Elisa didn't speak but waited for him to say some more.
Will uttered gently, "I miss you so much." 
Elisa was nonplussed by his words. 
That's all? Is this what he wanted to tell me? 
Elisa didn't want to hear more of his gibberish, so she hung up on him. 
Will was not surprised. 
Cole couldn't help but smile amusingly in front of Will's desk. That woman had no interest in him. Despite having been snubbed so many times, he still wouldn't give up enticing her with honeyed words. 
Perhaps Will detected Cole's teasing smile, and the latter felt a smiling gaze directed at him. 
He was apprehended by Will's intimidating gaze and almost tripped and fell. 
There was danger lurking behind Will's smiling eyes. Feeling intimidated, Cole profusely clutched onto the file as if by doing that, he could steady himself and not tumble over.
###chapter815
Chapter 815
Will raised his eyebrow, "Can't hold it anymore?" 
Cole's expression changed slightly; he hacked a sheepish cough. His small eyes now looked as if they had shut closed. 
He rubbed his nose before speaking, "Mr. Darcey, you... you know she's hurt and is worried. Why didn't you ask her directly?" 
"If I asked, it would only make her feel like I'm monitoring her." 
Cole was at a loss for words. 
You're observing her twenty-four hours a day. Doesn't that count as monitoring? 
Even if he had no ill intention but to protect her, she would still be unhappy if she discovered his action without consulting her will. 
Cole held his tongue. He could only nod, "Ah... you're right." 
Never dispute nor question the boss because he would never make a mistake! 
Will swept a glance at him, and Cole immediately got frigid. He thought for a while and spoke again, "Then...should we continue with the preparations you asked of us previously? They may not be able to make it back at the moment." 
"Get it ready." 
Will said assertively.
Cole acknowledged the task. Seeing that Will had no other requirement, he continued to brief Will on the other work matters. 
Linda had no mood to do anything else after talking to Elisa. She languished for about half an hour and finally got off work! 
Without further ado, she dashed to Norman's office! 
She wanted to go home with him! 
She tried to hold back her frustration and probed her parents only after they got home. 
Norman didn't expect his daughter would come to his office. He asked, "Why are you here?" 
Seeing that there were other shareholders in Norman's office, she beamed courteously, nodded at them, and then said to her father, "I want to go home with you." 
The shareholder laughed, "You have such a caring and thoughtful daughter, Mr. Benett." 
Without a doubt, Norman was delighted to receive the compliment. He smiled, "She is indeed very caring and thoughtful. You have a good daughter yourself too. She was cute and polite when I saw her last time." 
The shareholder smiled and said, "My daughter is such a tomboy. I think cute doesn't suit her. I better get going since Mr. Benett wants to go home soon." 
Norman reciprocated with a smile without saying anything else and then left the office with Linda. 
He hadn't felt so peaceful in a long time. 
Norman turned to look at Linda, "Why did you suddenly want to go home with Daddy, Linda?"
"I'm worried that you'll have to attend networking functions. You'll then drink too much and damage your health." 
"Huh?" Norman was confused, "Isn't it common nowadays to go out and socialize?" 
Networking and drinking came hand in hand in business. 
Linda smoldered with resentment. She stood aside quietly as she wasn't in the mood to talk to her father. 
Norman was oblivious to Linda's frustration and thoughts. He carried on and said, "How was your day? Did you enjoy working today?" 
"No." Linda gave a perfunctory response. 
Linda was cold and aloof when Norman casually asked her some more questions. 
Their dull and desultory conversation faded as their driver drove them home. Linda dozed off in the back seat. Norman didn't bother her and quietly browsed his phone. 
When they arrived home, Linda promptly opened her eyes and strutted down the car. 
Norman followed behind her. 
When Rose saw her husband and daughter come home together, she smiled and said, "You guys are back. I've made dinner. Come, let's eat together." 
Quivering with anger, Linda couldn't contain her burgeoning emotion after hearing her mother's words.
###chapter816
Chapter 816
"You…" 
She squeezed a word through her teeth and choked back the rest of her sentence. 
Her feeble voice went unheard as Rose coaxed them to try her cooking. 
"I've made both your favorite fish dish today. Come and taste it!" 
Linda took a deep breath and thought to herself. Forget it. I'll hold on first and talk to them after dinner. 
Norman was excited, "Really? Let me taste it." 
Linda didn't have the appetite, but she couldn't bear to let her parents go hungry, so she forced herself to eat together. 
Finally, after a round of excruciating subliminal tug-of-war, dinner was over. 
Linda put down her chopsticks. She looked at her parents, who were cleaning themselves with a napkin, and said calmly, "I want to ask you something." 
She looked serious. Her voice was deep and heavy. 
Both Norman and Rose looked at her, puzzled. The latter asked, "What's the matter? Why are you looking so serious all of a sudden?" 
Linda ignored Rose but stared at Norman, "What exactly happened recently? How much longer are you going to keep this from me?" 
Norman and Rose were taken aback. The former furrowed and said, "I've told you nothing happened. Why are you asking again?"
Rose was somewhat nervous. Today was her daughter's first day at work. Could she have discovered something or heard about it from someone? 
But... 
She couldn't have heard it from anyone else. Nobody knew about this matter. Norman was vain and proud; he wouldn't tell anyone in the company. If one person came to know about it, soon the whole company would know. Then, Norman's authority and reputation would hit the skids. 
Linda snorted coldly. Due to pent-up emotions, her voice grew sharper and louder, "Why are you still trying to lie to me?! We have sold all of our properties. Even our current house is leased. Do you really think that I'm clueless about it?!" 
Rose was stunned. 
Norman instantly roared, "Nonsense! Who told you these things? They are all lies!!" 
"You didn't sell off our properties?" Linda didn't believe Norman and stared at him coldly, waiting for him to continue speaking. 
Norman shouted, "Of course!!" 
Elisa sneered, "Okay then, let me see the title of this house and all the other properties. I want to check the records of this house myself!" 
She did not believe a word her parents said. Norman coaxed and soothed her, "You don't trust us? Why do you need to see the records? We are family. No? Plus, even if I did sell off our properties, it must be out of a profitable investment. Our company hasn't had any investment projects recently. How could I have sold them?" 
Linda almost believed what her parents said.
But she remembered the conversation with Elisa over the phone. It definitely wasn't baseless because Elisa wouldn't lie. 
Elisa knew that through her interrogation, her parents would give in and show her the records. It was just a small argument and wouldn't cause any damage. 
If that was the case, what Elisa said was meaningless. After all, they were a family, and such divisive behavior was futile unless what Elisa said was true! 
Now, Linda was almost certain that Elisa was right. Her parents didn't look right! Something wrong must have happened! 
She hated this feeling! She hated it!
###chapter817
Chapter 817
Linda took a deep breath. She was even more upset now, "Why are you still trying to lie to me? Do you think I'm unreliable and will tell other people about it? Or is it because you think I'm incapable of helping? Either way, we're a family. I'm your only daughter. Why won't you tell me? I want to help!" 
"You shouldn't hide things from me to protect me. That's not fair! You might think that's the right thing to do, but I don't! That's fraud!!" 
Linda yelled at the top of her lungs, and her eyes were filled with profound sorrow. 
Norman was taken aback. He sighed helplessly, "What do you want us to do so you will believe us?" 
Linda shook her head and looked at them with disbelief, "I've already said so much, but you still wouldn't tell me the truth!" 
Rose spoke up, "Linda, please calm down. This isn't about keeping things from you, but whatever you're saying now is confusing to us. Why would someone tell you that all our properties have been sold off?" 
Rose wanted to ask Linda some more. After all, the matter was getting out of hand, and someone must have been trying to sow discord. Linda jeered coldly, "Both of you have been lying to me for so long. The person who told me about this wouldn't be happy. She'll tell me the truth eventually. Are you going to allow your daughter to get tortured by that fu*king b*tch?" 
"Who? Who told you this!!" 
"Elisa!!" Linda had no intention of shielding Elisa. 
After saying this, the expressions of Rose and Norman looked even more complex. 
Elisa! It was Elisa!
She had been getting relatively close with the Wickam family nowadays. Even Gareth had a change of heart and treated her differently than before. So, it wouldn't be a surprise for her to learn about their situation. 
Norman and Rose were knocked for a loop. 
"How did it come to this?" Linda bellowed, biting her teeth, "What have you done? Does that mean we are bankrupt? And the Wickam Group has been hacked!" 
Linda glared at them, but suddenly she realized something. 
After hanging up the phone, she kept thinking about the causality. She couldn't understand why her father spent so much money, and she couldn't find any information about the investment project that her father mentioned. 
Even if there were an investment project, it would be jointly funded by all the shareholders. And it must have been a massive project for her parents to fork out their fortune in this project willingly. But she couldn't find anything despite all the effort, which showed something was wrong. 
But just as she was putting her thoughts together, suddenly, she noticed a loophole. She stared at Norman incredulously and asked tremblingly, "Don't tell me it was your work that the Wickam Group's security has been breached." 
Rose was overwhelmed with shock. 
At this juncture, it was meaningless for her to say anything more.
###chapter818
Chapter 818
They had a smart daughter. And if Linda still hadn't found out about their family's crisis, Elisa would eventually tell her about it and possibly exaggerate the situation, which would only upset her even more. 
Norman thought to himself, looking perturbed. Yet, he couldn't say a word to defend himself. 
There was nothing that he could do to ease the situation. 
At this time, Linda knew that she had guessed it right! 
She knew it! 
She was f*cking right! 
How she wished she was wrong! 
But her parents' expression was self-explanatory. Her father sold their house and liquidated all their properties to hire someone to infiltrate the Wickam Group. Yet, in the end, he failed miserably, and all the money went down the drain. 
Tears rolled down Linda's ashen face. 
Rose quickly held her hand and comforted her, "Linda, calm down. No matter what, your dad is still the chairman of the Wickam Group. He made a fortune despite only being tenured for a few years. What was lost can be earned back in no time!" 
Tears couldn't stop rolling down her cheeks. Linda beamed a bleak smile, "Earn it back? If Elisa knows about this, then Gareth must have known too. Do you think Gareth will allow anyone to provoke him like that? We are doomed!"
She could feel her blood running cold. She couldn't help shivering in hopelessness! 
She wrapped herself like a cocoon, shivering in terror. 
"We have offended the Wickam Group. He could be bogged down with other matters now. When he decided to deal with us, do you think we have the means to save ourselves? What were you thinking, Dad? How dare you provoke Wickam Group?!" 
On the other hand, Rose thought Norman's action was unwise and unacceptable. She drew a deep breath. She had warned Norman to abort his plan against Wickam Group. Boy, if only he had listened to her advice. He wouldn't change his mind despite her adamant disapproval. 
Yet looking back now, they were fooled by that hacker! 
The hacker deceived them! They paid two billion dollars for nothing! Somehow her instinct told her the hacker was capable of the task, but he or she deliberately ducked out on them! 
But now, blaming Norman along with Linda would only worsen the situation. She didn't want to fuel Linda's rage and Norman's misery. 
Rose drew a deep breath and uttered, "Please calm down first, Linda. I was also distraught and disapproved of his motive in the beginning. I agonized over your father's stubbornness." 
Linda wouldn't stop crying. She believed Rose because her mother would never support her father's absurdity. But when he did it, it only proved that her father was too stubborn, and her mother couldn't change his mind. 
Norman covered his face with his palms. He felt defeated and ashamed of himself. 
Linda glowered at him. She had no sympathy for Norman, even if he was remorseful of his action. In fact, she wanted to inculpate him and evoke his contrite for his action!
Linda was in denial. She couldn't believe Elisa was right about her parents. 
How did she wish it was a lie? Why did Elisa tell her about this? 
Pain ripped through her chest! She felt like she was going to pass out from breathlessness!
###chapter819
Chapter 819
"Why? Didn't we already have enough? Gareth knew it was you, Dad. Have you ever thought about the consequences?" 
Today at work, she had tried to ask around for information, but to her dismay, the office was unusually empty. She couldn't find anything useful. That indicated her father didn't tell anyone about it. Otherwise, Benett Corporation would have been propelled into a state of chaos. 
Norman gasped and put down his hands, speaking somewhat helplessly, "I know I messed up. But the damage has been done. Now, we can only keep our chin up and deal with any challenges as they come. Linda, Dad knows your concern. Do you really think Gareth is delaying because he is too busy to deal with us?" 
Linda was taken aback. She asked Norman, "What do you mean?" 
"He is not keen to take action against Benett Corporation." 
Rose also looked at him with skepticism, "Why?" 
"He won't do that because we are still in the cooperation period." 
Linda thought there was hope, but the next second, her father burst her bubble. 
She let out a forlorn cackle, "Yes, we're in collaboration, but what about after that? What's going to happen after the collaboration ends?" 
"Elisa has poured into Benett Corporation. Do you think she will allow Gareth to hurt our company?" 
Rose was speechless.
Linda was thrown into a fit. She cringed at Norman's naivety, "You gotta be kidding. Elisa is nothing! She never mattered to Gareth. He only cares about her now because of grandma's influence. Nothing will stop him, not even Elisa. He wouldn't hesitate to take us down when he wanted to. Dad, you're too na?ve!" 
Norman sighed, "I know you have beef with Elisa. But you can't deny that Elisa has got brains." 
Rose's eyes lit up. Suddenly she understood something. 
Linda also joined in the rude awakening. She didn't know if she should be glad or sad at that instant. 
Should she celebrate that Benett Corporation wouldn't be threatened? 
After all, Elisa had won everyone's hearts with her five proposals. All her proposals were appreciated. Despite the project being abandoned and beyond remedy, after Elisa overhauled it, it somehow became impeccable again. Gareth and Will were appealed to and impressed by Elisa's proposals and capability. 
Elisa's father had devoted his life to building Benett Corporation from scratch. She would never allow the Benett Corporation to turn into ash. By hook or by crook, she would ensure the project profits Gareth. 
But Linda wasn't happy. She was envious of Elisa! Why was Elisa so capable? Why did all the good things happen to her?! 
But should she be angry with Elisa? That she saved Benett Corporation from going to ruin? 
Linda was overwhelmed with mixed feelings. Tears burned her eyes. 
She was unconvinced. They grew up together and shared the same experience. But why did Elisa deserve all these niceties in life and not her? Why?! Why?!
"Don't cry, Linda... It is a good thing that Elisa is influential to Gareth. At least having her around, we can be sure that Benett Corporation is secured." Norman reassured. 
Linda scoffed, "But someone wanted Elisa dead. If she dies, wouldn't the Benetts be doomed?"
###chapter820
Chapter 820
Rose turned pale suddenly! 
Oh, God! 
That mysterious person who had been in contact with Linda wanted Elisa dead! 
If Elisa died, then the Benett Corporation...! 
Rose's heart raced! She panicked! 
Norman was puzzled, "What are you talking about?" 
Rose never told Norman about the mysterious man. She deliberately kept him out of it lest he caused trouble. 
She was worried that Norman would solicit with that mysterious person. 
But before she could do anything, Linda blurted out about the mysterious man. 
Norman was startled. He pulled a long face and reprimanded, "I can't believe you would collude with a stranger to kill Elisa!" 
Linda pursed her lips and hushed. 
Rose said resignedly, "We were desperate to free Linda from the suspicion. If it wasn't for that mysterious person, Linda would still be in the mental hospital now. How could I let my daughter suffer like this?" 
Norman knitted his brows, "But have you checked its background? Is it reliable?! This is a big deal. Why didn't you discuss it with me first?!"
Rose was already angry, but upon hearing this, she was thrown into a rage, "Oh, please! You were so ingrained and busy with infiltrating the Wickam Group. Did you bother to help? You never cared about us. Money and power are your motivation. The audacity you have to question us?!" 
Linda also sneered, disappointed with her father. 
Norman kept quiet. He couldn't find a word to defend himself. 
All of a sudden, all three of them didn't speak. But on the inside, Linda was still furious! 
She wanted Elisa dead! But now, why? Why did it turn out this way?! Should she protect Elisa from harm? But she had made a pact with that mysterious man. If she bailed out last minute, would the mysterious man target her instead?! 
For a moment, Linda was clueless. 
Rose looked at her and soothed her, "This is not the end yet. Let's take one step at a time. I'm sure we will be able to overcome all difficulties!" 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Rachel had just finished dinner. Rachel cleaned up the mess and lounged next to Elisa with her legs crossed, "It feels so good to be stuffed with good food. How good if I get to be scrounged for free meals every day?" 
Elisa burst out laughing, "You can if you want." 
"Hey... no way. I still want a boyfriend, get married, and have a cute baby. I saw a wholesome post on the internet today. A family of three looked so happy shopping in matching outfits. I'm so jealous!!!" Rachel said longingly. 
Rachel's drastic change in life expectations surprised Elisa. Last two days, Rachel told her men were fleeting and unreliable. She coaxed Elisa to stay single forever like her so they could jointly adopt a baby.
But now, she had a change of heart, eager to find a man and have a baby together. 
Elisa shook her head resignedly and said nothing. 
Rachel aimlessly browsed through the internet on her phone. When she looked up, she discovered a faint smile on Elisa's face. Curious, she probed, "I see you're in a good mood today. Come, spill the beans and amuse me!" 
Elisa chuckled. She told Rachel about her conversation with Linda, "I bet a feisty argument just fired off in her family. Linda must be feeling super moody now." 
Rachel was stunned, "What the he*l?! I can't believe Norman had the audacity to infiltrate Wickam Group?!"
###chapter821
Chapter 821
Elisa beamed and said indifferently, "God knows!" 
"Tsk. So greedy and gutsy. No wonder he is so fat!" 
Elisa chuckled and said nothing while Rachel couldn't help guffawing, "They must be super upset now. They hate you and always wanted you dead, but now you're too important to them, and they can't do anything with you." 
Rachel pieced together the causality. If they killed Elisa, then Gareth would not spare them. 
Without Elisa being of service to the Wickam Group, the Benett Corporation would be extinct! 
Elisa twitched her lips, "My baby is so smart." 
"Of course!! Otherwise, how can I be your baby?" 
Elisa couldn't help laughing, "You'd still be my baby even if you're not smart." 
Gareth walked in and chanced upon Elisa's words. His expression looked cold and angry while glowering at Elisa's door. 
Rachel's back was facing the door. She felt a sudden temperature drop. 
She felt chilly for no apparent reason. 
She instinctively tightened her clothes, "Why does it feel so chilly out of the blue?" 
Elisa looked at her perplexed, "Illusion, maybe?"
"Huh? Illusion? But it's chilly in here..." Rachel said confusedly. At the same time, she reminded Elisa, "You should layer up. You're not supposed to fall sick again. After this, the doctor will come and get your medicine." 
"Well, I don't feel cold." Elisa smiled. 
After Gareth came back, he sat on the sofa in the living room alone. 
Rachel and Elisa were chatting away, completely unaware that Gareth was in the living room. 
Until...The doorbell buzzed, and Rachel initiated, "Must be the doctor. I'll go and open the door!!" 
Elisa nodded and smiled, "Okay." 
Rachel dashed and opened the bedroom door. She was startled when she saw that Gareth was already walking to the door. When did he come back? 
Rachel stealthily turned around, looked at Elisa, and mouthed, "Gareth is back!" 
Elisa's attention faltered for a moment, subconsciously pried in the direction of the living room. 
But from her angle, she couldn't see the suite door. 
Soon, they heard the doctor's voice, "Hi, Mr. Wickam. I'm here to change the medicine." 
It was the same doctor who had treated Elisa's wound earlier. 
Gareth didn't say anything, but Rachel said, "Hi, dor. You're here." 
The doctor was taken aback by unanticipated courtesy, and he quickly nodded. 
Shortly, Elisa came out of the bedroom, smiled at the doctor, and sat on the living room sofa.
Elisa wore a loose-fitting coat frontside-back. Rachel helped unbutton her coat, only exposing the wound on her back. 
Gareth stood in the living room quietly. He pursed his lips and stared at the protruding gauze on her smooth, silky skin. 
The doctor walked up to Elisa and asked, "Ma'am, apart from the pain in the wound, did you feel any other discomfort today?" 
"No." 
"OK." 
The doctor opened the medicine chest, disinfected his hands, and then tended to her wound. 
Elisa beamed and said indifferently, "God knows!" 
"Tsk. So greedy and gutsy. No wonder he is so fat!"
###chapter822
Chapter 822
Rachel was nervous, watching from the side. She went deathly pale when she saw Elisa's wound was still bleeding and had not healed. How could it be so severe?! 
Her injury didn't improve the slightest after twenty-four hours! 
Rachel felt so sorry for Elisa. Her energy and radiance disappeared in an instant! 
Looking at the hideous wound, she couldn't help but grieve with Elisa! Her silky smooth skin had been mutilated! 
It used to be perfect without blemishes and flaws, but now...?! 
Initially, the doctor intended to distract her attention lest the pain gets unbearable. But seeing Elisa not bat an eye during the treatment, she was impressed by her endurance despite being so young. She then expedited and fixed Elisa's wound. 
The doctor was precise and fast, and the fixture was a breeze for Elisa. Until she finished treating all her wounds, only the doctor stood up and reminded again, "It's best to stick to a light diet for the time being. Avoid water as the wound is deep. It will take a while to recover and avoid strenuous exercise." 
"Okay," Elisa acknowledged with a nod. 
The doctor smiled and said, "Well, I'll head back first. If you have any questions, feel free to call me." 
"Okay. Thank you so much, doctor." Rachel uttered and followed the doctor to see her off. 
The doctor smiled, didn't say anything more, and left with her medicine chest.
Elisa tried to button up her shirt, but Gareth called out, "Why do you always have to be so stubborn and act tough?" 
Elisa was flabbergasted. All she did was try to button her shirt. 
But before she could say anything, Gareth stood behind her and buttoned up her shirt. 
His unprecedented initiative caught her off guard. She froze in place. 
He could see every inch of her back in that position. 
Her coat was loose. It was imminent if Gareth accidentally caught a glimpse of what was in front and underneath her coat. 
An inexplicable emotion glistened in his eyes as he quickly fastened her buttons. 
Elisa kept quiet throughout the process. She didn't know how to face him. After he was done, she stood up and was ready to return to her room. 
Gareth didn't say anything but watched her walk into her room. After seeing the doctor off, Rachel lingered at the door, undecided if she should go back in. 
Gareth was in the living room. Last night, she had to go back because he was around. If she had stayed around, Gareth wouldn't be happy. 
And Elisa seemed to have made progress. 
After contemplating, Rachel said, "Well... I'll leave the space to you guys. I'm leaving now." 
She retrieved her bag from Elisa's bedroom and fled shortly.
Gareth finally eased up a little after Rachel left. He walked into Elisa's bedroom and sat down on the same chair. 
Elisa looked at him, puzzled, "Is there anything I can help you with?" 
Gareth looked at her indifferently, "Why must there be a reason for me to see you?" 
Hadn't they always been like this? He wouldn't come to her for no reason. What was wrong with him? He was being bizarre. 
She didn't want to argue with him and said lightly, "Did you happen to go out for an investigation today?" 
"No." 
She gazed at him inexplicably, "Aren't you supposed to do that today?"
###chapter823
Chapter 823
She was already injured. Those lurking enemies were still after her. If she showed herself in public, chances were, they would attack her, which would tamper with the investigation. It would be better for him to do it alone. 
Gareth said indifferently, "I dropped by the police station just now and gave them a sum of money." 
Elisa's eyes flickered as she made sense of his words. 
She nodded, "Right. It had to be done. 
She knew Gareth's next course of action. The Phoenix Bridge was surrounded by scenic views and was indeed worthy of being developed. But once the development took place, everything would change as well. 
The absence of jurisdiction had encumbered law and order in this place. Sooner or later, the federal government would find a way to subdue this place. 
The most pivotal step to undertake was to make amendments and consolidate law and order in this place. Eventually, progressiveness would take place. 
"So, how long will you be here?" 
"Until you're healed." 
Elisa was stunned, "No, no need. I am mobile now, and I can go back any time." 
Gareth snorted coldly. He had just sounded her for being stubborn, and now she did it again? 
Elisa seemed to get his notion. She pursed her lips and bit her tongue.
Whatever floats his boat. It wouldn't matter to her if the progress faltered. So, up to him then. 
"How did you feel today? Does your wound still hurt?" 
Elisa looked at him in surprise. Seeing his stern and somewhat awkward expression, she retracted her gaze and said, "Same as yesterday." 
Gareth cast his gaze at her, "Grandma called me just now." 
Elisa was taken aback by his words. Gareth wouldn't have told her if it wasn't about her. 
At this moment, the atmosphere between the two of them was congruous. Although Gareth still exuded a domineering and cold aura, Elisa was able to subjugate it. She wasn't affected by his pensive aura. On the contrary, their distinctive magnetic fields gradually integrated into equilibrium, and nobody could intervene in their presence. 
"What did grandma say?" 
Gareth withdrew his gaze and said, "She is very down today because I haven't convinced you to come back to me. She is getting older now. The chances of getting to cuddle her great-grandchildren are getting bleak." 
Elisa was caught off guard. She simpered, "I know Grandma really wants us to get back together. I can tell that she is very fond of me. But we have to be realistic and know that there are things beyond Grandma's wishes. We can't get back together just because she wishes us to. We both know how we strayed from each other. I do not have any feelings for you anymore, and you have always hated me. We are not suitable for each other. It's impossible for us to reconcile and return to how things used to be." 
Gareth glowered at her words.
Elisa seemed to be oblivious to his emotions. She fixed his gaze on him and asked, "What did you tell Grandma after she told you all these?" 
He sneered coldly, "What do you think?" 
His composure faded in that instant. 
His gaze sharpened. 
Elisa furrowed, and she looked at him puzzled, "I know you want to please Grandma, but are you going to wait until the day she's gone? I do not intend to get married again. But what about you? Are you going to let time slip away and have no child of your own? How can the Wickam family sustain its bloodline without an heir?" 
Elisa said the last sentence with a hint of sarcasm.
###chapter824
Chapter 824
She watched Gareth's face turn upset. She spoke gently, "Many people wish to marry Mr. Wickam. Even Ms. Tabor would die to marry you. Moreover, old Mr. Wickam likes Ms. Tabor very much. Ms. Tabor would be willing to bear your child immediately if you agree to it. Why don't you find someone else? Because even if we were to get back together, we would not have feelings for each other. We will live a boring life and be deceiving Grandma too. It would not be fair for her." 
She had given up on their relationship. She couldn't deceive Grandma anymore. There had to be a bottom line for white lies. 
Moreover, this didn't seem like a white lie to her. It was purely just deceit. 
The air instantly turned colder! 
But Elisa was too exhausted to notice it. She said, "I'm tired and I need to rest. Is there anything else?" 
Gareth scoffed angrily. Was she chasing him away? 
This woman was so enthusiastic in the past. Now, she was as passive as she could be. In the past, he was annoyed by her enthusiasm. Now, he hated her ignorance. 
Gareth got up immediately and went out. But when he reached the door, he stopped. His face was icy cold as he said, "It wasn't a discussion. I have made a decision. Elisa Benett, you do not deserve to have a life." 
Elisa turned pale at that moment. 
Undeserving.
She sneered, "Yes, I do not deserve everything, including you treating me well. I do not deserve to be your wife. Don't worry, Gareth Wickam! I will not interfere with your life anymore! From today onwards, we shall go our separate ways! I will never step into the Wickam Residence from now onwards! I know that I am not worthy!" 
Gareth stopped suddenly. At the same time, his pupils dilated! 
But Elisa had already turned her back towards him. She refused to look at him. 
He pursed his lips tightly and walked out without saying a word. 
… 
At this moment, Rachel had already returned home. Vincent sat on the sofa with a sullen face. His face got darker when he saw Rachel. He refused to look at Rachel and stared blankly at the ceiling. 
But... Anyone could see that he was angry. 
He deliberately ignored Rachel. 
But Rachel did not care as well. She walked towards her room without even looking at him. 
She closed the door immediately after herself. 
Vincent, "What the heck!" 
Was she blind? 
Did she not see that I was angry? 
Why is she back so late?
Didn't she know that I had not eaten yet? Does this woman have any conscience? Why is she ignoring me? 
At this moment, Vincent felt immense anger in him. He suddenly had a strong urge to kill her alive now! 
He was so pissed off! 
But he did not want to wait for her any longer! 
After a few moments, Rachel had not come out of her room yet. Vincent stood up angrily and stormed towards Rachel's room. He raised his hand and pounded hard on Rachel's door. 
Rachel jumped up in shock. When she realized that it was the man outside, she scolded angrily, "Are you crazy? Don't you know that you'd scare people if you pounded on the door like that?" 
Vincent scoffed, "Would you be scared?" 
"What nonsense are you spurting? Don't you have any manners at all? You are so rude!" Rachel wanted to say that he was bullshitting, but she did not want to hurt his pride. 
What bullshit was she saying?
###chapter825
Chapter 825
"Come out!" Vincent roared. 
"Why should I listen to you? I don't want to go out!" 
Vincent's face darkened. He tried hard to suppress the rising anger in him. "I will tear this door down if you don't come out! Don't you even dream of sleeping well tonight!" 
Rachel, "Goodness gracious!" 
Is he crazy? 
But Rachel did not dare to challenge him further. 
Rachel did not feel safe staying under the same roof with him initially. Now, she was afraid that this man would really tear her door down. After all, he had the right and the money to do so! 
It was just a door! 
Goodness! 
Why did he have to get so angry? 
Trash! 
She gritted her teeth and stormed out angrily. 
She swore quietly to herself that she would never have anything to do with this man anymore! 
"Why must I come out?"
"Don't you know that I haven't eaten?" Vincent's face was quivering. It seemed like he was trying hard to control his anger. 
But his words took Rachel by surprise. 
"What does this have got to do with me? Go and eat if you haven't eaten yet" 
She remembered the quarrel they had two days ago. He was emotionally unstable and was quick to lose his temper. He was a toxic person! She had no idea why he got angry. 
"You wrench! I was waiting for you!" 
Rachel still didn't get him, even though it was their second fight! Vincent almost fainted from anger. This time, he chose to be straight with her because he could no longer hold his feelings back. 
Rachel was confused instantly. "Were you waiting for me to eat? But I've been taking care of Elisa's meals, so I have already eaten." 
"You…!" Vincent's face turned darker. He looked distressed. 
Rachel looked at the man in front of her. She was perturbed. "Well, you should go and eat if you are hungry. You don't have to wait for me." 
She thought that this man was not being truthful to her. But she did not want to continue arguing with him. So she said, "Hurry up and go eat. I'm tired too. I want to sleep after a shower." 
She turned around and went into her room after she finished speaking. She did not even look at Vincent. 
Her tone was gentle when she spoke. 
But it did not comfort Vincent!
He merely felt that this woman was selfish! 
Are all women so cruel and selfish? 
Vincent got up in frustration and went back to his bedroom. He had already lost his appetite. 
When she returned to her room, Rachel was still thinking about Vincent's words and actions. 
Did he wait for her to eat? 
However, Rachel scoffed the next second. It was understandable if he had waited on her. He wanted to get on her good side to take her mother's heirloom. Hah—Dream on, you rascal! 
I would rather die than give it to you! 
… 
It was a sleepless night for many. Gareth wanted to go out after he woke up. But when he recalled what had happened the day before, he went to Elisa's door and spoke with a low voice. "Are you up?" 
It was quiet. 
Gareth frowned. Elisa had always been an early riser. She would have woken up already despite the wound on her body. 
Did she lose sleep and get up late because she had a bad mood yesterday? 
But she was a light sleeper. Perhaps she did not want to talk to him. 
Gareth's face darkened. He opened the door immediately.
###chapter826
Chapter 826
Gareth glanced in the direction of Elisa's bed. However! 
The blankets were folded up neatly. There was no one on the bed. He glanced at the bathroom to find it empty too! 
His face darkened immediately. He took out his phone to call Elisa. However, the call could not be connected. 
Gareth's face turned darker instantly. He immediately headed towards Vincent's room. 
He knocked on the door furiously after pressing the doorbell. Vincent shouted impatiently from inside. "Hey! Who is at the door? Can't you wait?" 
He had never expected Gareth to do something like that. Just as he was about to scold the person at the door after he opened it, he went dumbfounded. 
It was Gareth at the door. His face was sullen. 
Vincent was shocked. "Hey! What's wrong? Are you crazy? Do you have to knock on the door like this?" 
"Where's Rachel?" 
Vincent frowned, then answered, "Are you seriously expecting Rachel to accompany Elisa this early? She hasn't woken up yet!" 
"Is Rachel not up yet?" 
"Yeah. We were still sleeping!" 
Gareth frowned. He looked like he didn't believe Vincent. He said, "Elisa is gone. Where's Rachel?"
Vincent immediately sensed that something was very wrong. He dashed towards Rachel's door. 
Although he had scolded Gareth crazy for knocking on the door furiously just now, he was now doing the same at Rachel's door. 
"Rachel! Are you awake?" 
Bang, bang, bang! 
Rachel was already annoyed by the sound of Gareth pounding at the door earlier. Just as she was about to sleep back, the pounding came on her door. She could not help but yell furiously, "Are you crazy? What time is it now?" 
The pitch of her voice was high, though a little hoarse, as she had just woken up. 
Vincent sighed in relief when he heard Rachel in her bedroom. He turned around and looked at Gareth. Although he did not say anything, they understood each other. 
Gareth walked towards Rachel's door and spoke in a low voice. "Elisa is gone. Her phone is off too." 
Rachel initially planned to sleep back. But when she heard Gareth's words, she immediately lost her desire to sleep. She immediately got out of bed and opened the door without freshening herself up. 
Her hair was down and a little messy. Vincent's face darkened when he saw her open the door to Gareth in her sleepwear! 
But Rachel did not care about what Vincent thought. She did not even look at him. She glanced at Gareth worriedly, "What do you mean? What do you mean by Elisa is missing?" 
Gareth frowned hard and asked Rachel, "Did she tell you anything last night?"
"No! Where has she gone to?" Rachel grabbed her hair in exasperation. She searched for her phone and unlocked it. She had a new text message. 
It was from Elisa. 
Rachel exclaimed in shock, "Did she leave in the middle of the night?" 
Elisa had bought a plane ticket! 
Vincent was dumbfounded too. "Holy, has she gone off just like that?" 
Gareth dashed into Rachel's bedroom and snatched her phone to read Elisa's text message as soon as he heard Rachel's words. 
Rachel opened her mouth to stop Gareth, but he had already seen the text message. 
— Elisa: 'Babe, I need to go back now. It's an emergency. Don't worry about me. I'm fine.' 
Elisa did not mention Gareth at all in her message. She did not say anything about their fight either. But because of this, Gareth felt even more worried.
###chapter827
Chapter 827
"Give me back my phone!" 
Rachel sounded slightly upset. She did not like it when people looked at her phone. Moreover, this was a text from Elisa to her. 
Luckily, Elisa did not mention Gareth. If she did, I might be blamed too. 
Rachel reached out and snatched her phone back. Gareth walked out quietly with a sullen face. 
Vincent chased up to him and asked, "Where are you going?" 
Rachel frowned. She had a bad premonition about this. Gareth had left with a sullen face. He looked outraged. Would he look for Elisa and make her pay for this? 
Rachel immediately felt worried for Elisa. 
"Is he going after Elisa? Don't he need to stay back for work? I can look for her!" 
Rachel was afraid that Gareth would want Elisa to pay for this. But when Vincent heard Rachel's intention to leave, his face darkened too. 
He said, "Let me send you." 
There was a complicated look in Rachel's eyes. The two had just argued yesterday. Yet, Vincent offered to send her today. Rachel knew that he did that to make up to her. She hesitated a while before answering him. 
"It's alright. I'll take a cab myself."
"It will take forever for you to flag a cab here. How long do you want to wait? Moreover, Gareth will be driving very fast. Are you sure you can find Elisa before he does if you don't receive help from me?" 
Rachel went quiet immediately. What Vincent said was indeed correct. 
"Tidy your stuff and hurry. We shall leave now." 
Vincent instructed before heading back to his bedroom. novel ebook Rachel did not dare waste a single second. She quickly freshened herself up and tidied her stuff. Vincent was already waiting for her at the dining table when she was ready. 
Vincent had prepared some breakfast. Surprised flashed across Rachel's face. 
Although Rachel was in a hurry, she did not want Vincent to skip breakfast because of her. She hesitated a while before she walked towards the dining table. Vincent spoke as soon as he saw her. 
"Let's eat." 
Rachel sat opposite Vincent quietly, still feeling anxious and upset about Elisa's injury. But Rachel could not tell Vincent that, so she ate a little. 
Vincent ate very fast too. Soon, the two started their journey. 
Rachel could not shake off her worries throughout the journey. She tried calling Elisa, but there was no answer. Elisa merely sent a text to Rachel in reply. 
She told Rachel not to worry. 
But how could she not worry? 
Rachel immediately replied to the text since her call couldn't get through.
— Rachel: 'Why did you leave without saying goodbye? Why in the middle of the night? Did you only send me the text after you had left? What happened? Why did you leave by yourself?' 
— Elisa: 'A small incident happened yesterday indeed. And I have something I need to settle urgently today.' 
— Rachel: 'Have you arrived?' 
Rachel stared at her phone screen and waited for Elisa's reply. She could finally breathe a sigh of relief after she received Elisa's location. Elisa had got home safely. 
Although Vincent was driving, he was aware of Rachel's actions. When he saw Rachel sigh in relief, he spoke gently, "Have you managed to reach her?" 
"Yes, I have. She is fine." 
"Where is she?" Vincent continued to drive. 
"Give me bock my phone!" 
Rochel sounded slightly upset. She did not like it when people looked ot her phone. Moreover, this wos o text from Eliso to her.
###chapter828
Chapter 828
Rachel was about to answer when she suddenly realized something. She glanced at the man suspiciously and said, "I don't think I should tell you where she is. You will tell Gareth then. Elisa does not want Gareth to know where she is." 
Vincent snorted coldly. 
Rachel frowned unhappily. 
"What's with the snort?" 
"Am I dumb, or are you stupid? Do you think Gareth wouldn't know where Elisa is if you didn't tell him? Don't you think that you're a joke?" 
Rachel, "Drat!" 
You rascal! I knew that nothing good would come out of your mouth! 
The next moment, Rachel gritted her teeth and sneered, "Then he should find out himself. He will surely find out more than what I know." 
Vincent snorted coldly, then kept quiet. He had nothing to do with Elisa anyway. He did not care if she was alive or not. 
Rachel could keep the secret for as long as she liked. 
Nevertheless, Vincent wouldn't tell Gareth anything Rachel told him. 
But Vincent knew for sure that Gareth was now on his way to find Elisa.
That rascal. He never wanted to admit his feelings for Elisa. novel ebook It served him right. Now he could think about his wrongdoings as he searched for Elisa. 
On the other hand, Elisa had cooked a bowl of noodles at home. She went to bed after the meal, then showered herself. 
She felt that it was impossible to communicate with Gareth since last night. Their relationship was ruined forever. This may be the best solution for now. 
She wanted to live in the moment and did not want to worry about the future. 
The most urgent thing she had to do now was to break all her ties with this man. 
She did not wish to see him or talk to him. 
She did not intend to visit Grandma for the time being either. 
She wanted to have some alone time. 
However… 
After sleeping for about three hours, she suddenly heard a loud pounding on the door. Although it was a villa, and Elisa was on the second floor, she could hear the pounding loud and clear. She opened her eyes, annoyed. 
Her phone was switched off, so no one could reach her. 
But she knew instantly the man pounding fiercely on the door! 
But! 
Wasn't he supposed to be at work?
Why is he here? Moreover, it has only been three hours or so since she got here. 
Elisa gritted her teeth and closed her eyes. She did not intend to answer the door. 
However, the pounding did not stop. The door would probably break if it went on! 
This was Elisa's late father's house, so she did not wish for anything to get spoiled. 
Elisa took a deep breath and got out of bed. She saw Gareth's arrogant and upset face when she got to the door. With her lips pursed, Elisa opened the door quietly. 
Finally, Gareth stopped pounding on the door. He asked coldly with a grumpy face. "Elisa Benett, are you that heartless?" 
Elisa scoffed angrily, "This is the third time you've asked me this, haven't you?" 
She had answered this question the last two times. This time, she did not wish to answer him. 
Was she heartless? 
Hah… 
Whatever. If he thinks I'm heartless, then so be it. I have got nothing to do with him anymore. 
Elisa stopped Gareth just as he was about to walk in the door with a sullen face. "Mr. Wickam, please stop if this is not about work." 
Elisa was curt and polite. She was clearly trying to draw a line between them. 
Gareth knew. He merely scoffed at Elisa and squeezed his way through the door. The door was too big, and there was no way Elisa could stop him.
###chapter829
Chapter 829
Elisa frowned. She closed the door and glared at him coldly. "What is wrong with you?" 
If this had happened in the past, Gareth would have just left angrily! 
But he did not leave this time. 
The air in the house went cold and stale as soon as he entered. Even the indoor plants seemed to wilt in his presence. 
Elisa frowned harder. "Gareth Wickam, this isn't like you at all. You wouldn't stay at someone's place and refuse to leave." 
"Do you think I'd be doing this if it wasn't for Grandma?" 
Elisa snorted coldly. This man was unbelievable. But she believed in what he said. After all, this man would have never cared a bit for her if it wasn't for Grandma. 
The next second, Elisa smiled and answered, "I will tell Grandma I'm fine if you are worried about Grandma." 
Gareth's face turned icy cold. "You wouldn't dare!" 
"Why not?" 
Elisa glanced at him lightly. The confidence in her eyes slowly increased. 
This man did not care about her anymore. She did not have to care for him either from now on. She could say anything she wanted. 
She could say whatever she wanted as long as it would not hurt her.
A rascal does not deserve any care! 
Gareth was merely some other man in her life. They had nothing to do with each other! 
Gareth scowled harder as he approached Elisa. Elisa frowned. She did not like the idea of being so close to him. 
However, Gareth reached out and grabbed her arm to stop her from leaving. Elisa frowned hard. Her face turned dark too. She was wounded, so it would be impossible for her to wriggle free from this man. 
"Let me go." 
"Elisa Benett, let me warn you one last time. Do not disobey me anymore!" 
When Vincent arrived, he heard Gareth's roar. 
He came because Rachel insisted on checking on Elisa. He did not want Rachel to go alone, so he sent her here. 
They heard Gareth's voice as soon as they got out of the car. 
Elisa and Gareth were in the living room. novel ebook Moreover, Elisa had left the windows open because she had just finished eating and wanted to ventilate the place. 
Vincent was amused. He teased, "Look, Gareth, you've come here out of concern for Elisa. You don't have to be so mean with your words." 
Elisa frowned and turned around to look at Vincent. She did not notice Gareth's face darken. 
Vincent's words had obviously hurt Gareth's pride. 
Rachel sighed in relief when she saw Elisa. She called, "Elisa!"
Elisa immediately tugged her arm from Gareth's grasp. But Gareth did not loosen his grip. Instead, he increased the force of his grip. Although Elisa felt no pain, she could not escape Gareth's grasp. She spoke in a low voice, "They are here. Are you not going to let me go?" 
Gareth snorted coldly. "Why should I let go? Tell me. Did you hear what I said just now?" 
Their voices were not as loud as they had been moments before. They obviously did not notice that the window was open. 
Elisa gritted her teeth. "I'm an independent individual. A living person who needs to watch her own back. I do not have any relationship ties with you. Why should I listen to you about how I should live my life? Did you even think before speaking to me? Did your words go through your brain?"
###chapter830
Chapter 830
The next moment! 
The air in the room became staler! 
Even Vincent and Rachel, standing outside the door, could feel the chill. 
Although it was a bright and fine day, this man had made it a little eerie. 
The two exchanged glances without saying a word. 
The look in Gareth's eyes had become vicious, but Elisa was not afraid of him. She still glanced at him lightly. 
Gareth nodded with a smile. "Great. Very great." 
"What do you mean great? Let go of me!" 
Elisa exerted some force as she spoke. Gareth did not expect that, so Elisa managed to free herself. 
She quickly walked towards the door and opened it. Vincent and Rachel walked in together. 
Vincent smiled at Gareth and said, "That was fast." 
They just had their breakfast. Gareth most probably hadn't had his. 
Vincent glanced at Gareth and smiled, "You haven't had any food since you started looking for Elisa this morning, have you? Would you like to eat something first?" 
He glanced at Elisa as she was speaking. "Can I use your kitchen?"
Gareth frowned, looking upset. But Vincent looked calm and relaxed. Vincent spoke up for Gareth so that Elisa would feel guilty toward him because Gareth would never say anything about it. 
Rachel was surprised. It was already noon. novel ebook Gareth would faint out of hunger if he did not eat… 
At this moment, she stopped talking and glanced at Elisa. She felt unfair for Elisa. This rascal had mistreated Elisa in the past. Why should Elisa let him stay? 
But… When she was in the city just now, she felt… 
Elisa frowned. "All of you should eat out. I need some rest." 
"Your bedroom is upstairs. Rest as you wish. We will not make too much noise downstairs and in the kitchen. Don't worry. I can cook. I will not burn down your kitchen." 
Elisa pursed her lips and headed upstairs silently. 
Rachel gave them a puzzled look, then followed Elisa to her bedroom. 
"Elisa, how long did you sleep just now? Did you have a good rest? Why don't you rest a little while more?" Rachel glanced at Elisa worriedly. Elisa replied calmly, "I've had enough sleep." 
Rachel's eyes flickered as she considered telling Elisa what had happened that morning. In the end, she decided to tell Elisa everything. 
"Gareth came and pounded on my door this morning when I was still asleep. He seemed concerned about your whereabouts. He told me you were missing and asked if I knew anything about you. I was also worried when I heard the news then, so when I saw your text, I told him immediately without a second thought. He snatched my phone away from me. At that moment, I thought that he wasn't a
chivalrous man. But after some thought about the incident, I reckoned that perhaps because of you, he was so nervous…." 
"Elisa, I feel his concern for you is real. He does not have to act or do anything to please anyone, except if it's for Old Madam Wickam."
###chapter831
Chapter 831
Elisa frowned lightly, then snickered. 
Gareth is quite excellent at acting now. I could barely find anything suspicious about him. 
Elisa did not voice out her thoughts. But Rachel seemed to have guessed them. She continued, "It was just Vincent and me that time. He need not put on an act, then. He could have continued working and pretended that nothing had happened. He wouldn't have made an effort to see you." 
Elisa pursed her lips. She was reluctant to discuss this further. She merely spoke calmly. "It's all right. He can do whatever he wants. I do not want to partake in any of his business anymore. He shouldn't meddle with mine, either. He can do anything he wants as long as it isn't against our agreement." 
There was nothing she feared at this moment. He could not blackmail here anymore. Moreover, she knew that Gareth would not do something like that. Although he was stubborn, he still kept to his principles. 
She did not want to pay attention to this man. So she spoke calmly, "This matter has nothing to do with me. He will leave me soon anyway. Why don't you get some rest? I reckon that you hadn't gotten much rest either." 
Rachel nodded immediately without any hesitation. "Great. Then I shall sleep for a while now." 
Rachel stopped the conversation. 
Elisa lied down. She did not want to care about Gareth any more. 
Vincent, however, watched Gareth as he stood in the living room. His face was now more sullen.
Vincent walked towards Gareth's side and spoke softly, "Look, why are you reluctant to say out loud that you care for her? Do you know whom you look like now?" 
Gareth's face darkened. He didn't say a word and wanted to leave, but he didn't go this time. He went to the sofa and sat down. 
Vincent looked at him and spoke helplessly. "Everyone has seen your concern for Elisa today. Why do you still hide it from her?" 
Gareth stared back at him coldly. "I've told you before…" 
But this time, before Gareth could finish speaking, Vincent raised his arms helplessly and said. "It's all right… You can do whatever you want. Have a rest here first. I will make you some instant noodles. I'm hungry now anyway." 
Vincent headed to the kitchen as soon as he finished speaking. 
Gareth sat on the sofa alone. Rachel and Elisa had gone to bed and showed no signs of getting up. 
A little while later, the delicious aroma of food wafted from the kitchen. 
Vincent walked out of the kitchen with two bowls of noodles. 
He glanced at Gareth and spoke, "Come on, have some food first." 
Gareth did not talk. He got up and went to the washroom to wash his hands. Then, he went to the table. 
He would not have the chance to see Elisa anytime soon. But he was indeed hungry from not eating since morning.
Vincent sat opposite Gareth and watched Gareth. At the same time, he picked up his chopsticks and ate. After a moment of hesitation, he finally asked, "How long are you going to keep this up?" 
Gareth glanced at him coldly without an answer. 
He was clearly reluctant to discuss this matter. 
Vincent had no choice but to pick up his chopsticks too. He did not intend to hear Gareth's answer this time. He merely said, "Just tell her that you like her if you do. You do not have to say anything extra to her or expect any benefits from liking her. Other people, including Elisa, should know your feelings towards her now."
###chapter832
Chapter 832
Gareth frowned harder. Misery was written all over his face. He glared at Vincent coldly to let him know that he did not want to listen to all these. 
But Vincent did not care how Gareth thought. He spoke gently, "Perhaps you've loved her since a long time ago. But you thought she and her father forced you into marriage, so you hated them. But you didn't know that…" 
Vincent deliberately stopped here. Gareth glared at him coldly. 
"Enough?" 
There was a surveillance camera here. Gareth did not want Vincent to speak further. But Vincent wanted to do so. He wanted Elisa to know what was going on. 
Vincent continued, "Sometimes, the truth is not everything you see. Perhaps you have misunderstood." 
At that moment, Gareth recalled the recording he had shown Elisa before this. It was a conversation between Gareth and Elisa's father. 
Gareth took a deep breath. He dared not say a single word anymore. He no longer had the appetite for the bowl of noodles in front of him. When Vincent saw Gareth was not eating, he quickly spoke. 
"Don't put down your chopsticks. Eat up. If not, I shall continue." 
Gareth put on a sullen face and kept quiet. 
But he did not put down his chopsticks and continued eating.
Time flew. Vincent and Gareth had been waiting downstairs for Elisa and Rachel for two hours as they rested upstairs. 
Vincent and Gareth's presence made the air feel tense. But they did not intend to leave. 
Vincent looked at Gareth. "I'm tired of convincing you. Did you even listen to what I said?" 
Gareth stared at him coldly, "What do you think I was doing just now when I was eating?" 
Vincent breathed a sigh of relief.novel ebook But he immediately realized that something was wrong the next moment. He turned around and scolded Gareth. "Goodness! Did you only listen to me telling you to eat and forget everything else I told you?" 
Gareth kept quiet as if he was admitting it. 
Vincent could feel his blood pressure rising. He glanced at Gareth helplessly. He raised a finger and pointed at Gareth, but he could not find any words to scold him. 
Heck! Whatever! It was a waste of saliva talking to him! He wouldn't listen! 
How did he even get a friend like that? A fool! 
Soon, it became quiet downstairs. 
Vincent picked up his phone and started browsing through its contents. He needed to calm himself down, as this rascal in front of him might anger him to death. 
Elisa and Rachel were awake upstairs. 
Elisa was wide awake. She was browsing through stuff on her phone, whereas Rachel was rolling on the bed. They were waiting for the two men to leave. They wondered when the 'Plague God' was going to
leave. After a moment of hesitation, she sent Elisa a text message. 
Elisa called her phone. 
Rachel picked up almost immediately. Before Rachel could speak, Elisa started, "These two men will not leave anytime soon. You should sleep. Are you hungry? I can go make you some food if you want." 
Rachel was shocked. "Are you kidding me? You are still wounded. I can make myself food if I want to eat."
###chapter833
Chapter 833
Elisa chuckled. She continued to speak softly. 
"Well, if you are hungry, prepare some food downstairs. Or you could always order food delivery." 
"Alright, got it. But what if the two never leave? What should we do?" 
Elisa smiled confidently. 
"Gareth's pride would never let him do something like that. Don't worry. They will leave soon." 
Elisa knew Gareth well. After all, she had spent three years observing this man's likes and dislikes. She had wanted to give him the best she could. 
It was an unrequited love, to be exact. She had been the only one putting effort into this relationship, and she was now exhausted. 
"Sigh. There is really nothing we can do." Since Elisa had spoken to this extent, Rachel relented and got up. "I'm going downstairs to make some food. You should rest more. But what time did you last eat? Are you hungry?" 
"I'm not hungry yet. I had some food before you arrived just now." 
Elisa was lying. It had been five hours since she had last eaten. But she did not want to meet Gareth downstairs. She would rather wait. 
"Alright then. I'll go downstairs to have a look then." 
Rachel got up and went downstairs. The two men were still on the sofa. One was looking at his phone while the other one was waiting. His presence made the whole space feel uncomfortable.
The two men immediately glanced in Rachel's direction when they heard the sound of footsteps. When Gareth saw that it was Rachel, he looked away. Vincent, however, raised his eyebrows. 
"Did you sleep? How is Elisa?" 
Rachel knew Elisa wouldn't want Gareth to know too much, so she did not dwell much on it. 
"Elisa is asleep. I came down for some food because I was hungry." 
Vincent nodded. But the next moment, he smiled, "I made two bowls of noodles just now. I think they taste quite good. Do you want one?" 
Rachel cast a suspicious glance toward the man in front of her. "You know how to cook?" 
"Of course. My cooking skills are excellent. If you miss it today, you wouldn't have a second chance to try it anymore." 
Vincent raised his legs and crossed them as he spoke. He looked so confident, but only Gareth knew that he had changed his position to make it easier for him to get up if Rachel wanted the noodles. 
Gareth pursed his lips. When did Vincent become so aggressive? Had he really taken Jeremy and his advice? 
But Gareth kept quiet. 
Rachel, however, did not believe Vincent. She spoke in disgust. 
"Whatever. I don't want to be sent to the hospital for eating the food you made. I don't want to be poisoned by you. Forget about snatching my heirloom."
Vincent's face darkened. He spoke coldly, "Fine. Whatever you say. Moreover, that heirloom is mine! Mine! Do you hear me? I'm only letting you hold on to it for a few days! You'll still have to give it back to me eventually!" 
Gareth, "This doesn't look good." 
He had expected too much of Vincent.
###chapter834
Chapter 834
Rachel's face darkened. Annoyance crept into her eyes as she looked at him. "Get out of here! This is Elisa's place, but I'm also considered half a host here. You're not welcomed here!" 
Vincent chuckled out of anger. He put down his crossed legs and spoke through gritted teeth, "Elisa didn't even chase me out just now. Who are you to do that?" 
Rachel was so furious that she didn't want to speak another word to him. She turned around and stormed into the kitchen. Anger doesn't do you well. There's no need to be upset over such an idiot. I will just ignore him – that's the perfect solution! 
She washed her hands and took out some ingredients from the fridge. 
If one knows how to cook, one never has to starve. Vincent probably doesn't know how to cook. Even if he does, I will never ask him to do so. I can't afford to owe him a favor — he'll use that to threaten me in the future! 
Silence resumed in the living room. With a dark expression, Vincent stopped looking at his phone and occasionally shot sullen glances at Rachel while gritting his teeth. 
He was surprised when Rachel brought out pasta that smelled appetizing. He walked to the dining table instinctively and took a bite when Rachel returned to the kitchen to take something. 
"What? It's better than my cooking!" 
When Rachel came out with a bottle of chili flakes, she saw Vincent eating her food. 
"What the hell are you doing? Who said you could eat my food?" Her face flushed red with anger. 
Vincent ignored her and sat in her spot, hungrily devouring the food. "Did you specifically forbid it?"
Rachel was at a loss for words. I've never seen anyone as shameless as him! 'Jerk' is not even enough to describe him! 
Rachel took a deep breath and spoke through gritted teeth, "Are you a pig? You just finished a meal. Wasn't that enough?" 
"Yes, it wasn't enough. I'm hungry again. Any ions?" 
Rachel gritted her teeth. "Fine! Now that you're eating my food, I no longer owe you any favors!" 
With that, she stormed into the kitchen to make another serving for herself. 
Nevertheless, Vincent still grumbled. "What? I drove for so long, and I even prepared breakfast for you! I'm at a disadvantage if all the favors you owe me are canceled out just because of this." 
Idiot! I don't want to talk to him anymore. 
She was so enraged that she lost all her appetite. She exited the kitchen and walked up the stairs in a huff. 
Vincent fell silent upon seeing that. The pasta suddenly became tasteless to him. 
He was about to take a few more bites, but his hands froze mid-air when Rachel left. 
To be frank, he wasn't hungry; he merely wanted to try her cooking. 
I ate her food and even praised her for it. How is she so ungrateful? Doesn't she know that I'm a very picky eater? I don't even eat sub-par food! Yet, she throws a tantrum about this. 
Vincent's face darkened further. He slammed the fork onto the table.
Gareth wasn't in a good mood either, but he felt better when he saw the fight between Vincent and Rachel. 
"Hmph! That ungrateful woman! She's crossing the line simply because I treat her better!"
###chapter835
Chapter 835
Before entering her room, Rachel overheard Vincent's outburst and felt a strong urge to tear him apart. 
She managed to stop herself and walked into her room. I can't take things seriously with an idiot. Otherwise, I'm also an idiot! Vincent really helps with losing weight. I'm not hungry now, and I have no appetite at all! 
Meanwhile, Vincent was feeling irate downstairs. 
That damned woman! It's been so long since she ate something. She must be hungry! 
He suddenly stood up and gritted his teeth. 
Gareth looked at him coldly and sneered, "Who told you to eat her food?" 
Vincent couldn't stand his best friend's sarcasm anymore and snorted coldly. 
"By the way, Elisa went out at such late hours. I bet she hasn't eaten, either. She is injured, but her bandage is not replaced. I wonder when she'll get better, seeing how she has not eaten, rested, or even gotten her wounds cleaned." 
Upon hearing that, Gareth immediately took out his phone and called Thomas. 
As soon as the call connected, he commanded, "Find a female doctor to change Elisa's bandages." 
"It's already been arranged. She's on her way," Thomas replied calmly. 
Mr. Wickam already informed me to do that in the morning, and I timed it well. Elisa's bandages were changed yesterday afternoon, so the next round will be this afternoon, he thought, perplexed. 
Gareth frowned and hung up the phone without saying anything.
At that moment, he finally recalled that he had already given such instructions. 
He shot a hard look at Vincent, who looked slightly cheerful. 
"You'd better think of a way to cheer Rachel up. Otherwise… hah!" 
Gareth didn't finish his sentence, but it was enough to ruin Vincent's mood. 
"You jerk! You deserve to be single forever!" 
He doesn't respect people, take care of his friends or protect his lover – someone like him deserves to be single! That situation is befitting for him! How did I get such a friend? 
He didn't dare to voice his thoughts out loud for fear of enraging Gareth further. 
He gritted his teeth and took out his phone to ask his chef to bring some ingredients. 
The chef was a quiet middle-aged woman who started cooking as soon as she arrived. The food she was preparing was favorites of Elisa and Rachel, who were both upstairs. 
Half an hour later, everything was ready. 
Vincent glanced at Gareth. "Aren't you asking Rachel to eat?" 
As long as Elisa gave in, Rachel would follow suit, and both would eat something. 
However, Gareth looked at his friend icily. "Do you think Rachel will follow Elisa? Go ask Rachel yourself." 
"F*ck! You just want me to do all the work, don't you? You're the last person Elisa wants to see. Do you think she will follow Rachel? She's now injured. Don't you know who's taking the lead between them?"
###chapter836
Chapter 836
Rachel would usually follow Elisa's lead, but not the other way around. 
Vincent was delighted to see Gareth become silent upon hearing that. 
"So, are you going?" 
Gareth's face darkened as he called Elisa's phone number. 
It was still off. 
He looked grim, but he didn't make a move. 
Vincent crossed his leg nonchalantly. "See? You have to go to her personally." 
Gareth looked at him coldly. "I can make Rachel come down, and Elisa will follow her." 
"I don't believe you!" 
"Wanna bet?" 
"Sure, let's do that! What do you want to bet on?" Vincent looked at Gareth vindictively as though the latter was bound to lose. 
"If you lose, bring Rachel away today. If you can't do that, just do what we usually do when we lose a bet." 
"The f*ck? You're pulling all the big guns out, eh? What if you lose?" Vincent's face darkened. 
If they lose a bet, they had to post on Twitter saying, 'I'm so dry for three days. I need women.'
It was Vincent's idea, but he was often the loser. 
Jeremy tried to advise him not to push it, but Vincent didn't believe he would always be the loser. He angrily thought there would be a time he would win, and Jeremy and Gareth would have to post. 
However, more often than not, he was the loser. He was still annoyed by that fact. 
"You get to decide what I do if I lose," Gareth replied calmly. 
Vincent instantly replied, "Sure! If you can't make Rachel come down, you will have to post!" 
"No problem." 
With that, Gareth pulled out his phone. 
"Deal! Get going, now!" Vincent was not anxious anymore. Compared to appeasing Rachel, he was more excited to see Gareth make such a post publicly. 
However, as soon as he finished speaking, Gareth replied, "It's so simple. Why do I even need to move?" 
Vincent was stunned upon hearing that. 
Goodness! Does he have some tricks up his sleeves? 
Vincent had many creative ideas and tricks and always directed them at Gareth. However, it seemed that he had been fooled by Gareth again. 
Gareth started entering a number on his phone. Vincent could tell that it was Rachel's number. 
It was no surprise to Vincent since Gareth had an eidetic memory. But why is he calling Rachel? 
Soon, Rachel picked up the phone.
"Elisa hasn't eaten anything until now. It's not beneficial for her recovery. Food is already prepared at the dining table. Ask her to come down and eat something. The doctor to change her bandages will soon arrive." 
With that, he hung up. 
Vincent was speechless upon seeing that. 
Damn! Why haven't I thought of that? I've lost to him again! He played me this time! 
"Next time, remember to use your brain." 
"..." 
Vincent sank into a stupor. He didn't even have the energy to retaliate. After hearing his words, I think I really am stupid. 
Nevertheless, he spoke through gritted teeth, "I don't believe it! Let's see if Rachel responds!" 
In a few minutes, both Rachel and Elisa walked down the stairs. 
Vincent's face darkened upon hearing that. 
"It smells good!" Rachel couldn't help exclaiming when she smelled the aroma of food as she walked beside Elisa. Her stomach had begun growling.
###chapter837
Chapter 837
All of a sudden, Rachel's appetite returned. I'm going to eat three servings of everything! 
Elisa merely remained silent beside her. 
Though she didn't want to see Gareth, she didn't want her to worry her friend. 
Hence, she accepted Rachel's invitation and walked down with her. 
She knew that she had to eat something for a quicker recovery. 
I'll ignore the men downstairs. 
After washing their hands, she sat at the dining table, along with Gareth and Rachel, who was speechless when she saw Vincent taking the cutlery. 
"Are you a pig? You've eaten so many meals in a day. Even pigs eat less than you!" 
Vincent's face darkened. She's the death of me! One of these days, I'm going to get back at her! 
Considering that he lost the bet, he couldn't antagonize her any further as he had to bring her back later that night. 
He took a deep breath to control his emotions. 
Since Elisa was already at the table, she ate until she was full without reservations. 
The cook had quite good culinary skills. 
As Rachel was already hungry, she ignored Vincent, not wanting to quarrel during meal times.
Since Vincent didn't retaliate just now, it was also time for her to take a step back. 
More importantly, she wanted to enjoy the delicious food. 
After getting her belly filled, her mood had taken a turn for the better. "The food is amazing! I wonder where you order it from." 
Vincent arched an eyebrow. "Do you want more?" 
He had finally calmed down. 
The corner of Rachel's lips twitched. I already made myself clear. Can't he tell? 
She remained quiet. 
"If you like it, you can also eat this in the evening. Or anytime, really. I can make her cook for you anytime time, any dish you like." 
"Anytime?" 
Food of this quality can only be made by a head chef of a large-scale restaurant, who handles many dishes daily. Judging from Vincent's tone, this is a chef hired by him. 
Suddenly, Rachel lost interest in the food. Though she liked it a lot, Elisa made better food. 
"That's right. Anytime you like," Vincent replied seriously, thinking he stood a chance with her. 
However, Rachel gave a perfunctory smile. "That's fine. I think Elisa cooks better than this chef." 
Damn this woman! Vincent thought. 
Silence resumed again when everyone had finished eating.
Neither Vincent nor Gareth was hungry, while Elisa and Rachel couldn't eat a lot. 
Seeing how everyone remained at the dining table, Elisa couldn't help it anymore and stood up. 
At that moment, the chef entered the dining room to clean the table. 
Rachel was shocked to see her. "Oh! Is that how it is?" 
Vincent smiled. "That's why I said she can cook for you anytime." 
Rachel smiled back. "Thanks, but no thanks." 
Gareth glanced at Vincent indifferently. Though he didn't utter a word, his intention was clear – he wanted Vincent to bring Rachel away. 
Where did Gareth's wit go? Rachel won't leave since Elisa will have her bandages changed later. 
Vincent sat quietly. Though I promised to bring Rachel back, I didn't specify what time it would be. If I forcefully bring her away now, she might be upset. I couldn't risk that.
###chapter838
Chapter 838
He pretended not to have seen Gareth's gaze and quickly looked away. 
On the other hand, Elisa could have gotten someone else to change the bandage for her if they didn't arrive at her place. Since they were already there, she didn't bother contacting someone else, so they didn't have to meet each other. 
After waiting for a while, the doctor arrived. 
To Elisa's surprise, it was the same doctor from the day before. 
Which means Gareth asked her here. 
She looked at him subconsciously. 
"It's better for the same person to handle your injury," he said calmly. 
Rachel looked at him, perplexed. Why is this man so thoughtful? Has he genuinely fallen for Elisa? He seemed to be panicked when he didn't see Elisa this morning. He even knocked on the door so violently. Apart from that, it was so ungentlemanly of him to snatch her phone away, as though he acted upon it instinctively out of worry. 
It was not the first time Rachel had interacted with Gareth since Elisa used to be his wife. Apart from that, she had also seen him on public occasions. 
Vincent seemed to be genuinely exasperated with Gareth as well. 
One would only overreact out of worry and care. Has he… fallen for her? Or did he put on a show because I'm here? So I can convince Elisa to change her mind?
With that thought in mind, she felt conflicted, unsure if she should tell Elisa about it. 
Elisa pursed her lips quietly. Since Gareth has already decided, I'll just let him be. He might disagree with my ions, which will create more trouble. 
To Elisa, it didn't matter. 
When the doctor disinfected her wound, Gareth shot a stern look at Vincent. 
Though he didn't say a word, Vincent immediately understood him and twitched his lips speechlessly. I'm only a foot away from Elisa. Do I need to stay away? He really has a strong sense of possession. 
"Bathroom break," he muttered and got up. 
I can smoke a cigarette in there to calm down. Even though Gareth and Elisa are at odds, I feel like a third-wheeler. 
Rachel got up and walked to Elisa to help her unbutton the back of her shirt. 
Gareth also got up and walked to her. The doctor deftly cleaned the wound without speaking. It was quite a deep wound, so it would take some time. 
When the bandages were slowly removed, Rachel felt sorry for her – it hurt a lot when the bandage had to part with the flesh. 
Even though the bandages were already damp, the pain was still unbearable. 
On top of that, women had more sensory nerves, making it even more painful. 
Surprisingly, Elisa didn't even frown. 
"Elisa, you don't have to hold it in. Feel free to yell if it hurts. I can also find something for you to bite on."
Elisa was amused to hear that. "It's not that painful, actually." 
Gareth frowned when he heard that. He felt Elisa's strength and mental fortitude — she didn't even groan when she was injured and continued the fight. 
Over the past few days, she could take care of herself without needing help.
###chapter839
Chapter 839
To him, she was more headstrong and stubborn than independent. 
But… she has never asked me for any help. I have to think of the obstacles she might face. 
His frown deepened. 
Rachel couldn't help exclaiming, "It must hurt a lot! Even though I've never experienced this – I've only been through less severe injuries – I couldn't take it already. Yelling out loud might alleviate the pain." 
The doctor was silent, allowing them to talk freely to distract Elisa from the pain. She was also trying to be gentle with cleaning her wounds to minimize the pain as much as possible. 
Elisa smiled and replied gently, "Don't worry. I'm fine." 
From her expression, it seemed like she wasn't feeling any pain at all. 
Rachel sighed. "Look at you…" 
She knew Elisa had quite a high pain tolerance. In addition, she didn't want to worry Rachel or show her vulnerabilities in front of Gareth, she had been tolerating the pain. 
Alas… But since Elisa insisted, I can't do anything about it. 
When the doctor had finally finished her work, she said, "The recovery is on track, but it's not optimal. You have to rest and eat. Otherwise, it's prone to infections." 
When the doctor had finally finished her work, she said, "The recovery is on track, but it's not optimal. You have to rest and eat. Otherwise, it's prone to infections."
Elisa nodded. "Okay." 
Though she seemed cooperative, Gareth knew she would do whatever she liked. 
With a frown, he wanted to talk some sense into her but managed to stop himself just in time. 
Elisa nodded. "Thanks." 
"Don't worry about it – it's my responsibility." 
The doctor smiled and walked out of the room with a medical kit in her hands. 
As soon as she walked out of the door, she heaved a sigh of relief. The pressure is finally gone! 
When she was treating the wound, she was trying to get a grip on herself. Fortunately, she had a rich experience. Otherwise, she wouldn't know how to handle the situation toward the end. 
Vincent walked out of the bathroom when he knew everything was done. He had been waiting in the bathroom and finished two cigarettes, but that didn't seem to have any calming effect. 
He had been thinking about Gareth and Elisa, as well as Rachel and himself. Gareth and Jeremy had asked him if he had fallen for Rachel, but he told them he was not interested in a tomboy like her. 
What about now? Is it purely because of Mom's belongings? 
At that moment, he had no answer, and his vexation increased. 
After walking out of the bathroom, he saw Rachel beside Elisa, checking if the latter needed anything. 
His frown deepened, annoyed by the scene. 
Is Elisa the only person in her world? What about me?
Vincent gritted his teeth and took a deep breath to control himself, but it was futile. 
He walked to Rachel and said coldly, "I'll send you back." 
She immediately frowned. "You can go back on your own. Why do you have to drag me with you?" 
He had been thinking about Gareth and Elisa, as well as Rachel and himself. Gareth and Jeremy had asked him if he had fallen for Rachel, but he told them he was not interested in a tomboy like her.
###chapter840
Chapter 840
Vincent's face darkened. "What are you staying for?" Trying to suppress his anger, he mouthed silently, "Are you happy with being a third-wheeler here? Do you want their relationship to be tenser?" 
He slowed down his speed as he mouthed the words. Though Rachel didn't fully understand, she froze after getting the gist. 
Looking conflicted, she thought, Should I stay or should I go? It doesn't seem appropriate for me to stay. But if I go, Elisa will be here with Gareth alone. What if he does something to her? On top of that, she is still wounded. Gareth is obviously an expert. No one can stop him if he sets his mind on something. 
Her faltered expression brought hope to Vincent. However, before he could continue, Rachel replied, "No, I'll stay here tonight – Elisa is injured. It's inconvenient for you guys to take care of her, so I'll do that instead!" 
Vincent's face darkened. He thought Rachel was brighter than that, but she was still quite dumb. 
Gritting his teeth, he retorted, "Why do you have to worry when Garreth is here?" 
"Garreth is the reason why I am staying, I don't trust him!" Rachel blurted out straightforwardly. 
Both Gareth and Vincent were rendered speechless upon hearing that. 
Elisa's gaze flickered as she looked at Rachel. "Don't worry about me, Rachel. Go home." 
Rachel wanted to say something but was silenced by Gareth's sharp look. 
Then, Elisa smiled. "They are right – Gareth will take care of me. Why don't you go back first?"
Elisa didn't want to land Rachel in trouble. Gareth can sometimes be unpredictable – no one knows when he will go crazy. I don't want to worry Rachel. 
Rachel frowned, still looking dubious about the plan. 
Before she could say something, Vincent lost his patience and grabbed her wrists impatiently. "Let's go! You're not needed here!" 
"What? Let me go!" She couldn't get rid of his grip and was forced to walk outside with him. Her growls and complaints had no effect whatsoever. 
Vincent's eyes were colored by displeasure. "Shut up and follow me!" 
"You jerk! Let me go! Let me go!" 
"Shhh!" Their voices slowly became distant. 
"Elisa, Elisa…" Rachel said worriedly. 
"Don't worry about me." Elisa didn't stop them and merely smiled at Rachel. 
Gareth didn't move, but his stony expression slightly alleviated, as no one would interrupt them. 
Elisa finally looked at him and asked, "When are you leaving?" 
Gareth's face immediately darkened again. 
No matter how much Elisa prompted him to leave, he stayed behind. 
"I'm staying over tonight." 
Elisa was shocked to hear that. What?
"What? Let me go!" She couldn't get rid of his grip and was forced to walk outside with him. Her growls and complaints had no effect whatsoever.
###chapter841
Chapter 841
She instantly returned to her senses and smiled at him mockingly. "You don't have to do that. I will be fine, and I'm sure Grandma wouldn't blame you. You can leave now." 
Gareth looked slightly greenish as he suppressed his urge to strangle her. Without another word, he headed upstairs. 
Elisa's frown tightened, feeling annoyed as she watched him walk away. 
There was nothing she could do to chase him away. After hesitating, she ignored him and returned to her room. We are like strangers now, yet we have to live under the same roof. If Vincent and Jeremy knew this, they would undoubtedly tease him – especially Vincent. 
Late at night, Gareth still did not feel sleepy at all. He coughed uncontrollably with a frown on his face. Regardless, he didn't say anything and took a deep breath to suppress the urge to cough before closing his eyes. 
The next day, Elisa thought Gareth would leave after waking up. When she went down to prepare breakfast, she was shocked to find food on the table, with Gareth sitting in front of it. 
When he saw her, he said coolly, "Come over for breakfast." 
When he saw her, he said coolly, "Come over for breakfast." 
Elisa's brows knitted together upon seeing that. He's been acting odd these few days. What on earth does he want? Is he doing this purely because of Grandma? He should know that I'm fine. 
She made her way to the dining table without responding.
He's probably leaving after breakfast. 
With that thought in mind, she tolerated his presence. However, she was wrong – he had no intentions of leaving. 
As soon as they finished breakfast, the doorbell rang. Thomas had sent all the necessary documents for Gareth to work there. 
Elisa's face darkened upon seeing that. Is he going to remain here shamelessly? 
When Thomas was about to leave, Elisa said, "Wait." 
He turned around and looked at her in confusion. 
Gareth looked at her sharply as though he was warning her of something, but she wasn't looking at him. 
Her gaze fell on Thomas calmly as she said, "Don't leave yet – bring him with you." 
Thomas was speechless upon hearing that. 
Mr. Wickam plans to work from your place for the next few days. He didn't dare to tell her about this. Is he still going to stay here even though he's not welcomed? 
He subconsciously looked at Gareth, whose face darkened. 
Nevertheless, he had no inclination to leave, so he made himself clear by staring back at Thomas firmly. 
Alright, alright. I understand.
He nodded at Elisa awkwardly and left. 
Though it was unfair to her, he was Gareth's assistant. He had to take Gareth's orders. 
Apart from that, the relationship between Gareth and Elisa had been complicated. It was not wise for him to intervene. If Gareth wanted to leave, he would call Thomas again. 
No matter what, I have to go now. I can't stay here any longer. 
Her gaze fell on Thomas calmly as she said, "Don't leave yet – bring him with you."
###chapter842
Chapter 842
Elisa's frown tightened unhappily at Gareth. Even though she didn't comment on it, she had made herself clear enough. 
However, Gareth feigned ignorance and went to the couch to read the documents. 
After a moment of silence, Elisa said coldly, "Why are you doing this? What's the point?" 
Gareth snorted. "You are asking me what's the point?" 
"I feel like you're acting like a creep right now. I am starting to feel like you can't live without me. Please don't create such an illusion – it's disgusting. Can you leave now?" 
The veins on Gareth's forehead bulged. He looked at Elisa sarcastically. "You'd better not believe the illusion. You're not good enough." 
"Get out of here, then! Don't you know it's annoying to see you here?" Elisa's anger was triggered by his reply, which was why she had taken such a tone toward him. 
One could discern the fieriness in her tone. 
Gareth's face darkened as he put down the documents in his hand. 
He stared at her sharply and intently as if his gaze alone could tear her apart. 
He stared at her sharply and intently as if his gaze alone could tear her apart. 
Nevertheless, Elisa was not afraid of him at all. Standing in the living room, she stared him down coldly. "I know you're doing this because of Grandma. But seeing you alone makes me upset and interferes with my recovery. Don't you know why the wound hasn't been healing well?"
Looking at Gareth's increasingly cold gaze, she continued, "You can do whatever you like as long as it doesn't impact my life!" 
He sneered. "Do you think I want to?" 
As frustration built up within her, she snapped, "Fine. If you don't leave, then I will." 
With that, she went to her room to change and walked out of the door with her handbag. 
"Stop right there, Elisa!" 
She ignored him. 
He called after her again before walking to her swiftly. When he reached her, he grabbed her wrist and stopped her from leaving. 
Elisa grimaced. She could no longer stand his persistence. 
"Do you know how much I hate you right now? Like how you used to hate me, why do you disgust yourself? I'm not in your world anymore!" 
Gareth glared at her lividly. Suddenly, he laughed out loud. "Elisa, you've disgusted me for three years. It's time for you to feel the same!" 
Elisa was stumped to hear that. He's going to be the death of me! 
She breathed in and out deeply to control her emotions. 
I can't stay here any longer! 
However, she didn't leave the house and stormed upstairs instead.
Seeing that she had accepted the situation, Gareth relaxed and returned to the couch. 
In the afternoon, Thomas sent some food over for lunch. 
Gareth frowned and walked to Elisa's room. Instead of knocking, he said in a low voice, "Lunch." 
There was no reply. 
Elisa grimaced. She could no longer stand his persistence.
###chapter843
Chapter 843
Gareth opened the door immediately, but Elisa was nowhere to be seen. 
His face immediately darkened. After checking through all the other rooms, he concluded that Elisa was not in the house anymore. 
She escaped from the second floor! Damn it! 
A vein throbbed on Gareth's forehead. Elisa's actions were utterly unforeseen. His anger went over the roof. 
She didn't leave a note, showing how much she hated his presence. 
Through her actions, she was telling him that he was not needed in her life. 
At that instant, he had the urge to strangle her. 
Nevertheless, he still called Thomas. 
As soon as the call connected, Thomas heard Gareth's threatening voice. "Find out where Elisa is." 
Thomas was stunned to hear that. He's at her place, isn't he? Did he go somewhere else? He should know if Elisa has left if he's there the entire time. Can't he stop her? 
Questions flooded his mind as he processed the situation, but he didn't dare to ask. He promptly replied and went to investigate immediately. 
However, he didn't request to look through the surveillance cameras' footage. Instead, he called Rachel.
However, he didn't request to look through the surveillance cameras' footage. Instead, he called Rachel. 
The call quickly connected. "Hey, Mr. May! Elisa is here, don't worry. Can you pass a message on to Gareth? He is not welcomed here! I can take great care of Elisa, and Sheena is also with us. 
Thomas replied, "Okay." 
As soon as the call disconnected, Sheena looked at Elisa in confusion. "Elisa, what's wrong with Gareth lately? Has he gone nuts or something?" 
"Probably," Elisa replied sarcastically, hardly hiding her impatience. 
However, Rachel looked conflicted. Even though she didn't say anything, her face was an open book. 
Sheena noticed that and asked, "What are you thinking? Just tell us." 
Rachel returned to her senses and glanced at Sheena. Then, she looked at Elisa hesitantly before saying, "Elisa, I think he might have fallen for you. He's just using his grandmother as an excuse to stay with you." 
Elisa smiled. "What are you speculating about? From the beginning, he thought my dad and I had planned for that night. He hated me because of that. He was disgusted by me and hated being with me for three years. How could he fall for me? It could be that his grandmother had pressured him, or he was guilty because I got injured during the business trip he forcibly took me on. He wants me to get well soon because of all that?" 
Seeing the dubious looks on their faces, Elisa smiled. "Also, I'm sure he wants me to work as soon as I recover. It's a huge project that costs a few billion."
Rachel and Sheena remained silent after that. Though Elisa's explanation made sense, they still felt something was off. 
Elisa interrupted their train of thought. "Alright, let's stop discussing this. What about you girls? How is it going between you and Carle, Sheena?" 
Elisa smiled. "What are you speculating about? From the beginning, he thought my dad and I had planned for that night. He hated me because of that. He was disgusted by me and hated being with me for three years. How could he fall for me? It could be that his grandmother had pressured him, or he was guilty because I got injured during the business trip he forcibly took me on. He wants me to get well soon because of all that?"
###chapter844
Chapter 844
Bitterness instantly streaked across Sheena's eyes. "I haven't seen him in a long time. He's been avoiding me intentionally since he found out about my feelings. He must be afraid to give me false hope." 
Rachel furrowed her brows at once. "You can't go on like this. It's complicated between you, but we're such old friends. Why don't we ask Carle to come over for dinner tonight?" 
Elisa had a complicated expression. She thought of what Carle had said previously, not to ignore him. But now, he was avoiding Sheena… 
Sometimes, human relationships are complicated. 
She thought about it and nodded. "Sure. I'm okay with it." 
Sheena wanted to see the man and said softly, "I'm okay with it too." 
Rachel nodded. "Alright. I'll ask Carle now." 
Sheena was nervous. 
The call went through quickly. 
"Rach?" 
"Hey, what are you doing now? Am I disturbing you?" 
Carle smiled. "No. Why are you calling?"
"We miss you and haven't seen you in a long time. Should the four of us have dinner at my house tonight?" 
"Four of us?" Carle's voice was astonished. 
"Yes. It's been a while. I've asked both of them, and they're okay with it. You're the only one left. Are you free tonight? If you're not, another day works as well." 
"Yes. It's been a while. I've asked both of them, and they're okay with it. You're the only one left. Are you free tonight? If you're not, another day works as well." 
Rachel's voice was casual. 
Carle was a little baffled. He never thought that Elisa would agree to it. He didn't ask anymore and smiled. "Of course, I'm free. We haven't seen each other in a long time, and I miss you all. What time should we meet tonight?" 
"What about six?" 
"Sure." 
"Alright. See you then. I'm going to hang up now." 
"Okay." 
They hung up after that. Rachel put her cell phone down and looked at the other two cheerfully. "Although some of us are involved, I can't judge because there's no one I like, and I can't understand your feelings. Still, I want to say that you can come out of it! Slowpoke Sheen, you have two solutions since you like him. Pursue him passionately or give up on him entirely. Don't settle for anything else."
Sheena opened her mouth and sighed frustratedly in the end. "I want to, but it's challenging. It's so hard…" 
Rachel sighed with Sheena. "I know that it's difficult… but look at Liz. She might have liked Gareth for as long as you like Carle, but she's given up on Gareth now." 
Sheena opened her mouth, but Rachel interrupted. "Carle has always liked Liz but pretended to be in love with others in front of her. Carle thought that he still had other chances, but Liz married Gareth. As for Gareth, he's quite scummy. Gareth wasn't willing to marry Liz from the beginning until the end. Back then, he misjudged Liz and thought she schemed against him, so he treated her poorly. You have to learn from how Liz gave up on Gareth! Let go of Carle firmly and honestly, or start pursuing him!" 
"Otherwise, it's not good for you to stay silent when you have a crush on him and want to be with him!" 
Sheena pursed her lips. She knew Rach was trying to say that Liz might have had a more challenging time than her when she gave up on Gareth so decisively. She should take Liz as an example. 
But… how could human emotions be restrained so easily? 
At that time, Gareth answered a call from Thomas. 
Rachel sighed with Sheena. "I know that it's difficult… but look at Liz. She might have liked Gareth for as long as you like Carle, but she's given up on Gareth now."
###chapter845
Chapter 845
Gareth was in Elisa's house and hadn't left. 
Thomas scratched the tip of his nose and felt slightly awkward. How could he tell Gareth what Rachel had said… 
If he were too honest, Mr. Wickam would be in a bad mood, which might affect everyone. 
But… 
If he weren't frank, he would be deceiving Mr. Wickam. Thomas was in a difficult position. 
He hesitated for a moment before saying softly, "Mr. Wickam, I just called Ms. Markee. Ms. Benett is at her place with Ms. Gilo. The three are together, so Ms. Benett should be fine." 
Gareth's expression was ice-cold. He didn't say a word. 
Thomas had a slightly uncomfortable expression. In an instant, he didn't know how to tell Gareth, but at such a stage, so he could only go on. "Ms. Markee said… she will take good care of Ms. Benett and that you don't have to do it for the time being. They don't want to bother you…" 
At that moment, that was all he could say. He couldn't say anymore. 
Gareth's face darkened, and he didn't say anything in the end. He ended the call. 
How could he not know that Thomas spoke tactfully? 
Rachel had always been a frank and outspoken person. It was obvious from her usual sarcasm and fiery words. 
Gareth gritted his teeth. This time, he wasn't in the mood to stay at all. He got up and left.
One hour passed. 
Elisa was still at Rachel's house. 
The three were chatting and joking when Rachel's cell phone suddenly rang again. It was Thomas again. 
Rachel was slightly confused. "Why is he calling me again?" 
Sheena smiled. "Liz's cell phone is switched off, so he can only call you." 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
Rachel immediately smiled. "Alright. He can call me if he wants. I'll answer the call. Thomas' voice sounds pretty good. I might even be able to flirt with him." 
Sheena and Elisa were dumbfounded. 
But they knew that Rachel was joking. 
They watched as she quickly answered the call, and the other party's voice was heard. "Hello, Ms. Markee. It's Thomas." 
"Mm. I know. Why are you calling again?" 
"It's like this… Mr. Wickam knows you're taking care of Ms. Benett, so he's relieved, but he still needs you to pass a message to Ms. Benett." 
Rachel was on loudspeaker, so everyone could hear. 
Rachel glanced at Elisa and asked in a baffled manner, "What is it?"
"Mr. Wickam said that he won't come again on the condition that you all are together. If no one takes care of Ms. Benett, Mr. Wickam will return." 
Rachel suddenly laughed. "Alright. I'll let her know." 
"Okay. Thank you." 
"You're welcome. It's nothing." 
After that, she ended the call, and her gaze fell on Elisa. There was a smile in the corner of her mouth. "Liz, it seems like you have to stick with me. Would you like to start now?" 
Elisa frowned, and her expression was slightly dark. "There's no need." 
Rachel suddenly furrowed her brows. "Even if Gareth didn't pass this message, I should be by your side. Although you're self-reliant and can do everything by yourself, you'd be a lot more comfortable with me around. Just let me do everything." 
Sheena nodded. "That's right. I'm in as well. Why didn't you tell me that you were injured previously?!" 
The warmth in Elisa's heart grew. Why does she need a man? Her best friends are more than enough. 
Rachel glanced at Elisa and asked in a baffled manner, "What is it?"
###chapter846
Chapter 846
Rachel nodded. "That's right. You have to stay with us. Otherwise, let Gareth take care of you." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Rachel hesitated for a moment, but she couldn't help herself. "Actually… I understand Gareth's behavior. He's held himself back these few days. You were involved and hurt because of him, but you keep expressing that you don't need him. If he didn't care, he should be overjoyed. He could have asked anyone to look after you or ignore you since you have us." 
Sheena nodded. "Yes. I think so too. Liz, perhaps he's starting to notice you since you're different from before." 
Elisa's lips twitched. "Never mind. He can do whatever he wants. Ignore him. It's fine as long as he doesn't disturb me." 
"Pfft. Just stay with us. He'll still get someone to keep an eye on you. If you're alone, he will show up. Perhaps he might think you're acting coy for him to show up." 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Sheena immediately nodded in agreement. "That's right. It will cause a misunderstanding." 
Elisa didn't say anything. She hadn't wanted to trouble her two good friends. 
Rachel nodded. "That's right. You have to stay with us. Otherwise, let Gareth take care of you." 
But since they were staying with her, they would be upset if she said too much. She hesitated for a moment before finally saying, "I'm afraid I must trouble the both of you then."
"Stop! Why are you being so polite?" Rachel had an annoyed expression. 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh. "Alright. You will stay with me from today onwards and be my servant." 
"Yes, milady." 
They laughed as they chatted, and night came. 
They had a dinner gathering at Rachel's house that night. 
Elisa obviously couldn't cook. Her two best friends wouldn't allow her to either. 
Rachel and Sheena cooked instead. Not long after, the food was done when Carle arrived. 
Rachel opened the door for Carle and smiled. "You're just on time! Quickly go and wash your hands. We can eat!" 
Carle smiled at once. "I'm truly blessed." 
After that, he looked at the kitchen subconsciously. From past dinner gatherings, he recalled that Elisa had always been the one to bustle around in the kitchen because she had excellent cooking skills. 
But… this time, he saw Sheena there instead. 
She was holding a plate of food, and her gaze was subconsciously directed at the door. 
In an instant, Sheena and Carle's eyes met. Sheena's heartbeat quickened furiously. 
Carle felt slightly awkward, but at the next moment, he nodded and smiled stiffly at Sheena. 
Sheena's gaze dimmed a little, and she said, "We can eat."
Carle nodded again and didn't say anything else as he walked to the washroom. He looked around but didn't see Elisa's figure. 
He was at the door of the washroom when Elisa walked out. In an instant, Carle was slightly excited. He finally saw Liz! 
It had been a long time since he had last seen her. He missed her. 
"Liz." 
It would have been great if Liz had been his girlfriend. He would hug her if that were the case. 
But they were friends, and he had to respect their boundaries. 
But… this time, he saw Sheena there instead. 
She was holding a plate of food, and her gaze was subconsciously directed at the door.
###chapter847
Chapter 847
Elisa smiled and nodded. "Wash your hands. Let's eat." 
Carle nodded and walked into the washroom. This time, after Elisa sat down, Sheena chose to sit next to her. 
Rachel noticed and knew what was going on, so she immediately walked to sit across from Elisa. 
She deliberately left a seat for Carle across from Sheena. 
Unease instantly flickered across Sheena's eyes. "Rach…" 
Her voice was very soft. Only the three of them could hear it. 
Rachel smiled and threw her a coy glance. "Don't be afraid. Persist bravely!" 
Sheena was flabbergasted. 
At that moment, she didn't know what to say. 
She felt apprehensive and panicked. 
Why? Why isn't she the one that Carle likes? 
When Carle walked out, he saw the only seat left. 
His gaze instantly dimmed. He couldn't sit next to Liz or across from her. 
When he saw that Sheena was across from him, he felt they had arranged it deliberately.
He silently sighed in frustration, knowing it was impossible for him and Liz. This seating was… better. He could give up on her completely, and he wouldn't cause much trouble for Liz any longer. 
Carle took a breath and dismissed the apprehension in his heart. He started chatting and joking with them. He didn't snub Sheena because she liked him. Everything went well. 
The dinner went exceptionally well. Elisa had told them not to let Carle know she had been injured. Rachel and Sheena also knew that Carle liked Elisa. If he found out, he would lose control, so naturally, neither of them brought it up. 
Rachel said with a grin, "Liz instructed while Sheen and I prepared today's food. What do you think? I'll beat you up if you dare say it doesn't taste good." 
Rachel clenched her fists as she spoke. 
Carle couldn't hold back his laughter. "You want me to try the food, but you don't want to hear my honest opinion. How bossy of you." 
"Yes! Quickly try it!" 
Sheena and Elisa chuckled aloud. Carle was exasperated but took a bite of the food. He said with surprise, "It's delicious. You're about to catch up to Liz's skills." 
Rachel had made what he was eating, and she was instantly surprised. "Oh my goodness. Really? I'm about to catch up to Liz?" 
Carle smiled as he nodded. "Try it for yourself." 
Carle smiled as he nodded. "Try it for yourself."
Rachel immediately took a bite, and she frowned at once. "Are you kidding me? I was excited because I thought I was about to surpass Liz's cooking skills and could cook for myself in the future. Men are such liars!" 
"Pfft…" Sheena was amused. "You were about to beat him up if he said it didn't taste good, but you're grumbling when he said it's delicious. What do you want?" 
Carle suddenly burst out laughing. "It's alright. It's the nature of women." 
"What! Are you calling me unreasonable?" Rachel's eyes widened as she looked at Carle. 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
Sheena scratched the tip of her nose. "You're becoming more unreasonable." 
Rachel laughed out loud. "Come on, let's eat. Although it's not as good as Liz's food, it's similar. I'll get there after a few more tries!" 
"Mm. Such resolve. I'm rooting for you." There was a smile in the corner of Carle's lips. 
Carle smiled as he nodded. "Try it for yourself."
###chapter848
Chapter 848
But he thought of something and asked in a baffled manner, "Why isn't alcohol served tonight?" 
"We knew you were driving, and drinking so often isn't good. I've been breaking out lately." 
"You should eat less dairy." 
But after he said it, he realized nondairy-based food was on the table. He suddenly smiled. "You're being so healthy?" 
"Of course." 
Sheena let out a breath. Breaking out was a good excuse. 
Everyone chatted and joked around. There was a good atmosphere. 
But… 
Carle suddenly looked at the three of them and said softly, "Actually, I have something to say." 
"Go ahead," Sheena said, but she was slightly worried. 
Why is Carle being serious all of a sudden? 
Sheena's body stiffened, worried about what he was going to say. 
Then… 
He said softly, "The relationship between the four of us isn't as innocent as it used to be. I know it's all because of me."
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly, but she said softly, "Don't say that." 
Carle smiled and shook his head. "I know that it's my problem. Liz, let me finish." 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say anything else. 
There was a slightly apologetic smile in the corner of Carle's lips. "My deep affection for you previously made you very uncomfortable when you were around me. It's my fault, Liz. I was too careful, which caused a lot of trouble for you. I know now I can't pursue you relentlessly." 
Elisa's eyes flashed a little. Carle had said similar things to her on the phone previously. Is he… 
Elisa didn't say anything and looked at Carle, waiting for him to go on. 
Meanwhile, Sheena's heart was in much pain. Has Carle decided to give up on Liz? 
If he's giving up on Liz, is he also telling her to give up on him? 
At that moment, Sheena suddenly didn't know what to do. 
She was very anxious. 
She didn't want to hear Carle asking her to give up. She didn't want to hear him say such words… 
She didn't want to hear that at all. 
She persisted for ten years and maintained a friendship without telling him how she felt. 
But… now that she had told him about it, she didn't want to go back. She didn't want to give up! 
At that moment, she was getting more nervous, and her hands trembled, so she put her cutlery down.
At that moment, she was getting more nervous, and her hands trembled, so she put her cutlery down. 
Rachel could clearly see that something strange was happening with Sheen and was worried about her, but… in such a situation, she didn't know what to say. She could only let Carle continue speaking. 
Carle smiled lightly. "After all is said and done, I don't know if you will believe me, Liz, but I will choose only to protect you in the future. I won't put you in a tough spot again. You can treat me like a brother, and I will treat you as my only sister." 
Sheena's heart hurt severely. Although he said he wanted to give up pursuing Liz, he still favored her. 
Because… 
Carle said that Liz was his only sister. Would that make her and Rach his friends? 
Sheena looked down dully and didn't say anything. 
Elisa's gaze flickered. She couldn't say anything else after Carle had spoken such words. She nodded. "Alright." 
Carle smiled and nodded. "Liz, can we go back to the start? Back when we were friends." 
At that moment, she was getting more nervous, and her hands trembled, so she put her cutlery down.
###chapter849
Chapter 849
Elisa nodded. "Yes." 
She didn't say anything else. 
It seemed like Carle sighed in relief and then smiled lightly. 
"I might have been too stubborn previously, or perhaps I loved you too deeply. I thought about how to get you to accept me every day. I even used my injury to emotionally blackmail you into being with me." 
"To be honest, after I woke up from my coma, I was elated when I heard that you accepted me. However, I was also worried that you only accepted me because I had been in an accident. There was something strange, but… I wanted to deceive and trick myself." 
When Carle was speaking, he couldn't help but smile as he shook his head. 
Sheena opened her mouth and wanted to say something, but she couldn't find the words. 
Rachel said, "No matter what the reason, in any case, you woke up. Otherwise, we didn't think you'd have that strong a will to live. Do you know how sad we'd be if you weren't determined to wake up?" 
Carle nodded at once. "It's my fault. I'm to blame." 
"Alright. It's in the past." Sheena immediately smoothed things over. 
Carle smiled and said, "That's right. Back then, I was completely disheartened, but when I think about it now, I went overboard. I didn't consider your feelings and behaved deceitfully. I didn't act like a proper man at all." 
Rachel smiled. "It's good that you've come round."
Elisa and Sheena didn't say a word. At that moment, it seemed like they didn't know what to say. 
Carle smiled. "Now that I've decided to give up entirely, it's a relief. It's as though I can relax after Liz is at ease. In the same way, the two of you have loosened up too. Otherwise, Liz might choose to avoid me and treat me like a stranger after a while. And as the ones caught in the middle, you would be faced with a difficult choice." 
Sheena opened her mouth and couldn't find the words again. 
She felt that Carle was saying such things now for her sake. 
Is Carle trying to tell her to give up? 
Elisa nodded. "Carle, I'm sorry, but thank you." 
Carle smiled and shook his head. "I should be the one to apologize." 
His voice was at ease, and he wasn't emotional. 
Elisa's lashes trembled. She still felt slightly guilty because she had disappointed Carle's deep affection for her, but she couldn't say too much. She was afraid that if she did, he would overthink. 
Rachel immediately smoothened things over. "Alright, alright. We're all friends. There's no need to keep apologizing. Don't make it a big deal." 
Rachel immediately smoothened things over. "Alright, alright. We're all friends. There's no need to keep apologizing. Don't make it a big deal." 
Elisa didn't say anything, while Carle smiled and nodded before he directed his gaze at Sheena. 
"Sheen."
Sheena's figure stiffened at once. She looked at Carle but didn't have the nerve to look into his deep, smiling eyes. She looked at his slightly curved lips instead. Sheena was so nervous she felt that she would tremble if she spoke. 
In the end, she chose not to say anything. She tried to calm her breathing and slow her heartbeat down. 
Carle smiled and looked at her. "Sheen, I want to apologize to you after such a long time." 
Sheena's expression changed slightly. She shook her head at once but was stupefied and couldn't get a word out. Sheena was afraid that she would shiver when she spoke because she was so nervous. 
Rachel immediately smoothened things over. "Alright, alright. We're all friends. There's no need to keep apologizing. Don't make it a big deal."
###chapter850
Chapter 850
Carle smiled and said, "I was thoughtless and didn't notice so many things about you. I pursued Liz in front of you relentlessly. I even discussed with you how to pursue her, and you bottled up your sadness to help me come up with ideas. I'm sorry, Sheen." 
Sheen shook her head immediately. "No, this has nothing to do with you. I never said anything before, so none of you would know." 
She didn't want to trouble everyone. She was afraid that if she said anything, they couldn't stay friends. 
Sheena took a deep breath and hung her head slightly. She didn't have the nerve to look at Carle. 
Carle said softly, "I'm very sorry, but I know if I say too much, it will make you feel worse. Although I want to give up on Liz, I can't start a new relationship so quickly. Sheen, can we be friends like we used to be?" 
He was actually rejecting Sheena explicitly so she wouldn't think too much. 
In an instant, Sheena's heart was in agony, but she hadn't lost her rationality. If she turned down Carle's offer to be friends now, he might choose to distance himself from her. There was no way he could forget Liz now. 
In the end, Sheena nodded. "Alright. Let's be friends from now on and not overthink anything. We've grown up together and have such a good relationship. I don't want to lose any of you." 
"But he wonts to drow the line with me…" 
In the end, Sheena nodded. "Alright. Let's be friends from now on and not overthink anything. We've grown up together and have such a good relationship. I don't want to lose any of you."
Carle immediately nodded in a relieved manner. "Okay." 
Elisa and Rachel's eyes flashed, but they didn't say anything. 
Since they talked about it, Carle wasn't like before. He didn't look at Elisa with as scorching a gaze as he used to. Everything was back to normal. At last, Elisa could completely breathe a sigh of relief. 
After that, everyone had a great time during dinner. Carle didn't stay too long into the night. He chatted for a while more and left 
When the door shut, Sheena didn't hold back her tears any longer, and they flowed down. 
Elisa and Rachel's expressions changed. They were on either side of Sheena, and Rachel hugged her. "Don't cry, babe! At least he's willing to give up on Liz now, and everything has returned to normal. He will slowly give up entirely, and your chance will come!" 
"But he wants to draw the line with me…" 
She wasn't even qualified to be like a sister to him. Right now, she felt heartbroken. 
She wasn't even qualified to be like a sister to him. Right now, she felt heartbroken. 
Elisa said softly, "Sheen, I've felt this before. I loved Gareth for so many years. Even after I had the divorce and gave up on him, I still can't enter a new relationship or accept anyone. Perhaps time will heal all…" 
Sheena took a deep breath. "I know. I know all the principles. I wouldn't be able to let go of Carle and look for a new relationship either." 
As Sheena spoke, she wiped the tears from her face, but… she was so sad that new tears kept flowing.
She didn't know how to express her emotions. 
Rachel sighed. "Ah… isn't it great to be without cares and worries like me? You guys… it's so tiring to be entangled by emotions." 
Elisa's lips twitched. "Yes, we would like to be as confident and at ease as you." 
Sheena sighed. "That's right. I don't want to have feelings for anyone. It would be great if I could be friends with Carle, but I see his excellence, deep affection, and everything else… I can't let go." 
She wasn't even qualified to be like a sister to him. Right now, she felt heartbroken.
###chapter851
Chapter 851
As Sheena spoke, her tears flowed. 
Rachel’s expression changed. “All! Don’t cry, babe, don’t cry! Men aren’t worth it! Carle is our friend, but he’s only a friend. If he was your boyfriend, something frightening might happen!” 
Elisa and Sheena were dumbstruck. 
“It’s alright. I’ll make peace with it alone. It might be even more painful for me if you’re like this.” Sheena couldn’t help but add. 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
“Ah, I’m going to shower,” Sheena said as she stood up. 
The two of them were planning to stay at Rachel’s house tonight. 
After all, they had to take care of Elisa. 
The next day, they didn’t go to work. 
They were ultimately wealthy young ladies. None of them needed money. They only went to work occasionally to keep themselves entertained. 
In the future, Sheena would take over her family’s business. Although Rachel had broken away from her family, she had to return sooner or later. 
The next day, Elisa wanted to go to her house to take some things, so they all went to Elisa’s house.
“Ah! What a comfortable villa. Let’s stay here tonight!” Rachel said casually, but it was for Elisa’s sake. Rachel knew Elisa would be more comfortable staying in her own house. 
Sheena nodded. “I don’t want to stay with my parents today. I want to relax, so anywhere is fine.” 
Elisa smiled and didn’t say anything. 
Rachel’s place was a two-bedroom, so two of them had to share a room. 
But Elisa’s house had many rooms. They could sleep wherever they wanted. 
It was just that… 
Their gaze fell on the things that were on top of the dining table. 
Rachel said, “It looks like food from yesterday. Gareth must have noticed you were missing when he came to look for you to eat together.” 
“Probably.” 
Elisa didn’t want to guess Gareth’s thoughts. She was tired and restless. 
Rachel and Sheena didn’t bring it up either. The three of them stayed in Elisa’s house. 
During this period, Gareth did get people to keep an eye on Elisa. Everything looked normal, and Rachel and Sheena stayed by her side. 
A week passed. Everything was well and calm. 
At that moment, Elisa had just changed her bandages. Rachel said excitedly, “I see your injury has been healing well these days. The doctor just said that it would fully recover soon. It’s already starting
to scab now.” 
Elisa smiled. “Mm. Soon. It doesn’t hurt anymore.” 
The corners of Sheena’s mouth twitched uncontrollably. “How could such a serious injury not hurt? I’m starting to suspect if you’re a woman. Don’t tell me that you tricked us and you’re transgender?” 
Rachel laughed out loud. “That’s right! Women have lower pain tolerance than men. You said that it didn’t hurt from the first day.” 
Elisa grinned. “Perhaps my pain tolerance isn’t as sensitive. Although women have low pain tolerance, there are exceptions.” 
“Pfft. You’re always trying to be brave!” Rachel pursed her lips. 
When Rachel said that, the scene of Gareth saying the exact words suddenly flashed in her mind. 
Her lashes trembled slightly. It seemed like she had yet to rid Gareth from her mind. This man is so toxic! 
It isn’t what she wants! 
Elisa took a small breath and restrained the sudden uneasiness that emerged.
###chapter852
Chapter 852
The doorbell suddenly rang and distracted the three. 
Rachel was suddenly suspicious. “Don’t tell me that Gareth is here!” 
Sheena was astonished. “Huh? Will he come? Didn’t he previously say that he wouldn’t disturb Liz as long as we’re around?” 
Rachel and Sheena had perplexed expressions, and they looked at Elisa subconsciously. 
Elisa got up. “I’ll take a look.” 
“Don’t! You’re an injured patient! Why can’t you be more conscientious!” Rachel would have pushed her back onto the couch in her rage if not for Elisa’s injury. 
Elisa smiled and scratched the tip of her nose without saying anything. 
Rachel walked to the door. “I’ll take a look, and if it’s Gareth, I’ll make him leave.” 
She made her way to the door. When she saw that it was Will, she was astonished. She turned to look at Elisa. “It’s Will.” 
She said it softly because she didn’t dare to be too loud. 
Elisa’s eyes flickered, and in the end, she said, “Open the door.” 
Rachel opened the door, and the three saw the man standing outside with a large bouquet of roses. 
He was wearing his usual royal blue suit, looking fearless and brave. There was a gentle smile on his handsome face, and he seemed remarkably at ease.
It made many girls obsess over him frantically. 
The first person Will saw was naturally the person who greeted him at the door. He wasn’t too surprised as he smiled and looked at Rachel. His voice was gentle. “Hello.” 
Rachel was startled. She hadn’t had many interactions with Will. 
Furthermore, she was used to Gareth’s nasty and cold expressions. Such a contrast was like heaven and earth. Rachel nodded subconsciously and stepped aside. “Hello, please come in.” 
Her gaze fell unconsciously on the big bouquet of roses in Will’s hands when she spoke. The fresh roses were gorgeous and in a brilliant red. 
Alt! 
How nice it must be to be pursued! 
She suddenly wanted a man who would go after her! 
But she had bad luck! 
She didn’t have much luck with the men as Liz did. 
Liz had a few men who were pursuing her now! 
Ah… she wants that too! How does it feel to be a woman who plays around? As Rachel thought about it, an annoying face appeared in her mind subconsciously. Rachel’s expression changed. D*mn. Why did she think of that pest? 
Will changed his shoes and walked in.
He wasn’t too surprised when he saw that Sheena was also around. He nodded at her before looking at Elisa smilingly. “How are you recovering?” 
Elisa’s gaze dulled. She lifted her eyes subconsciously to look at Will. She didn’t tell him that she had been injured. 
But he found out. 
Will casually put the flowers on the coffee table. 
Elisa said calmly, “I’ve almost recovered fully.” 
Will nodded. “Mm. Rest well. Don’t work before you’ve recovered fully. It will distress me.” 
Sheena was stunned. 
Does he think no one else is around? 
Rachel was also stunned. 
She hadn’t come to her senses and was still admiring the roses! 
But now! 
It happened again! 
He was being way too sweet to Liz! 
At the next moment, Rachel coughed lightly to make her presence known before saying, “While you’re being sweet to each other, have you considered that some of us are single?”
Will suddenly laughed. “I’m sorry. I was too concerned about Liz and didn’t think about how you would feel. I have to make it up to you to express my regret.”
###chapter853
Chapter 853
Rachel’s interest was piqued. 
Mr. Darcey had high EQ. 
It could be said that Rachel and Sheena didn’t lack anything. They wouldn’t be moved by moneyjewelry, or branded bags. Furthermore, they wouldn’t feel like Will was making it up to them if he gave them those things. He would be patronizing them instead. 
So, what else could Will do? 
Sheena was excited when she thought about it. 
Will smiled. “From what I remember, it’s almost Liz’s birthday.” 
Sheena was flabbergasted. 
And Rachel immediately rolled her eyes. “You want to make it up to us by asking us to prepare Liz’s birthday gifts?” 
What kind of compensation is that? 
Will smiled at once. “Of course not.” 
Liz’s brows furrowed slightly, and she looked at Will. Although she didn’t say anything, it was clear that she disapproved. 
But Will couldn’t be bothered. He looked at Rachel and Sheena courteously and said, “I want to organize a birthday party for Liz where I’m going to announce that I want to protect Liz for the rest of her life. I will protect everyone she cares about as well.”
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
Oh my god. It’s excellent compensation! 
If her dad knew she had such a great connection, he would beg her to go home. He would even make her stepmother bow and bend her knee to beg Rachel. 
Why did she suddenly feel invigorated? 
At that moment, Sheena was also astonished. If Will did as he said, her parents wouldn’t force her to go on blind dates anymore. 
It was fantastic compensation and would be a great honor for Rachel and Sheena’s families! 
It would move anyone. 
But… 
Not them, because Liz didn’t like Will and didn’t want to be with him. Therefore, they wouldn’t accept Will’s compensation. 
Elisa raised her eyes and glanced at Will. “You don’t have to trouble yourself. I don’t like celebrating my birthday.” 
Her voice was indifferent and wasn’t overly emotional. She seemed calm and wasn’t stirred by Will’s words. 
Will smiled. “You’ve been plagued by misfortune lately. You should celebrate your birthday to get rid of it.” 
Elisa looked at Will in surprise. “Are you being superstitious?’
Sheena smiled. “Are businessmen superstitious?” 
Rachel looked doubtfully at Will. She felt that he was spouting nonsense. He wasn’t superstitious at all. 
Will smiled and added. “It is what it is.” 
Elisa looked away and said indifferently, “I don’t want to have a birthday party or celebrate my birthday.” 
She repeated it, and her attitude was firm. 
Will sighed in exasperation. “Liz, I want to give you the best.” 
Sheena and Rachel were stupefied. 
They didn’t want to stay there any longer. 
Elisa raised her eyes and looked at Will. Her brows furrowed tightly, and annoyance was intertwined in her eyes even though she didn’t say anything. 
Will smiled and stopped talking about it. He sat in front of her and said softly, “How long before your injury can heal completely?” 
“It’s almost healed.” 
Will lifted his eyes and looked at Rachel and Sheena, who sat across from them. There was a gentle smile on the corners of his lips. “Really?” 
Sheena was dumbfounded. 
Rachel nodded. “The wound is scabbing. She’s recovering well.”
###chapter854
Chapter 854
Elisa pursed her lips and didn’t say anything. 
Will smiled. “That’s good.” 
Silence resumed, and everything looked normal. 
But… 
There was something strange about the air in the house because of Will’s sudden appearance. 
However, Will didn’t notice anything weird. He started speaking, and Rachel and Sheena were very interested. They began replying and subconsciously chattered away with Will. 
Elisa pursed her lips, occasionally listening to what they were saying. 
It had to be said that Will brought up interesting conversation topics. He was a good conversationalist. It captivated his listeners even when he talked about something as dull as finance. 
But Elisa didn’t plan on chatting with him. She said calmly, “I’m a little tired, so I’m going to rest. Go on without me.” 
Will said at once, “Go and rest. It’s getting late, so I’ll leave. Call me any time if you need anything.” 
Elisa nodded. “Alright.” 
Will knew Elisa didn’t want him to stay, but he didn’t think much of it. 
It wasn’t easy to have a breakthrough with Elisa when she had such a personality. 
But he believed that he would have a breakthrough with her one day.
Will left just like that. 
Sheena and Rachel looked at Elisa, and Rachel said with a smile, “We talked for quite some time. Why don’t you take a nap? I’ll call you once I’m done cooking.” 
Elisa shook her head. “I’m not tired. I didn’t want him to stay.” 
Sheena smiled. “You’re right. Will is brilliant. I was uncontrollably sucked into his conversation. I couldn’t help but want to answer. He has… such high EQ!” 
Rachel laughed out loud. “Otherwise, why would others say Will is an EQ expert? It comes naturally to Will, so I wonder if he practiced with many girls. The man speaks frankly and confidently. He’s also outstanding in every way. How would anyone dislike him?” 
“Liz doesn’t like him.” Sheena couldn’t help but laugh. “If I weren’t so in love with Carle, I would be captivated with Will if he flirted with me like that.” 
Rachel couldn’t restrain her laughter. “He’s amazing. Liz, how can you stand your ground against him?” 
Rachel was slightly curious. 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “Will has never been sincere and wants to use me. I don’t have to stand my ground against anything. 
Moreover, I’ve been disappointed in love. I don’t have any expectations, and I don’t hope for any great waves to come my way.” 
“You’re amazing! That’s great insight,” Rachel said as she gave Elisa a thumbs up. At the same time, she said in exasperation, “Sometimes, I think that being alone is great, but sometimes I feel like having a husband would be pretty good too.”
Sheena looked down slightly and tried to hide her pain. Her voice was calm as she said, “You just haven’t met the right person yet. Once you do, you’ll be happy that you have a lifelong companion.” 
She wanted to be with Carle for the rest of their lives, but to no avail… She wasn’t the right person for Carle. 
He had never liked her. 
When Sheena thought about it, she seemed to get sadder. 
Rachel and Elisa could sense it, but they couldn’t console her at that moment. 
If they said too much, it would make her overthink, and she would get more upset.
###chapter855
Chapter 855
Elisa’s injury continued healing for the next ten days, and she chose to stop working from home. She went to the office instead. 
While she was working from home, Gareth hadn’t revealed that she had been injured. Thomas just said that Mr. Wickam had sent her to do other things. 
No one would be suspicious if Thomas said Mr. Wickam sent her to do things. If he said that it was what Elisa wanted to do, everyone would talk about Elisa and demonize her. 
In the ten days, Gareth didn’t go and see Elisa. When he knew that Elisa was coming back to the office, his brows immediately wrinkled tightly, and he walked to Elisa’s office. 
He didn’t knock and opened the door. 
He saw Elisa, who was working, and his frown deepened. “Who asked you to come to the office?” 
Elisa was slightly surprised. She raised her eyes and saw that Gareth had shut the door. He walked into the office while looking darkly at her. 
She was startled that Gareth would come over, but she said softly, “My wound is almost healed.” 
Gareth pursed his thin lips tightly. He didn’t want to say anything and walked toward her. 
Elisa was a little bewildered, but Gareth said in a low voice the next moment, “Take it off.” 
Elisa was perplexed. 
She looked at him, stupefied. “What do you mean?”
Gareth’s face was cold. He didn’t say anything, but he didn’t force her to do anything either because he was afraid he would hurt her wound. Meanwhile, Elisa came to her senses. He wanted to look at her injury. 
Elisa furrowed her brows tightly. What is Gareth doing with this hypocritical show of concern? 
At the next moment, she said in a low voice, “I said my wound has healed. I know my limits.” 
It seemed like the impatience in Gareth’s eyes increased, but he stayed standing by her side. The pressure from him made others particularly uncomfortable. 
There was sharpness on the man’s handsome face. At the next moment, he said in an ice-cold voice again, “I’m going to tell you again. Take it off. Unless you want me to take it off for you?” 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She didn’t want to utter another word or say anything to the man. 
But she didn’t want to continue wasting time like this with Gareth. She would show him if he wanted to look at it. What could he do to her? 
The next moment, she turned to the side, where her back was facing the man. She said indifferently, “Take a look for yourself.” 
Gareth was dumbfounded. 
He had said what he did to make her show him her wound. 
But he was at a loss at her sudden actions. 
At the next moment, he raised his hands and undid her zipper.
Elisa’s wound was right below her shoulder blade, so he had to pull the zipper down low. Her clothes fell off naturally and loosely. 
With one glance, Gareth saw that there was still a layer of gauze on the wound on her back. 
Elisa said calmly, “The gauze can be taken off. It doesn’t hurt anymore. It’s just a layer of protection.” 
Gareth’s brows furrowed. He was slightly uneasy at Elisa’s recklessness. Does she do the same if other men want to look at her injury? 
In an instant, his anger flared. He said coldly, “Do you do the same if other men want to look at your injury?” 
Elisa wrinkled her brows and said sarcastically, “Who is as nosy as you?” 
But as soon as she said it, she felt that what Gareth said was slightly strange. 
It was as though her subconscious reply improved Gareth’s mood. 
But… before he could remove the gauze on her back, the office door opened suddenly!
###chapter856
Chapter 856
“Elisa! You…!” 
Before the woman could express her rage, she suddenly stopped. 
Other employees behind the woman were flabbergasted. 
What… on earth… are they seeing? 
They saw Elisa sitting on her side at her desk. Gareth’s hand was on her smooth back, and her zip was pulled down. It revealed a bright, spotless, and beautiful back that was fair and perfect. 
When Elisa suddenly heard the noise, she immediately turned away from everyone. She faced them, but because her outfit was loose, she couldn’t help but hold on to it from the front so it wouldn’t fall. 
But… her bare shoulders were revealed. The white straps from her innerwear could be seen. 
Everyone had a complicated expression. 
Elisa’s brows furrowed as she looked coldly at them. Don’t they know to knock? But she couldn’t lose her temper now. 
Everyone standing at the door was startled. The employees had come to argue with Elisa because they weren’t used to how harsh she was. There was a slip-up in the data in one of Elisa’s departments. They had come over to pick a fight with her. 
But… 
No one imagined they would witness such a scene!
Did… they ruin Mr. Wickam’s shenanigans? 
They were so frightened that their legs turned weak, and no one dared to utter a single word. The female employees were both terrified and envious. 
As for the men… they were distracted and dazzled by Elisa’s gorgeous back. They forgot about everything else. 
The veins on Gareth’s forehead popped. He barked, “Get out!” 
In an instant, everyone came to their senses in fright. The woman who first entered the office didn’t care about anything else. She immediately closed the office door and detached herself from Gareth’s treacherous gaze. 
Everyone’s faces paled. They were stupefied from fright. 
No one had imagined that Gareth would be in Elisa’s office. Were they going to do the deed in broad daylight? 
In the blink of an eye, many panicked and were at a loss. 
They didn’t dare to stay any longer. The cold air from the office emanated, and they left weakly. 
“What… what should we do? We’re done for!” One of the female employees had a ghostly complexion. 
Everyone looked subconsciously at the woman who had been in the lead. 
That woman’s expression was slightly pale. “I never thought that Mr. Wickam would be there. If Elisa were alone, we would have succeeded!”
A male employee gritted his teeth. “I said we shouldn’t be so impulsive, but you called me a coward. It’s great. Mr. Wickam is going to get people to look at the security footage. When they find out that it’s us, we will be fired. Will you be satisfied then?” 
“You…!” The woman who had been in the lead had a nasty expression. “What should we do?! Do you think this is what I wanted? But you see, the sales department is in turmoil because of Elisa. The manager keeps saying that my proposal has problems. I will get fired if I don’t know how to fix it. My proposal is perfect, but he still wants me to make amendments. He even said that Elisa was in charge of it. Do you think I can accept it? Even if I don’t pick a fight with Elisa, I will get fired either way!” 
In an instant, everyone was silent. 
They only knew how to push the blame on Elisa. They didn’t realize that… their proposal was problematic. 
At that moment, there was a gloomy air in Elisa’s office.
###chapter857
Chapter 857
Elisa’s expression was nasty, while Gareth’s face was extremely cloudy. So many people had seen Elisa’s back. He was furious 
He quickly removed Elisa’s gauze and noticed that her wound was as she said it was. New flesh was growing, and it was scabbing. He put the gauze back and zipped her up. 
Elisa didn’t say anything and restrained her emotions. Those people that had appeared out of a sudden made her uncontrollably irritable. 
She took a breath and said coldly, “Right now, I suspect you’re not tough enough. The proposal that your subordinates came up with isn’t even worthy of being trash. They’re unhappy just because I criticized them, and they’re always trying to argue with me. There’s no use even if I mention you. Now that they saw the both of us like that, they won’t be able to control themselves, and they’ll say that I slept my way to the top.” 
Gareth’s expression darkened. He didn’t know why but his mood seemed to have improved a little when he heard what she said at the end. 
He said icily, “I will deal with this.” 
Elisa glanced at him coldly. She didn’t want to speak nonsense with him, so she sat in her seat and continued working. She treated Gareth like air. 
The office quietened in an instant. 
Gareth’s expression darkened. 
He was standing next to Elisa, but this woman ignored him entirely.
One might well ask. 
Who has the nerve to treat him like that? 
Many people had to walk on eggshells around him. Only this woman was different! 
Gareth closed his eyes as if controlling his emotions before he said indifferently, “Come and visit Grandma with me tonight.” 
Elisa frowned subconsciously. In the end, she didn’t say anything when she thought about what she had promised Gareth previously. Moreover, it had been quite some time since she last visited Grandma. 
Gareth knew that her silence was indirect agreement. He didn’t say anything and walked out. 
But… 
What Gareth didn’t know was… 
Once Elisa got off work, she didn’t wait for him. She drove to Wickam Manor herself. 
When Gareth arrived at Wickam Manor, he saw Grandma holding Elisa’s hand and laughing non-stop. Grandma looked like she was in a great mood. 
Gareth’s dark face seemed to have lightened a little. 
Julia glanced at him. “You’re here too.” 
That was her only greeting. Before Gareth could say anything, she continued chatting and laughing with Elisa. 
Gareth was dumbstruck. 
Somehow, he felt like he wasn’t Grandma’s biological grandson.
Elisa felt more like her biological granddaughter instead. 
It was as though he had taken Elisa’s place for so many years. 
Elisa sat at the side as she chatted with Grandma, and she didn’t look at Gareth at all. He looked for a seat and occasionally glanced at his cell phone or listened to them. 
Soon, the servants set up the table. 
But… 
Old Mr. Wickam was home today. 
Once the food was done, he would naturally come downstairs. When he saw Liz chatting with his wife, his expression darkened subconsciously. 
Even though Old Mr. Wickam didn’t say a word, Elisa could feel that he didn’t like her presence. 
He must not have wanted her to be implicated with Gareth because it would affect the relationship between Gareth and Nicole. 
But she was here today to visit Grandma. She didn’t plan on involving herself with Gareth.
###chapter858
Chapter 858
“Liz, why aren’t you eating? Eat up. You’re too skinny now.” 
Elisa smiled. “I’m eating, Grandma.” 
Julia looked at her with a distressed expression and said slightly exasperatedly, “You have to eat properly. Don’t skip meals to maintain your figure. You’ve lost weight recently! You have to eat more and gain weight!” 
Elisa immediately smiled and nodded. “Alright. I’ll eat more.” 
Actually… 
Elisa wasn’t skinny. She had a classic figure. 
But from Grandma’s point of view, Elisa was so skinny that it distressed her. 
They finished eating soon. Old Mr. Wickam didn’t say anything from the start until the end. But when everyone finished eating, he looked at Elisa and said in a low voice, “Ms. Benett, come to my study room later. I want to ask you something.” 
Old Mr. Wickam’s tone was harsh and bossy. What he said to Elisa was entirely an order. It wasn’t friendly at all. 
Furthermore, he had called Elisa ‘Ms. Benett’. 
It displayed his attitude toward her. 
Elisa had an indifferent expression and didn’t think much of it. But Julia looked coldly at Old Mr. Wickam before Elisa could say anything. “What do you want?”
It was evident that Julia was fiercely protective of Elisa. She didn’t want Elisa to get hurt at all. She didn’t trust her husband! 
Darren immediately wrinkled his brows and looked at Julia. “Am I going to eat her?” 
“Even if you don’t eat her whole, you’ll take a bite out of her. Don’t you think I know you well? Liz is busy. She has to keep me company, so she can’t go to your study room!” 
“You…!” Old Mr. Wickam’s blood almost boiled. He looked at Julia furiously. “I want to talk to her about company affairs!” 
“I don’t care! You’re talking nonsense!” Julia defended Elisa bossily. She didn’t want Darren and Elisa to interact at all. 
Darren gritted his teeth, and his gaze fell on Elisa. It was clear that he wanted her to say something to Julia. 
But Elisa ignored Darren’s gaze. Instead, she said indifferently, “Grandpa, if you have any worries about work affairs, you can discuss it with Gareth. Right now, I obey Gareth and only work with him. I don’t have much to say if he agrees. If he disagrees, I won’t listen to you.” 
There was an indication of the coldness melting in Gareth’s eyes. 
Darren was angry that Julia had contradicted him, but he had to yield to her because she was his wife. But now, Elisa didn’t care that he was her elder. She said such things to him in front of the servants. Where is he going to hide his old face? 
At the next moment, he immediately said furiously, “I’m the chairman of Wickam Group! Even Gareth has to obey my orders. You’re working at Wickam Group now. Shouldn’t you listen to my instructions?!” 
His voice was enraged, colder, and more forceful than before.
But Elisa didn’t think much of it. She wasn’t worried and said calmly, “I didn’t want to work on this project with Wickam Group at first. If you don’t want this project, you can terminate it anytime. After all, you’re the chairman.” 
“You…!” Old Mr. Wickam was speechless after hearing what Elisa said. 
Elisa had a calm expression and didn’t want to say anything else. It wasn’t because she didn’t have respect for her elders. It was because some people didn’t deserve respect.
###chapter859
Chapter 859
Furthermore, if she persuaded Grandma to let her go with Old Mr. Wickam to his study room, Grandma would still protect her. Grandma might even get into an argument with Grandpa. If Elisa went up against Grandpa, it wouldn’t affect the relationship between Grandpa and Grandma when Grandpa took his anger out on Elisa. 
Gareth’s mood seemed to have lifted. Elisa’s sharp tongue had always been directed at him in the past. He felt that there was finally someone to share his burden with now that Elisa had gone up against Grandpa. 
Old Mr. Wickam gritted his teeth, but at the next moment, his gaze fell on Gareth. It was subtly displeased, as though he was saying to Gareth, ‘Is this the woman you picked? The woman you have to protect?’ 
Gareth looked back at Old Mr. Wickam, and his gaze seemed to say, ‘Isn’t this the woman you took a fancy to?’ 
Old Mr. Wickam was speechless. 
In an instant, he turned away and didn’t want to utter a word. 
Back then, Elisa was Nelson’s daughter and the earnest, wealthy young daughter of Benett Corporation. Wickam Group had to work with Benett Corporation, so that marriage of convenience was unavoidable. 
If he had known that Nelson would die so soon, he would never have let Elisa join the Wickam family. 
Gareth’s lips twitched, and he looked at Darren indifferently. “Ignore what happens to Elisa in the future. She’s my woman. I will protect her.”
Julia instantly looked at Gareth admiringly. Her eyes were filled with surprise! 
Her grandson finally knew how to protect the person he liked! 
Elisa’s brows immediately furrowed tightly. She looked at Gareth, but before she could say anything, Old Mr. Wickam cried out in his fury, “How shameful! The two of you have divorced, and she has many men by her side now. Who do you think you are? You had better hurry up and marry Nicole!” 
Elisa suddenly didn’t say a word but resented what Gareth had said. After they divorced, she never said she wanted to be his woman. 
She knew Gareth had his benefits at heart and thought she was suitable. She had made it known that she wouldn’t be with him. 
She would’ve been unbelievably touched if he had said it when they were married. She might have even cried, but now… she thought it was funny. The man was so hypocritical that he would compromise himself just for profit. 
Heh… 
That’s right. It was a compromise for Gareth. Doesn’t he hate her? 
It turned out that Gareth and Will were the same. They were the type of people to betray themselves for profit. 
She was divorced, but Will said he didn’t care and continued to pursue her. 
With Gareth, he had misjudged her and her father because he thought they were about to make a move against him. Gareth had revolted the three years they were married and even wanted her to perish. But now, he was willing to push his hatred aside for profit? 
Heh…
She admired the man’s tolerance. 
At that moment, Elisa’s eyes were filled with ridicule. When he turned, Gareth saw what she felt, and his face suddenly fell. 
He knew she didn’t believe a word. 
But it was fine. 
Elisa would be his woman sooner or later. He didn’t mind wasting time with her. 
When Old Mr. Wickam saw the eye contact between the two, he was incensed! 
He slammed the table furiously abruptly, but before he could say anything, Julia immediately snarled, “What are you doing? You frightened me!” 
Darren’s expression changed slightly. He instantly forgot his rage and looked at Julia at once. He explained worriedly, “I forgot that your heart hasn’t been feeling too well lately. Are you okay? Did your heart skip a beat? I was just very agitated at that moment.”
###chapter860
Chapter 860
Julia’s face was cold, and she didn’t look at him 
Elisa and Gareth glanced at Julia at the same time. Elisa asked, “What happened?” 
Elisa held Julia’s wrist and inadvertently placed her fingers on Julia’s pulse. 
Julia patted the back of Elisa’s hand, and her rage dissipated. She looked at Elisa lovingly. “I’m fine. You don’t have to worry.” 
In the end, Elisa nodded, and her grip loosened, but she didn’t let go of Julia’s hand. She smiled and said, “Alright. That’s good.” 
Gareth looked at Julia. “Why is your heart feeling uncomfortable? Are you not sleeping well?” 
Julia glanced crossly at Darren at the side, who had already cooled down. She said in an annoyed manner, “It’s because your Grandpa infuriates me!” 
Darren felt wronged at once, but he stared blankly and didn’t dare to retort. 
At that moment, he was utterly different from his forceful self. 
Elisa was slightly amused but didn’t say anything. Otherwise, Old Mr. Wickam would lose his temper. 
Gareth’s gaze fell on Darren. “Were you being stubborn? Did this annoy Grandma?” 
Darren immediately frowned uneasily. “No!” 
He hadn’t corrected what his wife had said, but he couldn’t ignore Gareth’s questions.
Gareth furrowed his brows and looked at him coldly. “You’re only digging your grave by being too stubborn.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything else. 
But Elisa’s gaze fell on Gareth. Is Gareth worthy of saying such words? 
He was also very stubborn. 
The same blood ran in the Wickam family. 
But Gareth’s dad wasn’t like Old Mr. Wickam. 
After that, Old Mr. Wickam looked at them coldly. “Get lost! Don’t stay around and be a bother!” 
Since Old Mr. Wickam was home, Elisa didn’t plan on staying long. She looked at Julia and smiled. “Grandma, it’s getting late. I’m going to go.” 
Julia nodded and smiled. “Alright. You can go. Come again when you’re free.” 
Elisa smiled and nodded. “Okay.” 
She had driven over and planned to go home with her car, but Julia didn’t let her. Julia insisted on someone sending her back. 
In the end, Julia was only relieved when Gareth decided to drive Elisa’s car and send her home. 
Elisa was exasperated and slightly restless, but Gareth ignored her and drove. 
After a moment, Gareth’s gaze fell on Elisa. “What I said at the dining table just now.” 
He paused.
Elisa was slightly surprised. What did he say? 
It must have been when he said she was his woman and would protect her. 
Elisa turned to look at him indifferently, and her expression was calm. “You don’t have to explain because I didn’t take it seriously. I know you only said it to make Grandma happy.” 
Gareth furrowed his brows and said in a low voice, “You’re not me. How would you know what I meant?” 
Elisa’s lips twitched. “You previously warned me not to be deluded.” 
Gareth was dumbfounded. 
It was the consequences of his actions. 
His thin lips pursed tightly, and he had a chilly expression, but he suddenly kept quiet. 
Elisa sat in the passenger seat and shut her eyes. She didn’t want to say anything else to Gareth. Meanwhile, Gareth’s expression was cold, and he kept driving, but the sudden ringing of a cell phone broke the silence in the car. 
Elisa didn’t move because it wasn’t her cell phone. 
Gareth took out his cell phone and answered the call.
###chapter861
Chapter 861
“Mr. Wickam, something happened!” Thomas’ voice was completely different from his usual calmness. 
Elisa’s brows twitched slightly. She held her breath subconsciously and paid rapt attention. 
“What happened?” Gareth’s magnetic voice was steady. 
It was as though Thomas calmed down slightly, but he couldn’t restrain his panic. He immediately said, “Our company’s confidential information has been breached!” 
Gareth’s expression instantly turned ice-cold. He said at once, “Investigate. Get people to switch to the second program right away.” 
“They’re doing it now, but I think the hacker has completely breached the first program.” 
Gareth’s expression was icy, and he didn’t say anything. 
They had driven out from Wickam Manor and were about to turn a corner. The left was the way to the office, while the right was Elisa’s house. 
He turned left. 
Elisa didn’t say anything. Wickam Group was in trouble, so she obviously couldn’t make a fuss and ask to go home. Furthermore, they only had one car between the two of them. 
Not long after, they reached the office. 
Gareth led Elisa to the IT department. 
The IT department had set up the new program and was defending the company against attacks.
At that moment, Thomas was also there. When the IT department saw Gareth arrive, they became more nervous, but they didn’t dare to stop what they were doing. 
Thomas walked to Gareth’s side and told him exactly what had happened. 
“We were suddenly attacked. It seems like the hacker came prepared, and they did their research. From the current situation, it seems like there’s a mole in the company.” 
Gareth’s gaze instantly turned sharp. Everyone in the IT department was in a frenzy. 
A mole. 
That was what they surmised. The IT department defended the company and knew about the classified information. They were the most likely to betray the company and steal information. 
The IT department was terrified at that moment. They weren’t the rat, but they had a guilty conscience for some reason. They were afraid that their boss would suspect them. 
However… 
They weren’t the only ones thinking about it. Elisa was thinking about it too. 
Elisa’s brows furrowed. Gareth knew she had previously cracked the company’s classified information, but what about the rest? 
If there were a rat, she would likely be one of the suspects. 
The hacker who breached Wickam Group’s defenses must be very skillful. They might even blame her. 
Although Elisa’s skills were among the best in the world, she didn’t feel she was at the top. There was always going to be someone better out there.
Furthermore, the mole might want to steal more confidential information from Wickam Group. They might push the blame onto Elisa so that they could stick around. 
Elisa stood at one side and didn’t say a word. She felt that she should avoid arousing suspicion, so she didn’t intervene to help. 
It was just that… 
Before she could think about it, Gareth turned to look at her. “Come and help.” 
Elisa’s brows twitched slightly. Did he think that she didn’t know how to do it? Or was he trying to feel her out through this? 
After a moment’s hesitation, Elisa went over. When the IT department saw Gareth asking Elisa to come over, they were all slightly stunned. 
Gareth walked to an employee who immediately stepped aside. 
Elisa walked to Gareth’s side, while the employee by Gareth’s side didn’t intend to move away. Instead, he stared at the computer in front of Gareth. He wanted to see how Gareth would deal with it. 
But… he didn’t see what Gareth was doing and felt a peculiar gaze instead. Gareth turned, and their eyes met.
###chapter862
Chapter 862
The employee was frightened, and his expression paled. What does Mr. Wickam’s gaze mean? Does Mr. Wickam suspect him? 
It’s not fair! 
But… 
Before he could say anything, Thomas walked over and said to the employee, “Give your seat to Ms. Benett.” 
The employee’s body reacted more quickly than his mind. He got up at once, but… he was still startled. Why does he have to step aside? 
What is the point of Elisa sitting in front of the computer? 
The rest of the IT department had the same thought. They looked at Elisa, only to see Elisa’s hands banging away on the keyboard. 
They looked up subconsciously at the series of white codes on the screen before Elisa, and everyone was stunned. 
Everyone in the office was an expert and had the finest skills. 
But now, some people were slightly baffled as they looked at Elisa’s code. Some felt that their life was meaningless. They didn’t understand how Elisa could be so fast. What was in her mind? How could her mind do such a fantastic feat? 
The person before their eyes was freaking Elisa.
Although everyone knew that she was outstanding, each technical profession had its specialization. Wasn’t Elisa a lawyer? How did she have IT skills? And she was doing things even they didn’t know! 
Everyone seemed to have forgotten that the company’s confidential information had been stolen. Instead, everyone looked at Elisa’s work with astonished expressions. She was amazing! 
They were utterly captivated by Elisa. 
She sat in front of the computer. Her expression looked remarkably calm as her fine and delicate hands tapped away at the keyboard. She didn’t say anything to Gareth, but the two were exceptionally well coordinated. After a moment, they came up with a program. They were mighty when they worked together. 
Everyone was astounded. Are Gareth and Elisa done? 
Upon seeing Elisa get up and leave her seat without intending to sit down again, everyone’s gaze fell on Gareth unconsciously, only to see him get up as well. Everyone was baffled. 
What is going on? 
Right now, they felt Elisa and Gareth’s skills were utterly different from theirs. 
Why don’t they understand…? 
Why is something slightly strange? 
They must have discussed it beforehand, right? Otherwise, how can they be so well coordinated and write the code in one go? There were no problems when they worked together. What kind of skills must they have to do such things? 
Everyone knew Mr. Wickam’s skills, and no one doubted him. As for Elisa…
There was a change in how they looked at her. They stared at her and felt like something was strange. 
The last time… 
Who breached the company’s confidential information but stopped at the twentieth level? 
It seemed like everyone had a rough idea. 
They looked at each other. Even though no one said anything, they felt everyone thought the same. 
Back then, when the company’s classified information had been breached, they were very anxious and wanted to defend the company. However, the hacker cracked level after level. They couldn’t stop the hacker at all. When Mr. Wickam found out about it, he asked everyone to defend the company with all their might, but shortly after, he told them to stop and ignore it. 
What did he mean by that? 
It meant that he obviously knew and trusted the hacker. 
And now, Elisa…
###chapter863
Chapter 863
Chapter 863 This Isn’t the Way Home 
Everyone had a complicated gaze, and no one said anything. Regardless if it was Elisa or Black-Eyed Susan, no one had the nerve to say anything. 
Otherwise. Mr. Wickam might unleash his fury on them. 
Gareth and Elisa didn’t have an ordinary relationship. Even if they had a divorce, they were still entangled with each other. To them, it felt like… Elisa would return to Gareth’s side anytime. When the time came, she would be their boss as well. 
Of course, they were already treating her like their boss. 
Just as everyone was thinking about it. Gareth looked indifferently at everyone. “Continue defending our information. If there are any problems, report at once.” 
Everyone responded at once. Gareth glanced at Elisa and didn’t say anything before walking out. 
Elisa naturally didn’t stay back. She followed him. 
They had been writing code for three hours. 
The IT department wasn’t bored when they waited. They had watched with keen interest instead. Even if they didn’t understand, they had to work hard and learn. 
When they left. Gareth still wanted to get into Elisa’s car. 
Elisa looked at him. “Why don’t you get another car?” 
Gareth said calmly, “I’ll send you back first.”
Elisa wrinkled her brows. “I can go home myself.” 
Although the two had been very well coordinated just now. Elisa didn’t want to have any other interactions with him. 
Those in the IT department would have never dreamed that Gareth and Elisa had never discussed or communicated beforehand while writing the new program. It was entirely… the rapport between them. 
Perhaps it was a rapport between intelligent people. 
Gareth didn’t say anything. He opened the car door and got into the driver’s seat. 
He had taken the car keys with him when he got out of the car. It was to prevent Elisa from leaving alone. 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly and didn’t say anything. In the end. she walked to sit in the passenger seat. 
At times, it wasn’t that Elisa didn’t want to compromise. She felt like she could get rid of Gareth by not giving in. If they continued arguing. Elisa didn’t have as much strength as he did. She couldn’t beat him. Elisa felt there was no need to quarrel because it wasn’t worthwhile. 
After Elisa got into the car. she wanted to close her eyes. 
Wickam Group’s confidential information had been stolen out of the blue. This wasn’t good. It meant that Wickam Group had a powerful opponent. 
Elise wrinkled her brows. “I cen go home myself.” 
Although the two hed been very well coordineted just now. Elise didn’t went to heve eny other interactions with him.
Those in the IT depertment would heve never dreemed thet Geretli end Elise hed never discussed or communiceted beforehend while writing the new progrem. It wes entirely… the repport between them. 
Perheps it wes e repport between intelligent people. 
Gereth didn’t sey enything. He opened the cer door end got into the driver’s seet. 
He hed teken the cer keys with him when he got out of the cer. It wes to prevent Elise from leeving clone. 
Elise furrowed her brows slightly end didn’t sey enything. In the end. she welked to sit in the pessenger seet. 
At times, it wesn’t thet Elise didn’t went to compromise. She felt like she could get rid of Gereth by not giving in. If they continued erguing. Elise didn’t heve es much strength es he did. She couldn’t beet him. Elise felt there wes no need to querrel beceuse it wesn’t worthwhile. 
After Elise got into the cer. she wented to close her eyes. 
Wickem Group’s confidentiel informetion hed been stolen out of the blue. This wesn’t good. It meent thet Wickem Group hed e powerful opponent. 
But no one could be sure what this person wanted to do behind the scenes. The other information was under a new and more robust program created by Elisa and Gareth. If the other party tried to crack it. they needed Gareth and Elisa’s minds. They also had to anticipate strong, interchangeable, consolidated passcodes. Even if the other party could breach it. they would need time. At the same time. Elisa and Gareth could write a new program and replace it. 
Elisa came to her senses and opened her eyes. She realized that Gareth had taken a different way and chosen the furthest right lane. She frowned. This isn’t the way home.
She tinned to look at him. “Where are you going?” 
“Let’s eat first.” Gareth’s voice was very light, but traces of gentleness were intertwined upon further inspection. 
Elisa’s brows wrinkled slightly. “Eating at such a late hour? It’s unhealthy.” 
“You must be hungry after working so hard.” 
As he spoke, he stopped the car by the roadside. He tinned to look at her. “Are you going to get out of the car?” 
Elisa pursed her lips. She didn’t want to move, but she opened the car door. 
Gareth held the car keys and followed her.
###chapter864
Chapter 864
Chapter 864 Amusing and Ironic 
Everyone in the restaurant looked over when the two appeared. Some took out their cell phones. Everyone was surprised. 
They were astonished that they could see Gareth and Elisa here! 
How lucky! 
The two often appeared on screen and seemed to be very loving. This made many think Gareth and Elisa were a splendid couple. Even if they had divorced, everyone still hoped for them to be together. 
The seivers were also amazed when they saw the two and rushed over to serve them. 
Gareth and Elisa sat down at random. They didn’t ask for a private room. 
The two sat across from each other. The server brought the two a menu, but Gareth knew that Elisa didn’t know what to order, so he picked on her behalf. The server felt like she was listening to music. Mi*. Wickam’s voice is magnetic and sounds heavenly! 
Elisa pursed her lips. Three of the four items that Gareth ordered were light up her alley. Is Gareth taking the trouble because he wants to work with her and remarry her? 
She felt that it was amusing and ironic. 
Gareth didn’t know that what he tried hard to change was what Elisa resisted and found offensive. 
The server served their food shortly. Gareth looked at her. and his voice was indifferent. “Stay at home and rest from tomorrow onwards. You don’t have to come to the office.” 
Elisa raised her eyes subconsciously and looked at him. “I don’t have to go to the office?”
Is he suspecting her of the breach this time? 
But at the next moment. Elisa felt like something wasn’t right. He wouldn’t have written the program with her if he suspected her. If he wanted to change the program, all she had to do was verify the program before she cracked the company’s confidential information. 
After a pause, she said calmly, “You saw my wound for yourself. It doesn’t affect me.” 
Gareth furrowed his brows. He clearly had a displeased gaze as he looked at her. 
But Elisa didn’t feel like anything was wrong. She continued serenely. “It won’t do if the project between Wickam Group and Benett Corporation is delayed. Furthermore, I want to be done with it soon. Benett Corporation is waiting for me.” 
There was a deeper meaning to her last sentence. 
She has to work in Benett Corporation. 
She must take care of Benett Corporation. 
Benett Corporation will be hers sooner or later. 
Gareth’s displeased gaze returned to normal. “I can take care of Benett Corporation for you.” 
“I don’t need you to do that.” 
She didn’t want to rely on others to succeed. She needed to work hard on her own to slowly rise in reputation and rank in the company. She wanted everyone to willingly acknowledge her rise to the top. 
She didn’t want her dad’s company to be mined by Norman and his family, nor did she want everyone to feel like Nelson’s daughter was incapable.
She wanted to be her dad’s pride, not drag down her dad’s reputation. 
Gareth knew- how strong-minded she wras. and he also knew her thoughts. In the end. he didn’t say anything. 
At that moment, many people were looking at them. Those in the same row as them wrere delighted. They could see Gareth’s cold side profile and Elisa’s beautiful face. Her long hair was tucked behind her ear. and the perfect arc of her side profile was in frill display. Many wanted to use her face as a mold for plastic surgery. 
The two ate quietly but didn’t eat much. Gareth got up when Elisa put down her cutlery. 
Elisa picked up her bag and followed him. 
The seivers sent them off attentively. 
The two hadn’t noticed that the restaurant was suddenly filled because of them. Those wdio had finished eating ordered more food so they could stay longer.
###chapter865
Chapter 865
Chapter 865 A Wild Imagination 
No one wanted to miss the opportunity to interact with Gareth and Elisa. 
The two returned to the car shortly. On the way. no one spoke. When they arrived at Elisa’s house. Gareth didn’t leave. He followed Elisa into the house instead. 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. “Do you want water?’ 
In other words, she wanted him to leave after drinking water. 
Gareth said calmly, “You must take me in for the night.” 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
How can he be so shameless in the face of profit? 
It was out of character for him. 
But… 
Before she could say anything. Gareth ignored her and went upstairs. 
He chose the bedroom next to Elisa’s. 
Elisa was stupefied. 
There was an indescribable restlessness in her heart. She wanted to get rid of Gareth, but the man was too shameless. She didn’t have any other way. She took a deep breath and went to her room in the end. She showered and went to sleep.
Wlien Elisa woke up in the morning, she noticed breakfast on the dining table. Gareth was sitting on the couch downstairs and reading the newspaper. 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly but didn’t say a word. 
She walked to the dining table, and Gareth put the newspaper down when he saw her approaching. 
They washed their hands and started eating breakfast. 
The two were divorced, but there was now an indescribable and convoluted air… 
Elisa resisted such a feeling. 
After eating, the two didn’t talk and went to work together. 
They arrived together in Elisa’s car. Everyone in the company couldn’t help but talk about it fervently… 
Elisa’s clothes were oft’ in the office yesterday, and they arrived together today. Was Mr. Wickam dissatisfied in the office, so he went to Elisa’s house at night? 
Pfft. 
That’s something to consider. 
Everyone in the company discussed it earnestly. 
Three days. 
In just three days, the waves at the company changed entirely. 
There was a lot of buzz in the company about Wickam Group’s stolen confidential information. Some started to spread rumors.
The media caught wind of the course of events. No one knew if Linda had deliberately arranged it or if someone intentionally looked for Linda. 
Wlien she left the office, she was suddenly swarmed by the media. 
They surrounded Linda one by one. 
Linda was about to go to the underground parking, but she was dumbfounded at being flocked by so many people. 
The media had microphones in their hands, and some even had video cameras on their shoulders. They pointed it at Linda as they interviewed her. 
“Ms. Linda, is it convenient for us to interview you?’ 
Linda wrinkled her brows slightly, but she maintained her composure. “I’m sorry. I’m rushing for time. I have something to do.” 
“Ms. Linda, we won’t take up too much of your time. We just want to ask you a few simple questions.” 
Upon seeing that she had no way out because of the mob around her. she could only say. “I don’t have much time. I hope to only answer a few questions.” 
The media didn’t waste any more time. A woman asked Linda while pointing a microphone at her. “Ms. Linda, is your cousin an IT expert?” 
Linda was instantly flabbergasted. “Liz? She’s pretty good, but she’s not an expert. I don’t know.” 
“Then may I ask if your cousin knows coding and programming?”
Linda was once again perplexed. There was vigilance in her eyes as she looked around. “Why are you asking about this?” 
Avoiding the question was more telling than responding to it. It made everyone’s imagination run wild.
###chapter866
Chapter 866
Chapter 866 Keeping the Wealth Within the Family 
Someone said. “From your response. Ms. Linda. I think Ms. Elisa knows about coding and programming, am I right? And she has great skills.” 
Linda immediately said. “I don’t know what you’re talking about. My cousin doesn’t know anything like that. She’s good with computers, but I’m only referring to simple things. She doesn’t know anything else. I don’t know what happened, but please don’t involve Liz in anything bad.” 
Linda seemed like a good cousin who protected Elisa and didn’t want to tell the media anything. 
But her answers indirectly told them that Elisa had excellent skills and was an outstanding hacker! 
After getting such an answer, the media stopped hounding Linda. They understood her expressions. At times, such ambiguous reactions spoke volumes. 
The media asked Linda a few more questions that seemed to trap Linda, but she had her guard up. She told them even more by gritting her teeth and refusing to answer. 
When the media left. Linda went home. 
The media had surrounded her as she left work. After she drove home, she was livid. 
Norman was at home. When he saw his daughter, he wrinkled his brows slightly. “What happened to you?” 
Linda had a nasty expression. She looked at Norman. “Dad. do you know how miserable it feels to be deceived?”
Rose came out with food. She heard what Linda had said and looked at Linda in a baffled manner after she put the food down. “What are you saying?’ 
Linda sneered. She looked at Norman with ridicule. “Did you think you could be free of worries after getting Wickam Group’s confidential information? You contacted The Three Musketeers and asked them to breach Wickam Group’s defenses. Even if you fail, they will keep it secret. That’s what you thought back then, am I right?” 
Norman’s expression changed suddenly. He looked at Linda. “Why are you bringing this up all of a sudden?” 
“Because you’re stupid!” 
At that moment. Linda couldn’t control herself. She was incensed. 
Rose’s expression immediately fell. “He’s your father. How can you speak to him in such a way?!” 
Norman’s expression sank as well, but he couldn’t bear to say anytliing since she was his daughter. 
Linda asked. “Do you know who is Black-Eyed Susan?” 
Upon seeing Norman’s expression freeze, she couldn’t help but sneer. She felt that her family was full of idiots. At the next moment, she gritted her teeth. “You’re not the only idiot. We’re a family of morons! We’re unbelievably dumb! Otherwise, how could that wench have fooled us!” 
Rose and Norman clearly felt that something wasn’t right. Rose said in a low voice. “What on earth happened? Tell us!” 
Linda laughed aloud, and her eyes were filled with unspoken disdain. “Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan. Haha! You gave your niece two billion! You really kept the wealth within the family!”
Linda spoke in a higher octave at the end and had a taunting expression. 
Rose and Norman’s expressions changed at the same time. “How is it possible?!” 
They would have lived in vain if they still hadn’t realized anytliing wrong! 
Elisa? 
How can it be Elisa?! 
“Tell us, what on earth happened?” Norman urged Linda when he saw her silent.
###chapter867
Chapter 867
Chapter 867 Filled With Jealousy 
Linda sneered. “The mystery person called me again and asked me to play along with the media. She revealed that Wickam Group’s confidential information had been stolen recently, and everyone says there’s a mole. The mystery person asked me to cast suspicion on Elisa.” 
“So. what does this have to do with Elisa tricking me out of two billion?” 
“Because Elisa’s hacking skills are on par with Gareth’s! The IT department of Wickam Group suspects that Elisa was the expert who breached twenty levels of their classified information the other day! When she was a few levels in. Gareth told them to stop defending and ignore the breach!” 
Linda rambled in her fury. 
Norman had a nasty expression. 
“No. this is impossible…” 
Linda sneered. “Nothing is impossible!” 
Her parents looked at her. Although they didn’t believe her. the situation wasn’t as simple as they thought. 
Rose asked again. “What did you say in the interview today?” 
Linda was in a foul mood, and she spoke harshly. “Of course. I let everyone suspect her. so she has nowhere to stand. What else can I do?” 
Rose frowned and didn’t say anything.
Norman had a nasty expression. He was filled with rage when he thought about what had happened and how he had been deceived. He still couldn’t forget it. 
After he became the company’s chairman, he did some harmful tilings. Someone might have held a grudge, so he had never imagined that it was Elisa. 
Of course, he didn’t think that Elisa had such an ability. 
But now… 
After what Linda said, he felt that it was possible. Elisa had started to change her attitude and had her doubts about them. She began by opposing Linda and then the rest of the family. 
Then… 
She could be Black-Eyed Susan. 
In an instant. Norman didn’t know how to deal with the matter. 
His expression was particularly nasty, and he didn’t say anything. There was a boundless chill in his eyes. “Are you sure it’s really Elisa?” 
“Why wouldn’t I be sure?! Gareth would know full well if she was the hacker. Back then, the IT department in Gareth’s company dealt with it initially but stopped abruptly. They allowed Elisa to breach their defenses. Didn’t you tliink she was exceptionally fast back then?” 
“I…” Norman gritted his teeth. “Back then. I thought Black-Eyed Susan was skillful, so I didn’t think much about it. I thought it was her usual standard.” 
Linda suddenly sneered. “If the mystery person isn’t sure that Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan, do you tliink she would come up with such a scheme? Would the mystery person want Gareth to suspect Elisa if he
didn’t know Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan?” 
Norman suddenly didn’t say anything, and Linda was filled with jealousy. “That wench! How is she so knowledgeable!” 
They had grown up together, but she knew nothing about Elisa.
###chapter868
Chapter 868
Chapter 868 Ungrateful 
Heh… Linda always thought she knew and understood Elisa well. Still, she never imagined Elisa to be so outstanding. 
Elisa’s various identities worried them. She could even make them frantic by tricking them. Elisa was amazing. 
“Elisa!” Norman called out her name furiously. 
Rose, who was at one side. said. “If it’s really Elisa, are we going to stand around and do nothing?” 
“No!” Linda gritted her teeth. “Why should we? Elisa tricked us. How can we let her go so easily? Now I know I can’t rush into things because it will only help that wench get away with her schemes. Let’s wait for the mystery person’s arrangements. It’s been good so far. We can try it out. and if there are problems, we can discuss it later.” 
Rose and Norman didn’t utter a word. They knew Linda wasn’t a fool, and as an adult, she could judge. Their main goal now was to bring Elisa down. Otherwise, if she continued being so powerfill, she would snatch Benett Corporation from them sooner or later! 
They couldn’t go on like that! 
Twitter was in a frenzy. 
The video of Linda’s interview was released. Her ambiguity and insincere defense of Elisa was apparent to many that Elisa was Black-Eyed Susan. 
XX: ‘D*mn! Liz is actually Black-Eyed Susan! Oh my god!’
XX: ‘Wow! I knew she wasn’t as nice as she seemed. She’s Black-Eyed Susan? Perhaps she had something to do with Wickam Group’s classified information. Haha. Wickam Group found themselves with an ungrateful wolf. This is a lesson for everyone. No matter how nicely you treat a wolf, they’re a predator at the end of the day. Old Mrs. Wickam treats Elisa and loves her like her biological granddaughter, but what good did Elisa do? She took Old Mrs. Wickam’s kindness for granted.’ 
—XX: ‘Can you speak properly? Did your parents not teach you any manners? Were they too busy at work because your family is too poor? I can teach you some maimers for free if you need it!’ 
XXX: ‘Who are you talking about? What I’m saying is the truth. Why? Is it hard to hear? How is Elisa good enough for you to defend her? She’s a woman with strong ambition and a chaotic life. How is she worthy of your admiration? How toxic.’ 
XX: ‘Oh? You can’t stand being attacked? You must not have been educated either. It must be the only reason you have such filthy and despicable thoughts!’ 
XXXX: ‘Alright, stop arguing. We have to look at the intent of the video. We should talk about the validity of the video and the purpose of revealing the video. What’s the point of arguing senselessly?’ 
XX: ‘I didn’t want to argue, but that person insulted my hero. They’re spouting nonsense everywhere before the truth is revealed. With my violent temper, how can I ignore them?’ 
XXX: ‘You can just ignore me! You’re just a brainless fan. How is she worth listening to? The video is clear. Elisa is a rat and had ulterior motives when she went to work in Wickam Group. It’s to get close to Gareth and steal Wickam Group’s classified information!’
###chapter869
Chapter 869
Chapter 869 Would He Never Forget It for the Rest of His Life? 
— XX: ‘How can Elisa be such a person… I liked her, but she went so far as to do such a thing. I’m going to cry… I’m so upset. How can my hero do such a thing? You truly can’t judge a book by its cover. Have I been deceived by her good looks?’ 
Tweets came one after another. Most said that Elisa had something to do with the hacker, and they taunted her. They said she was evil and ungrateful and that she had gone overboard. They even said that no one should sympathize with her. 
Some were defending Elisa, but they were eventually suppressed by Internet trolls and haters. 
Rachel and Elisa’s others friends naturally found out about it, and they sent messages to their group chat. 
— Rachel: ‘@Elisa Liz, what on earth happened? What happened in Wickam Group?’ 
— Elisa: ‘It’s alright. You don’t have to worry.’ 
— Rachel: ‘How can we not worry? Everyone is cursing you. What happened exactly?’ 
— Sheena: ‘Liz, how long more until your project ends? Quickly leave Wickam Group. Otherwise, you will be dragged into the mud again and again.’ 
— Carle: ‘Let me hire some Internet trolls of my own.’ 
— Elisa: ‘@Carle, there’s no need for that. It’s not worth it.’ 
— Sheena: ‘Do it! These people are too much! Go up against them!’ 
— Elisa: ‘The more you go up against them, the more discussions it will generate.’
— Rachel: ‘Are you really Black-Eyed Susan…’ 
When Elisa saw the message, she hesitated for a moment before slowly sending them an emoticon. 
It was just a usual emoticon, but… she was silently admitting it. 
At that moment, the group chat quietened down. 
But at the next moment, Rachel couldn’t hold it in. 
She kept sending question marks and exclamation marks. 
Soon, the group chat was filled with the two punctuation marks from Rachel. 
— Elisa: ‘…’ 
— Rachel: ‘What? Why? Are you really Black-Eyed Susan? Oh my god! What else do you know, Liz? Why don’t you tell us everything at once?’ 
— Sheena: ‘Why am I not more surprised?’ 
— Carle: ‘…’ 
At that moment, Carle had complicated feelings. He had never imagined that Liz had anything to do with Black-Eyed Susan. 
He paused before he sent another message. 
— Carle: ‘No wonder my friends and family say I have good luck. Black-Eyed Susan will always help me whenever I look for her, and she has never asked me for much money. Back then, I thought she happened to have the time. As it turns out…’
— Rachel: ‘…’ 
— Sheena: ‘…’ 
— Rachel: ‘I’m unhappy! Why didn’t you tell us? Oh my god. Liz! Is Black-Eyed Susan! This will look great for me if it spreads! Black-Eyed Susan is one of my best friends!’ 
— Elisa: ‘I didn’t deliberately hide it from you. It’s just that I’ve offended too many people. If they found out my identity, you might have also suffered.’ 
— Rachel: ‘Do you think I’m afraid? They can come and lay a finger on me if they dare to do so!’ 
— Elisa: ‘I’m sorry…’ 
— Carle: ‘Liz, don’t say that. We know you must have had your difficulties. You did it for our sake.’ 
Elisa sent a picture expressing her gratitude and didn’t say anything else. 
Sheena looked at what Carle had said, and she had perplexed feelings. Actually, no matter what, Carle was most protective of Liz. Can he… ever forget Liz?
###chapter870
Chapter 870
Chapter 870 Changing of Sides 
Sheena’s tears fell unconsciously. 
But the next moment, she blew her nose and stopped her tears before she continued typing. 
… 
In the study room of Wickam Manor, Old Mrs. Wickam had a particularly nasty expression. “I don’t believe it! There’s no way Liz is Black-Eyed Susan! She would never do such a thing to Wickam Group!’ 
Darren sneered at once. He looked at Julia and said in a low voice, “This is the obedient granddaughter you’ve been protecting. Look at how she’s gone overboard. She’s so ungrateful and unappreciative! What’s the point of treating her so well? Take a look at Twitter and see what people have been saying!” 
Julia’s expression turned nastier in an instant. “Get lost! Liz and I are good to each other! If it wasn’t for her, I would still be in pain and might have died earlier. No one knows how to take care of me. All you do is infuriate me! Without Liz, I would have passed away earlier!” 
Gareth was dumbfounded. 
Darren was furious. He opened his mouth to say something, but he was stunned and couldn’t say anything. 
Monica glanced at Julia and said slightly exasperatedly, “Mom, are you still defending Elisa at such a stage? If it weren’t for her, Wickam Group wouldn’t be in such turmoil.” 
She looked at her son unpleasantly and continued, “You shouldn’t have been enticed by Elisa back then to sign the contract! Wickam Group has more than enough money. Do we really need the project
with Elisa? I don’t see what’s good about the project.” 
Jerry immediately looked at Monica. “Don’t interfere in company matters.” 
Jerry wasn’t chauvinistic. It was because his wife was going overboard. 
He had married her back then to obey his father’s arrangements. Their families were well-matched. He had never abandoned or cheated on her in all the years they were married. However, he didn’t love her. 
Monica looked at Jerry angrily. “Am I wrong? If not for Elisa, would the company be in such turbulence? You’re still defending her at this point. Did she drug you?” 
“I think she did!” Darren snorted coldly and said, “In such a situation, what is there to say? Elisa is ungrateful! Get hold of her and get rid of her! We don’t want this project anymore!” 
Darren directed his last words at Gareth. Gareth said calmly, “This has nothing to do with her.” 
Julia had been a little worried, but she breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Gareth defending Elisa. 
Although her husband called the shots in their family, her grandson was the backbone of the family. There wouldn’t be a problem as long her grandson stood on Liz’s side! 
At that moment, Julia wasn’t as worried. 
“Is she Black-Eyed Susan?” Darren looked straight at Gareth and asked him coldly. 
Gareth had a calm expression and eventually said indifferently, “Yes.” 
Darren had a cloudy face and said in a low voice, “Back then, was she the one to breach twenty levels of our company’s confidential information?”
“Yes,” Gareth responded honestly. 
Monica laughed in her rage. “Since you knew about it, why are you still defending her? Did she really drug you?”‘ 
Gareth had an aloof expression. “I said it’s nothing to do with her. That’s that. You don’t have to interfere in this anymore.”
###chapter871
Chapter 871
Chapter 871 Gareth’s Warning 
“If I don’t interfere, this company will become Benett Group soon! You’ve really disappointed me, Gareth. When did you start to concern yourself with her?” Darren was in a towering rage. 
But Julia was overjoyed! 
This was how her grandson should be! There was no one for him but Liz! 
Liz was an exceptional woman, and she was also Black-Eyed Susan. Julia was blessed to have such an excellent granddaughter! 
Black-Eyed Susan had quite the reputation! 
At the next moment, she looked at Darren and said in a low voice, “They have their own path to forge. You should quickly step down and stop meddling in their business!” 
Julia was in a great mood now! 
Only she and her son used to be on Liz’s side in the past, while her husband, daughter-in-law, and grandson were against Liz. 
But now, she had pulled her grandson over to Liz’s side! 
Three against two! Darren stood no chance! 
“Mom… you shouldn’t indulge Gareth like that. Elisa is a crafty and cunning woman. You don’t know how wicked she is!” 
“I agree! Has the woman drugged you? Bring her here tomorrow afternoon. I want to see her!” Old Mr. Wickam’s voice was intense and harsh.
Gareth looked at him indifferently and said calmly, “Elisa breached twenty levels of confidential information to trick Norman out of his money. She didn’t have any motive and stopped at the twentieth level.” 
“It’s because she didn’t have the nerve to do it with you around, right?” 
“She could have breached our defenses completely the first time around. She didn’t have to do it after I found out about her identity.” 
“That’s what she made you think so that you’ll suspect someone else! It’s because she failed at breaching our defenses last time, but she did her research this time.” Monica hypothesized. She refused to play second fiddle. 
But Gareth didn’t believe a word. When he saw that Old Mr. Wickam was about to say something, Gareth said in a low voice, “I will deal with this matter alone. You don’t have to interfere.” 
“Not everyone has the nerve to crack twenty levels of Wickam Group’s classified information. There’s no way for Liz to do such a thing. Moreover, it isn’t beneficial for her. You have to be careful.” Jerry hit the nail on the head. 
Julia nodded in agreement at once. “That’s right. We must look for the mastermind behind the scenes, but don’t be too obvious about it. Investigate in private.” 
The two spoke while looking at Gareth. He nodded. “I understand.” 
The three ignored Darren and Monica. Those two were at their wit’s end and had nasty expressions. 
“You…! You’re infuriating!” Darren’s expression was awfully dark. 
Gareth’s gaze fell on Darren. “Don’t talk to Liz in private or make a move against her.”
What he said sounded like an order and a warning. It was as though Gareth would do something if Darren did anything. 
Darren’s expression instantly turned nastier. “What did you say? What will you do to me if I look for Liz?” 
“If you look for her, I won’t take over Wickam Group.” 
“You…! You!!” Darren was livid and snarled, “Do you think you’re the only person left in the Wickam family? Do you think I’m afraid of you? I can adopt a grandson any time! You’re not the only one! Anyone can take over Wickam Group!”
###chapter872
Chapter 872
Chapter 872 Power and Sadness 
Gareth had an indifferent expression. “Up to you.” 
After that, he got up and didn’t look at Old Mr. Wickam as he walked out. 
Julia looked at her grandson worriedly, but Gareth quickly walked out of sight. She immediately looked at Darren furiously. “If I find out that you looked for Liz, I will divorce you! I will disappear for the rest of your life!” 
“Julia!” Darren roared. 
But she didn’t even glance at him as she walked out quickly. 
‘Pow!’ 
He pounded his fist angrily on the table. 
Jerry glanced at his father indifferently. “You’re the master of the house, and you can do whatever you want. But after you do so, will you feel the thrill of power or the sadness from losing your family?” 
Darren was dumbstruck. 
He immediately looked at Jerry angrily. “What do you mean by that? Are you going to break off our relationship if I look for Liz?” 
Jerry said indifferently, “I have to stand by my son, so it’s only natural that I go with him.” 
“You…! Cough…!”
“Dad!” Monica instantly walked around worriedly behind Darren. As she patted his back, she looked at Jerry and said, “Can you be kinder?!” 
Upon seeing Darren go red in the face from coughing violently, Jerry stood at the spot and was unmoved. “Gareth is an adult and is more capable than you. I hope you can trust him and not stick to your thoughts blindly.” 
Before Darren could say anything, Jerry left. 
“How disrespectful and rude!” Jerry was livid, but no one took any notice. Monica stood at her spot, and her expression was particularly nasty. “Dad, if this goes on, the two might reconcile.” 
“How can that happen?” Darren’s face darkened. “I will never let them be together!” 
Monica frowned. “Do you think it won’t happen just because you don’t give them your blessing? With Gareth’s personality, he would register his marriage with Elisa at any time. As for that woman, she’s always wanted to be with him. How can she be so despicable?” 
Monica spoke harshly when Julia wasn’t around. 
Darren didn’t care about all that. When he saw that Monica was in a rage, he sighed. “Only the two of us are of one mind in this house. You have to talk to Gareth more when you have the time, so he will give up on this idea. You can see for yourself how much better Nicole is than Elisa.” 
Monica immediately nodded in agreement. “I know. I really like Nicole, but Gareth…Ah, I’ll think of a way to persuade him, but this child has too many ideas, and we’re not very close. At times, I… am powerless as well.” 
Darren furrowed his brows tightly. He understood what Monica said and thought the same, but he couldn’t persuade Gareth. If he was forceful about it, Gareth would never respond to him. Darren was
frustrated. 
… 
At that moment, Jerry caught up with Gareth as they walked out. “Gareth.” 
Gareth turned to look at him as Gareth stood by the car without moving. Jerry said, “Let’s talk in the car.” 
Jerry sat in the passenger seat while Gareth sat in the driver’s seat. 
But Gareth wasn’t in a rush to start the engine.
###chapter873
Chapter 873
Chapter 873 Mind Teaser 
Jerry looked at Gareth and said calmly, “So what do you think now? Do you really want to remarry Liz?” 
“Yes,” Gareth replied without any hesitation. 
Jerry was surprised, “Are you sure?” 
“Mm,” Gareth replied succinctly. 
Jerry stared at him, “Do you really love Liz, or do you simply just perceive her as wife material?” 
Gareth burrowed and looked at Jerry. “Given Elisa’s current plight, do you think she’s ready for a relationship? So, I am her best choice if she doesn’t want any emotional attachment.” 
“I’m not asking about her. I’m asking you,” Jerry said solemnly, waiting for his response. 
But Gareth frowned again, “What’s the difference?” 
Elisa had no interest in being in a relationship with any man. So, no matter who she chooses to marry, it wouldn’t be for love. In this case, wouldn’t that make him the ideal candidate? Plus, they used to be together before this. 
“Of course, it’s different,” Jerry pursed his lips, looking at Gareth. He pointed out, “Love is fundamental in a marriage. If you marry her without love, chances are you won’t care for her in her sickness or even consider her emotional interests. But what if she marries someone who genuinely loves her?” 
Gareth remained silent. 
Jerry said again, “Assume Liz marries Carle. She will only be loved and spoiled by him. He will put Liz before anything and safeguard her emotional well-being because he’s nuts about her. But if it were
you? Not only would you not protect her, but you may also impose certain expectations or pressure on her. Now, tell me, do you see the difference?” 
Seeing Gareth didn’t say anything. Jerry continued, “The simplest thing, for example, if Liz accidentally cuts her hand while cooking. What will you do?” Jerry gazed at him, waiting for his response. 
Gareth furrowed and gave him a “Duh!” expression. 
But because Jerry was his father, Gareth didn’t mince words, “Of course, bring her to see a doctor.” 
Jerry let out a guffaw. 
Gareth’s brows were knotted in annoyance. He said coldly, “What’s so funny?” 
Jerry twitched his lips and said, “If it were Carle, he wouldn’t even let Elisa cook. But you, you would want her to cook for you.” 
Is he playing a brain teaser with me? 
Gareth looked at Jerry, somewhat annoyed, “You asked me what I would do if she cut her finger. You didn’t ask me what I’d do before or after she cooked. The thing is, she’s an independent individual. I can’t stop her from doing what she wants to do.” 
Jerry smiled, “That’s the difference between truly loving someone and not. If you love her, you will protect her with your life.” 
Gareth pursed his lips, “You never treated Mom like this.” 
“Your mother and I were a marriage of convenience. You’re old enough and should know that by now. Don’t you?”
Gareth pursed his lips and didn’t speak as if agreeing to Jerry’s statement. 
Then, he started the car engine and ended the conversation. 
Jerry refused to get out of his car. Gareth looked at him, “Where to?” 
“Send me home.”
###chapter874
Chapter 874
Chapter 874 Can’t Point a Gun at Each Other 
On the next day. 
Elisa went to work as usual. 
However, by now, malicious rumors had spread around the office. 
Thomas intervened and curbed the spread of rumors. No one openly talked about it again, but they stealthily exchanged looks. 
Especially when they saw Elisa, they would give her a dirty look. 
Elisa didn’t take their aggression to heart. She minded her own business. 
She must bite the bullet. In any case, she was depravedly targeted in the workplace. There was work and responsibility that had to be done. As long as Gareth believed her, nothing else mattered. 
Although she had retaliated and denounced against Old Mr. Wickam that she would quit the collaboration if he didn’t like it. But the truth was, if he terminated the contract, she would weep over the hard work she had poured into the project. 
Although she could replicate the project with Fu Group, it would be troublesome to do that. 
Sly glances and cues were the modes of communication between colleagues throughout the day. Some even whispered in private, but the silver lining was that they were civil enough to keep the gossip out of the group chat. God knew if there was a snitch among them to tip them off with the bosses. 
After work, Elisa received a call. 
It was Will.
Elisa answered his call. 
Will smiled and said, “Will you be free for dinner with me? I have drafted a proposal for our new project with Benett Corporation. It’s badass. Would you like to take a look?” 
Elisa frowned and said, “Sorry, but not today.” 
Will didn’t force her and smiled again, “As a businessman, profit comes first. Are you sure you don’t want to sneak a peek at this proposal? I’m sure Benett Corporation will hit it big with this project.” 
Elisa hesitated. She knew Will wouldn’t joke about things like this. If he said so, then it must be true. 
After contemplating, she said, “Let’s meet somewhere quiet.” 
“Where exactly do you have in mind?” Will asked breezily. He was very accommodating. 
Elisa deliberated and told him the place. Will obligated her choice. Then, they hung up the phone and departed to the place Elisa had mentioned. 
Elisa was relieved that Will didn’t wait for her at the office entrance this time. Yet, she knew Will wouldn’t show up and be seen with her in public at a sensitive time like now. 
If he waited for her at her office, it wouldn’t affect Gareth the slightest but strain himself because Elisa would not hesitate to desert him. 
Thirty minutes later, Elisa arrived at the said location. 
She had a house in this residential area. 
Restaurants and commercial places were too crowded, so Elisa met him at her house.
It was secluded and exclusive. They could steer clear of prying eyes and unwanted attention. 
Elisa got off her car upon seeing Will’s figure. She opened the door and entered her house with Will following behind her. 
“Take a seat,” Elisa said as she sat on the sofa while Will chose to sit on the side. 
He gazed at Elisa’s face and was amused. 
“You won’t be so stressed if you’re with me.” He said. 
Seeing Elisa furrowed, Will quickly explained, “I’m not saying about us being together romantically, but as a working partner.” 
Although he really liked Elisa, Will didn’t want to rub her the wrong way as he knew Elisa was a bit touchy today.
###chapter875
Chapter 875
Chapter 875 He Can Try Harder 
Elisa retracted her gaze and didn’t say a word because Will had exhausted her wit. 
This man was never shy to openly express his feelings to her, which bothered her. 
She had told Will to stop pining for her, but he never listened. And she refused to repeat herself again and again. 
To most people, Will was a person with high EQ. But to Will, Elisa was his soft spot. No matter how much and what he did to please her, she remained unmoved. Worse still, she would not fall for him. 
But he wasn’t bothered by these hiccups. He was adamant about trying harder and refused to give up on Elisa. 
“Let’s take a look at the proposal first,” Will said as he took out the file with a smile as if nothing had happened. 
Elisa was glad that Will didn’t continue to press on. She took the proposal from him and happily browsed through it. 
After browsing through the proposal, she put it on the table and turned her attention to Will. With a smile on his lips, he waited for her response. 
“Your proposal is impeccable.” Just as Will had put across, Elisa was intrigued. Benett Corporation could reap benefits and be launched to greater success if they joined forces. 
Will raised his eyebrows, not surprised by Elisa’s response. However, he wondered if she had any changes she wished to make.
Will raised his eyebrows, not surprised by Elisa’s response. However, he wondered if she had any changes she wished to make. 
Will asked, “Any thoughts or suggestions?” 
Elisa’s hesitated for a moment. 
Will’s lips slowly curved upwards again. He knew that Elisa had better insights, as he had already seen her novel proposals before this and had high expectations of her. 
Elisa thought for a moment before looking at him and asked, “Who’s work is this?” 
“My employee. Feel free to make any changes you want. Don’t worry.” 
Elisa nodded without saying a word. She uttered indifferently, “If that’s the case, please send me the digital copy. I’ll make some modifications, and you can look at it after that. If it works, we can collaborate. However, as you can see from the situation of Benett Corporation, you may have to wait until I complete the project with Wickam Group first. Else…” 
Elisa didn’t continue, but her meaning was obvious. 
At the moment, Elisa hadn’t taken the reigns of the Benett Corporation. Norman would never surrender his power and company shares to her. Additionally, he would never agree to let her collaborate with Darcey Group because he knew if he did, Elisa would only rise to power, definitely not the outcome Norman wanted to see. 
He’d rather forgo the lucrative opportunity and deter Elisa from gaining favor and recognition for her prowess. He was adamant about sabotaging Elisa from achieving her goals. 
“I know. You can take a look at the proposal and make changes if necessary. We can discuss more on it later.”
Actually, Will didn’t plan to wait idly. 
Evaluation and execution can be achieved gradually. If progress happened earlier than expected, they wouldn’t have to wait for the joint project with the Wickam Group to be completed. He could speed up the process. 
Elisa glanced at him and said calmly, “I’m not going to keep you here for dinner. There’s no food here anyway. You know my situation.”
###chapter876
Chapter 876
Chapter 876 Incoherent Speeches 
“Yeah, I understand. That’s why I feel bad for you. Do you really have to trouble yourself like this, Liz?” 
Elisa’s eyes glazed over without saying a word. 
Will stared at her with his keen and earnest eyes. 
Elisa had never seen Will like this, so solemn and serious. His unusual demeanor made Elisa uneasy. 
But the next moment, the man uttered in his hypnotic voice again. 
“I know you never like to rely on others and want to take the matter into your own hands to create a comeback and avenge your father. But this will only wear you out. Friends are supposed to help each other. Why do you push me away? Do you not trust me?” 
Elisa’s eyes flickered, but she did not speak. 
She was on the tip of her tongue. She asked herself the same question. Does Will believe in his own words? 
Her silence affirmed Will’s thoughts. 
Will sighed resignedly, “Everyone always said I have high EQ. I am capable of handling setbacks, but with you, I don’t know how to prove myself to you.” 
Elisa was taken aback. She raised her gaze at the man in front of her. “You don’t have to explain further, nor do you need to do anything for me. We were never meant to be together.” In other words, they could be business partners but not romantic couples. 
Elisa had lost faith in love ever since Gareth hurt her.
Will let out a long sigh and knew it was futile for more explanation. He could only go with the flow. 
The next second, he smiled and nodded. 
“Alright, I’ll zip it. I know you’re busy, and it’s inconvenient for me to linger. I’ll run first. See you.” 
“Okay.” 
She responded succinctly. 
Will was a man of his word. When he said he was leaving, he left. 
Elisa didn’t plan to stay either. She left the house shortly after Will. 
However, despite being vigilant, they were got caught by the paparazzi. The paparazzi had been stalking Elisa and wouldn’t want to miss a jarring and conspicuous discovery like this. Even more so when they were incentivized for the task. It would be absurd of them to not blow it up. 
Sure enough, the internet had blown up once again. 
The headlines were sensational and elicited vulgar language and profanity from the netizen. 
— For instance, a comment wrote: ‘Oh, God! Elisa and Will are having an affair. They must be very infatuated with each other, willing to risk themselves meeting at a time like this.’ 
— Another comment read: ‘I think they must be plotting something against Gareth. They even try to steal the company’s confidential data through him. Poor Gareth, he’s being used by this selfish and opportunistic woman. Such a wicked woman. Gareth must have been blind to marry her. Thank God he divorced her after that. But Old Mrs. Wickam wanted them back together again. I’m truly sorry for Gareth.’
— Yet another comment said: ‘You guys are being absurd. This is clearly a sham fabricated by the paparazzi. Elisa and Will have always been friends. You guys can’t assume the worse of them without evidence.’
###chapter877
Chapter 877
Chapter 877 Stop Joking Around 
— Someone stoked the turmoil: ‘Hey, don’t you feel ashamed for defending Elisa? She must have hired you to alleviate her bad image on the internet. Everyone knows Gareth and Will are not on good terms, yet she’s got every trick in her book to double-cross between them. Isn’t her motive obvious? How ridiculous of you to defend this wicked woman.’ 
— The comment fired back: ‘What do you mean that I’m defending her? I’m just stating the fact!’ 
— Subsequently, one comment pointed out: ‘Yea. Your so-called ‘fact’ reminded me that Elisa held Will’s arm, showed up at the banquet, and called for a divorce with Gareth. This proves that she was having an affair with Will despite being married to Gareth. After the divorce, she helped Will in the lawsuit, with Gareth suffering billions of losses. It was obvious that she sided with Will. Her collaboration with Wickam Group this time is nothing but a plot. Her motive is to steal Wickam Group’s confidential data for her own gain.’ 
— A commentator weighed in and favored the instigator: ‘Preach it, bro! That’s how Elisa succeeded in reinventing the comeback. Old Mrs. Wickam had always wanted them to reconcile. It’s not a secret that she’s been trying various ways to see Gareth and Elisa reconcile. Now, she will run away with Will with the stolen confidential data. Gareth is left with a big mess to deal with.’ 
— Someone wrote: ‘I just found out Will is such a despicable person. I thought he would compete with Gareth in a gentlemanly way, yet he resorts to using a woman as his instrument. How pathetic. I am very disappointed with him now that I know his true color.’ 
— Another chipped in its thought: ‘Knock it off, all of you. Go ahead if you want to shame Elisa, but why do you have to implicate my idol, Gareth? Corporate strategy and competition happen all the time. What’s wrong with that?’
— A retaliation that read: ‘I doubt you’re a fan of Gareth. You’re insinuating that he played a part in the uproar. My Gareth would never do such a mean thing. Stop spreading fake news, or you’ll get sued. Be mindful of what you write online. Stop trolling here!’ 
— The commenter replied: ‘Alright, alright. There’s no need to argue like this. We didn’t mean to offend anyone’s feelings. But hats off to Elisa. She’s so crafty to pull off her plot, manipulate two men, and steal Wickam Group’s data. Regardless of her character, I truly admire her talent.’ 
— Someone said: ‘Yes, I second that too. Not only is she an elite lawyer, but a top-notch hacker as well. Who wouldn’t be smitten by her? She’s really one of a kind. I guess that’s why Will and Gareth fall for her. If I were a man, I would too.’ 
— Another said: ‘I’m a man myself, and I am so attracted to her. What a shame she’s not my girlfriend else. I would shower her with all my love.’ 
— Someone teased: ‘You? Don’t be ridiculous. She wouldn’t take an interest in you even if you’re a millionaire or a billionaire.’
###chapter878
Chapter 878
Chapter 878 Caught in a Dilemma 
— A comment concurred: ‘Exactly. Her net worth is indeterminable. As an elite lawyer and hacker, she must have made a fortune. Not to mention that she’s also the daughter of the Benetts and Gareth Wickam’s ex-wife. We don’t even know how much she owns. She’s clearly out of your league, dude.’ 
Mockery and speculations flooded the internet. Some netizens reckoned the trolls were paid to create controversy against Elisa. It didn’t take long for the trolls to digress from the discussion to insult Elisa for being a slut. 
Everyone thought Elisa was in cahoots with Will against Gareth over Wickam Group’s confidential data. Now that Gareth had switched to an ancillary security system, the repercussion would be awry if he continued to let Elisa stay on. Many netizens had expressed their concerns by messaging Gareth on Twitter, asking him to be careful and stop trusting Elisa. 
In any case, those celebrities who paid for media coverage had given up such a gimmick. And those who had never employed such publicity devices had become even more resigned to the idea. 
Everyone in the Wickam Group was engrossed in this matter. The heated discussion had bred bad blood among the employees. There was no peace in the entire office. 
Meanwhile, the Darcey Group was in a tempestuous state as well. Some commended Elisa for being helpful to their President Darcey but deduced that she would end up being snubbed by Will because he wouldn’t like a divorced woman like Elisa. 
They were just using each other. 
Another sensational event erupted after this incident. Will unflinchingly sacked the employees who besmirched Elisa in the company group chat.
Will had made a point to clarify that he had never used Elisa for his own gain. 
Those employees were terrified by Will’s ultimatum. Despite feeling bitter and furious, they dared not to air their grievances lest they offend Will again. They profusely expressed remorse, hoping Will would give them a second chance, but he didn’t spare them mercy. 
Instead, this incident stirred controversy on the internet, driving more people to believe that Will and Elisa were indeed in cahoots. However, some netizens repudiated that plausibility and thought Will and Elisa wouldn’t be so foolish to go public on their relationship. 
The series of sensational incidents throttled Elisa into an international household name. After all, they lived in a progressive and influential country with the whole world’s attention. Elisa was on the trending search list every other day and had become a sensational figure worldwide. 
Some foreign men even declared their sexual desires for Elisa on the internet. 
At this moment, Elisa was home feeling stressed out after a chain of eventful troubles. It would only make things worse if she resorted to suppressing the spread of this news. But if she remained silent, the situation would worsen. She felt stuck and helpless. 
Just then, her phone buzzed. It was Gareth.
###chapter879
Chapter 879
Chapter 879 Is This a Turmoil? 
Elisa hesitated for a moment but still answered the call. 
However, before she could say anything, she heard his cold voice from the other side of the phone, “Why did you see him at a time like this?” 
Elisa’s eyes flickered. She gasped a sigh in her heart. 
“It was my mistake. I will be more careful after this.” 
Gareth was upset. Although Elisa couldn’t see his expression, she knew he must be furious now. 
“Nobody believes you. Don’t you think you owe me an explanation?” 
“Do you not believe me?” Instead of getting riled up at the circumstance, Elisa asked calmly. 
It wasn’t because she was trying to convince Gareth to believe her. 
Gareth looked even glummer now. He responded with a sneer, “Why should I believe you?” 
She understood that it was hard for people to believe her. She would have doubted herself if she was an outsider too. 
With jaw clenched, Gareth’s rage was stoked by Elisa’s silence. 
She had to explain to him whether he chose to believe her or not. 
However, Elisa’s silence implied her refusal of explanation. 
This d*mn woman! Sometimes I really feel like strangling her!
Gareth held back his frustration. But the more he tried to hold back his emotions, the angrier he became. The floodgate of resentment crashed in that instant. 
But before he could say anything, Elisa uttered. 
But before he could say anything, Elisa uttered. 
“I don’t know what to say. It’s up to you whether you want to believe me or not. If you don’t believe me, there’s no point for me to explain.” 
Elisa said indifferently. She had clearly expressed that there was nothing that she could do if he wouldn’t believe her. 
Gareth’s face became even more livid. His voice was cold and solemn. 
“Did you even try?” He ranted. 
Elisa kept quiet. 
Would it matter if she said something? 
She thought Gareth had become even more peculiar. 
She recomposed herself and had no desire to talk to him anymore. After waiting for a few seconds and realizing that she still wouldn’t speak, Gareth hung up the phone. 
Elisa couldn’t help but furrow. This guy is becoming more and more ridiculous. 
She refocused her mind and went back to work. 
At Benett Corporation.
At this moment, Linda was also at work. 
She was motivated by Elisa and determined to be the better version of herself. She wanted to contribute and see Benett Corporation flourish under her father’s management so Elisa wouldn’t stand a chance to snatch Benett Corporation from her family. She was the only legitimate successor of the Benett Corporation but Elisa! 
Linda’s grievances against Elisa stoked her determination to become better. 
Her phone rang just as she was about to pick up a document on her desk. She frowned, seeming annoyed to be interrupted at this time. However, she was startled when she saw it was an incognito caller ID. She raised her guard up and glanced around her office. Then, she entered the lounge to answer the call. 
“Hello.” 
She had many questions she wanted to ask, but she didn’t know how to put her thoughts into words. Even if she did, it didn’t necessarily mean the other person would answer her. So, she could only listen. 
Soon, the animated voice came through again. 
“Have you been following Wickam Group’s recent turmoil?” 
Linda frowned. But secretly, she felt the urge to say, “Turmoil? Does that even count as turmoil? 
But she held her tongue and uttered, “Yes, I do. But I don’t think Gareth is convinced that Elisa is a mole.”
###chapter880
Chapter 880
Chapter 880 She Has to Be Calm 
The animated voice on the other end of the phone suddenly sneered. Linda burrowed, offended by its rude response. But she didn’t say anything because she was well aware of the power dynamic between them. 
But before she could overthink, the animated voice sneered again. 
“If Gareth was an easy character. Why would I go through all these troubles?” 
Linda pursed her lips and remained silent. After all, he or she was right. If it only needed an incident to instigate Gareth against Elisa, there was no need for her to go to such lengths to sow discord between them. 
“So, what’s next?” 
“Most people are convinced Elisa is a mole, but not Gareth. We have done it once, we can do it again.” the other party said. 
Linda was shocked, “You want to hack into the system again?” 
Linda did not doubt its idea but was rather shocked by its confidence and ability to pull the same device and infiltrate the Wickam Group’s confidential data again. 
Linda presumed the other party was a woman through its feminine tone and her desire to eradicate Elisa. 
It had an animated voice, but there was composure in it as well, “Of course.”
Linda’s eyes glimmered and were at a loss for words. She felt auspicious. This person seemed powerful. She could impair Wickam Group’s security multiple times. 
Linda wondered if she had found a powerful backer. 
At this moment, Linda was somewhat thrilled. 
She held her phone, with many questions that she wanted to ask. 
But… she knew this person was impatient and short-tempered, so she only asked the essential questions. She withheld the nonimportant ones until another time. 
“So… what’s your next step? Do you need me to do anything?” 
“Of course, I need you, but not right now. You just need to stand by for my cue. Don’t embroil in scandals and stay away from the reporters during this period.” 
Linda was surprised, “Stay away from the reporters? Don’t I need to continue to tip off the reporters?” 
“Don’t you know your place? People only believed you for the first time because you fulfilled their meddlesome nature. Do you think they will buy your words for the second time, given your strife with Elisa? What do you think will happen if you pull the same stunt again?” 
Linda glowered and clutched her phone. She kept quiet. 
The other party was getting frustrated with Linda. Its tone was becoming mean and impatient, “I will contact you again. In these two weeks, do what you’re supposed to, and don’t worry about anything else. Don’t butt in without my consent. If you ruin my plans, I’ll take back everything I’ve given you.” 
Linda’s heart sank instantly, and her anxiety was set off. This person got on her nerves. She hated to be threatened.
But what could she do? Despite feeling insulted, she swallowed her pride and said, “I understand.” 
She replied with two words and nothing else. The other party had exhausted its patience and hung up the phone.
###chapter881
Chapter 881
Although the current situation upset her. 
She felt powerless and frustrated for being used. 
But, no matter what, they shared the same goal. It was still undeterminable who was using whom. 
She soothed herself by realigning her thoughts. 
... 
For the next five days. 
Life was relatively smooth and tranquil. 
But on the sixth day, the Wickam Group was again in turmoil. 
The entire IT department was once again plagued with terror! 
They immediately alerted their bosses, and Thomas promptly informed Gareth. 
Gareth looked cold and solemn. 
However, this time, it seemed like the hacker had failed to breach their security system. 
Everyone in the IT department was anxious. But they still gathered in a place without CCTV, away from Gareth, and stealthily discussed among themselves. 
"My hunch is telling me something has gone wrong." A chubby employee scratched his ear and looked around before whispering. 
His skinny, short-haired colleague looked at him and asked, "What has gone wrong?" 
The chubby colleague straightened his black tie and adjusted his cuffs before speaking with a frown, "Last time, the hacker was able to crack our security system easily. But this time, it was slapdash. It gave up very quickly." 
The thin colleague was flabbergasted, "How is that possible? Can't you see that it's still trying to breach the system? Mr. Wickam seems to be writing new code right now!" 
The chubby colleague shook his head and tidied his unkempt long hair. He feigned confusion, "Well, I feel Elisa is linked to this." 
The thin colleague stopped his handwashing motion and looked at the chubby colleague, "What does this have to do with Elisa?" 
The chubby colleague looked around before whispering to him, "You've seen how the hacker is doing this time. I think it must be Elisa. She deliberately made the process seem like a toil so we would stop suspecting her." 
The thin colleague looked bewildered. 
The chubby colleague spoke again, "Actually, the program was written by Elisa and Mr. Wickam. Elisa only knows half of the program, but it wouldn't be difficult for her even if it were combined with Mr.
Wickam's part. Elisa is a top-notch hacker, but because she wants to stave off suspicion, she deliberately made it look as if an impossible task!" 
"This...?" The skinny colleague hesitated for a moment. In fact, he found this round's infiltration attempt bizarre too. 
But it was only perceptible if one studied closely. 
The skinny colleague patted his shoulder, "Let's not overthink for now. We don't call the shot for what's happening. I only discussed this with you because I was too carried away by the unusual activity. Whatever we discuss here stays here." 
As the chubby guy spoke, he glanced at the skinny guy next to him. He knew the skinny guy was a blabbermouth. He had terrible records of failing to keep a secret. 
The chubby guy only said that to dispel the skinny guy's suspicion towards him. 
The skinny guy nodded and promised, "Don't worry, I won't tell anyone!" 
The chubby guy's eyes flickered slyly, but he pretended to be naive and nodded. 
"Come on. Let's get back to grind and defend our turf." 
Eventually, the two of them went back to work together. 
But...
###chapter882
Chapter 882
The hacking incident at the Wickam Group had leaked again. 
The skinny colleague was indeed a blabbermouth. He went around and told people whatever the chubby colleague had told him. Not only that, he exaggerated the story and made it into a thriller love story. 
The public's opinion of Elisa had worsened, and everyone was badmouthing her. The entire Wickam Group had turned into a purgatory for Elisa. 
However, she still didn't explain the situation. 
As the new program was about to be breached, Gareth promptly replaced a new program to counter the hacker's advances. 
There were notions about Gareth's actions in the IT department. 
"Do you think Mr. Wickam doubted Elisa?" 
"I think so. Otherwise, why didn't Mr. Wickam revamp the program with her? After all, she is a top-notch programmer." 
... 
Another three days went by. 
Elisa hadn't clarified the matter to Gareth at all. That day, Gareth had made it clear to her that he bore
suspicion against her. Elisa thought it was futile to clarify the matter. But Gareth seemed committed to carrying on the collaboration with Benett Corporation. 
Elisa had been exceptionally quiet throughout this time. 
Meanwhile, Gareth's frustration and wrath had burgeoned. He had become even more short-fused. 
Great. This woman doesn't give a f*cking d*mn after so many days! 
Then, three days later. 
Another meeting was held about Elisa's project. This was the first time Elisa and Gareth had seen each other in nine days. 
At the conference table, Elisa was seated on the host's right. 
Thomas was seated right opposite Elisa. 
Gareth didn't spare Elisa a glance throughout the meeting. 
Just when Thomas was standing in front of everyone, ready to delve into the ive of the meeting. Suddenly, a woman in formal business attire stood up. She prodded her glasses on her nose bridge, stared at Gareth, and said, "Mr. Wickam, I'm sorry. But before we begin this meeting, I need to discuss an important matter related to this project with you." 
Her voice was solemn, and her expression was glum. 
Everyone held their breath and tensed up their body. Obviously, everyone knew what she was going to say. 
Gareth looked at the woman stolidly without saying a word. He pressed his lips into a line. His frigid aura terrified every single one of them, and no one dared to speak a word. 
Although Gareth didn't say anything, his implicit gesture indicated she had his green light to speak up. 
The woman was not a regular employee given the opportunity to be in the meeting with Gareth. She immediately spoke up, "I have profound doubts about Ms. Benett. Our company has never run into any problems over the years. But ever since Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett divorced, she gradually manifested herself as a confederate with our competitors. Now that she's back in Wickam Group, I thought she would let go of the past and be committed to contributing to the company. But, after a series of incidents in the company, I have second thoughts about Ms. Benett's credibility." 
She didn't state the incidents expressly, but everyone was cognizant of the recent scandal that had stirred up a storm in the marketplace and the internet. Everyone knew what her concerns were. 
After she finished speaking, everyone looked at Elisa, waiting for her response. 
There was a hint of hostility in Gareth's cold gaze. Everyone can't help but cower under his domineering aura. 
Thomas looked conflicted. He glanced at Gareth but ultimately didn't say a word. 
###chapter883
Chapter 883
Since he had been working for Gareth for a long time, he could guess his boss' reaction. 
At that moment, everyone turned to Elisa. 
"Ms. Bennett, is there anything you would like to explain?" The woman asked in a low voice. 
Gareth remained quiet, which was unusual because he wouldn't allow this to happen. 
However, he also looked at Elisa indifferently, wanting to hear her explanation. 
Since she doesn't want to explain, I want to hear from her. 
Elisa ignored Gareth and looked around the room. 
"Everyone here is from the management level. I assume you wouldn't be here without many rounds of examination and filtration. Hence, I'm sure you know we shouldn't accuse someone without evidence." 
Silence hung in the room while an uneasy look appeared on the woman's face. 
Before she could defend herself, Elisa's calm voice rang. "You think something's wrong with me. Where's your evidence?" 
The woman was at a loss for words. She is so good at pointing out the most crucial things. 
If it were any other person, they might panic and come up with a forced explanation upon being criticized. 
Yet, Elisa kept her cool and requested evidence. 
The woman suppressed her displeasure and let out a cold snort. 
Looking squarely at Elisa, she retorted calmly, "Ms. Benett, where's your conscience? When you were married to Mr. Wickam, the Wickam family treated you kindly and generously. Old Mrs. Wickam even treated you like her own granddaughter. I can't believe you resort to betraying them, working together with Mr. Darcey to attack Mr. Wickam. Don't bite the hands that feed you – you seem to have forgotten this." 
Gareth frowned, but it went unnoticed. 
Elisa smiled at her. "Are you done?" 
The woman remained silent. 
Elisa glanced around the room again. "My relationship with Old Mrs. Wickam and Mr. Wickam is none of your business – please stay out of it and focus on today's issues. You request Mr. Wickam to fire me on baseless accusations. Isn't it ludicrous? It's his decision at the end of the day, but y'all…" 
There was a poignant pause, and everyone tensed up. 
"I could sue you," she continued impassively. 
As soon as they heard that, they looked worried and anxious. However, the majority was furious when they heard that. 
The woman who had been accusing Elisa was Georgiana Sulley, a manager of Wickam Group. 
She couldn't stand it anymore and retorted angrily, "Ms. Benett, everyone knows you're an elite lawyer, perhaps the very best in our country. Do you have to threaten everyone with that?" 
"I'm not threatening anyone here; I'm just stating facts." 
Georgiana was not the only person who had a beef with Elisa. 
Another person retaliated angrily, "How interesting, Ms. Benett. This is clearly a threat. Don't we have the right to speak our minds?" 
###chapter884
Chapter 884
Elisa looked at her calmly. "Of course, you can. But remember that you must take responsibility for your words." 
At that point, everyone looked at Elisa in distaste. She thinks she can do anything she likes just because she's a lawyer! I can't believe she leverages her knowledge of the law to threaten everyone. How impressive! 
Georgiana frowned at her. "Ms. Benett, this is just an internal discussion. There's no need to bring the law into our conversation. We just want to hear your explanation. If not…" 
Her voice trailed away suggestively. 
Some people were eagerly anticipating Georgiana to finish her sentence. 
Many people were jealous of Elisa's relationship with Gareth. 
Though he was not a celebrity, everyone had a crush on him. 
More often than not, when one's celebrity crush gets into a relationship, the fans will be upset and leave the fanbase. 
Hence, many women were displeased because Gareth started talking to Elisa again. 
Besides that, Elisa also made various changes that changed how they usually work since she joined the company. This created dissent across multiple departments and painted her in a terrible light. 
Because of that, many people who were usually good at their job started underperforming. 
Hence, everyone shunned her further. 
"Yes?" 
Elisa looked at Georgiana coolly, wanting to hear the completed sentence. 
Georgiana cut to the chase. "If not, it means you are up to no good with Darcey Group, and we won't tolerate a traitor like you." 
Gareth's gaze remained piercing and intimidating. It was not directed to anyone in particular, but it was enough pressure on everyone. 
Georgiana could barely catch her breath. 
Elisa snorted coldly. "It's unrelated to me, and I don't care if you believe me." 
All along, Georgiana had not been getting along well with Elisa. She didn't comply with Elisa's instructions, despite the warnings. 
Elisa rejected her work several times and asked the entire department to redo it, eliciting more grumbles from them. 
However, Georgiana pushed all the blame on Elisa, further enforcing everyone's dislike toward Elisa. 
At that moment, most people had a frown on their faces. Elisa has gone too far. I can't believe she
dares to make such an outrageous statement! 
Elisa looked at Gareth, who had no idea what she was about to do. 
"I don't care if others believe me, but what about you? Mr. Wickam, do you also think I revealed your business secrets to Will?" 
Gareth's eyes narrowed. 
For reasons unknown to himself, his anger suddenly abated. 
Elisa seemed to imply that all she cared about was his trust. 
Everyone refocused their attention on Gareth.
###chapter885
Chapter 885
Elisa had no intention to speak further, for she had already expressed herself clearly. 
Gareth's frown deepened. He looked at her intently and asked, "Why should I trust you?" 
Everyone, including Georgiana, was shocked and delighted to hear that. 
It proved that Gareth also had suspicions about Elisa. It might be difficult for Elisa to remain in the company – it was good news to them. 
Georgiana's mood became better, and she became more confident. 
She let out a snort in Elisa's direction. "Ms. Benett, you should explain right now. I'm afraid the results might not be in your favor if you keep your virtuous act." 
If it wasn't such a formal occasion, she wanted to say, "Who are you to be so arrogant?" 
Elisa's gaze fell on Gareth, who seemed to have resolved that he would call off their collaboration if she didn't explain herself. 
She smiled upon seeing that. 
Not wanting to quarrel with him, she calmly declared, "I don't care how wealthy the Wickam Group is." 
Everyone snorted internally, not believing a word she said. 
She really is riding the high horse now. Doesn't she care how wealthy the Wickam Group is? We can't
even imagine the numbers. Until now, no one knows how much money Mr. Wickam owns. Yet, she doesn't care about it. Hah, I don't believe her! 
She explained, "If I truly wanted your money, would I agree to divorce without taking a single cent from you?" 
Everyone listened in stunned silence. 
Not a single cent? It must be true because Mr. Wickam is also here. We can also look it up online. Is that true? 
They looked at her in disbelief. 
"If I wanted to, I could get half of your assets." 
The stunned looks turned conflicted. 
No one doubted her anymore. 
In a divorce, the shared assets of the couple would be equally split unless a prenuptial agreement is signed. 
Judging from Elisa's remarks, they didn't do that. 
Half of Gareth's assets would be an unimaginable number. If Elisa didn't even care about that, she had no reason to work with Will to get the confidential information of Wickam Group. 
Even if Elisa could get a lot of money from that, it would be nothing compared to Gareth's assets. 
All of a sudden, everyone was at a loss for words. 
Gareth's mellowed gaze grew sharper. 
When he heard Elisa's explanation, he felt it was not only money; she didn't care about him.
###chapter886
Chapter 886
His appeased anger had returned entirely, but Elisa had no idea what had occurred in Gareth's thoughts. 
"Is this explanation good enough?" she asked composedly. 
It was such a perfect explanation that they could not put together a comeback. 
Gareth looked so cold and menacing that the people around him shuddered fearfully. 
Who is he directing his anger to? Is he angry with Elisa or us because we have been questioning her? 
While everyone worried about the outcome, he suddenly instructed, "Continue." 
From that response, they knew that Gareth had believed Elisa and wanted her to remain. 
We must have antagonized Mr. Wickam by attacking Elisa together just now! He's unhappy with us now. 
Throughout the entire meeting, everyone was tense. Long after Gareth left, they heaved a sigh of relief. 
On the way out, they discussed among themselves quietly. 
"What do you think he means? Why did he suddenly continue the meeting? He should pursue the matter further." 
"But… if he trusts Elisa, why did he ask her to explain herself just now?" 
They fell silent again, feeling something was off but unable to place their finger on it. 
In a nutshell, everyone left with conflicted feelings. 
… 
At Benett Corporation, Linda was still working in the office. 
She wasn't busy at all. After all, she was the director's daughter. No one dared to assign too many tasks to her unless she volunteered. Apart from that, they even reminded her not to overwork, which was unheard of. 
The people who worked for her knew they had to flatter her. 
Suddenly, she received a call from an anonymous source and quickly picked it up. 
"Hello." 
As she spoke, she tightened her hold on her phone nervously – this would happen every time she received a call from the anonymous caller. Apart from that, she also felt great anticipation for a surprise. 
She was also worried that the mysterious caller might use her to do something heinous. 
At the very worst, she might not be able to notice the malicious intent. 
Even if she could, she might have been threatened. If that happens, what should I do? 
Linda was stuck in a rather tricky situation. 
In the call a few days ago, that person told her it was time for her to shine. 
It was highly likely that she would be asked to do something in this call. 
"Wickam Group changed another security software. I won't attack them anymore." 
Linda was momentarily stunned, but she soon returned to her senses. "This will show how impenetrable Gareth's software is and portray a false impression that Elisa's involvement in the previous software was the reason for the hack." 
"That's right." 
Linda frowned and asked hesitantly, "Everyone will be suspicious, won't they? Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan, after all." 
The anonymous caller snorted. 
###chapter887
Chapter 887
Chapter 887 Secret Meeting 
“Why are you laughing?” 
“Who cares?” the other person replied disdainfully. 
Linda was startled to hear that. Though the caller disregarded Elisa’s skills, Linda still felt the need to keep her guard up. 
“What do you want me to do?” 
That was the only reply she could think of. 
“It’s time for you to join the party.” 
Linda’s gaze flickered. Sure enough, I’m expected to take action now. 
“What should I do?” 
… 
Peace ensued for the next three days, but rumors spread like wildfire within Wickam Group. 
After Mr. Wickam updated the software himself, no one else could hack into it. It was different when Elisa was involved before this… 
The dispute surrounding Elisa increased. Everyone gawked at her like a monster whenever they ran into her. 
She got used to it and continued with her life carefreely. 
Meanwhile, Linda started taking action. “Why are you laughing?”
“Who cares?” the other person replied disdainfully. 
Not wanting to be recognized, she wore a face mask, a pair of sunglasses, and a cap as she sat in a cafe. 
Shortly, the door was opened by a beautiful, slender woman with a perfect figure. 
Envy flitted across Linda’s eyes, but she reminded herself to keep it in check. 
She smiled at the newcomer. “You’re finally here.” 
Nicole appraised her with a conflicting expression and gave her a nod as a reply. 
Linda pointed at the seat across her. “Take a seat.” 
She had already ordered coffee for both of them, so no time would be wasted. 
Besides, the main reason for making the trip was to have a talk, and it did not matter what they were going to drink. 
Nicole showed no intention of drinking the coffee. She merely looked at Linda calmly. “You insisted on meeting me. What’s what?” 
Linda took off her mask and sunglasses. A bright smile appeared on her pretty face. 
“Ms. Tabor, I bet you already know the reason.” 
Nicole looked at her without uttering a word. 
Linda’s smile turned tragic and sarcastic. “I must admit that I love Gareth and longed to be with him. But I have accepted the reality – it’s impossible.”
Nicole frowned and waited for her to continue. 
Linda didn’t want to beat around the bush. Without wasting more time, she said, “I’m sure you know my current state and relationship with Elisa. I’m tired of seeing her interactions with Gareth lately. On the other hand, it’s no secret that you adore Gareth. Are you willing to give up?” 
Nicole looked at her, frowning. “That’s none of your business.” 
Linda smiled mockingly. If she doesn’t need my help, she won’t agree to meet me today. 
“I can understand your feelings. I’ve fallen for him since young – perhaps even longer than you.”
###chapter888
Chapter 888
Chapter 888 Pretends to be Virtuous 
“I understand your feelings and know you don’t want to hurt anyone. I’m not asking you to sabotage Elisa. I’m just resentful about them reconciling. I can’t be with Gareth anymore, but I’d rather you be with him than Elisa. You don’t know how conniving she is. She doesn’t like him at all. She’s just…” 
She paused dramatically to pique Nicole’s interest. 
Nicole looked at Linda, waiting for her to continue. 
Linda sighed, “Elisa has a motive for getting closer to him. Why do you think we had a fallout? Why would I want them to divorce? 
Nicole’s forehead creased. “Why?” 
“When Elisa’s father was still alive, I accidentally overheard their conversation one day.” Linda snorted. 
Nicole listened attentively. 
Linda let out another snort. “Neither the father nor the daughter is up to any good. They had been plotting to sabotage Gareth’s career after the marriage. Though Elisa and Gareth seemed loving on the surface – the media even referred to them as the model couple – it was all planned by Elisa’s father without Gareth’s agreement. Judging from your family background, I’m sure you can check if this is true. You’ll find out eventually.” 
Nicole was stunned to hear that. Is that true? 
Before this, she only read the news about them. Though she knew some insider information, she didn’t know as much as Linda.
To her, this was a rather inconceivable notion. 
She remained silent and pretended to be polite, allowing Linda to continue. 
In fact, she was curious regardless if Linda was telling the truth or not, and Linda knew that. 
With hatred in her eyes, Linda continued, “We all know each other. I’ve loved Gareth for a long time, but he never returned the feelings. He’s just feeling guilty toward me because of that incident. I thought feelings could be nurtured, but… I know his attitude toward Elisa because I’ve been in touch with them fairly often. I don’t care if you believe me, but I’m determined to help you. I will never allow her to hurt Gareth again! I won’t let her plan succeed!” 
Nicola was stunnad to haar that. Is that trua? 
Bafora this, sha only raad tha naws about tham. Though sha knaw soma insidar information, sha didn’t know as much as Linda. 
To har, this was a rathar inconcaivabla notion. 
Sha ramainad silant and pratandad to ba polita, allowing Linda to continua. 
In fact, sha was curious ragardlass if Linda was talling tha truth or not, and Linda knaw that. 
With hatrad in har ayas, Linda continuad, “Wa all know aach othar. I’va lovad Garath for a long tima, but ha navar raturnad tha faalings. Ha’s just faaling guilty toward ma bacausa of that incidant. I thought faalings could ba nurturad, but… I know his attituda toward Elisa bacausa I’va baan in touch with tham fairly oftan. I don’t cara if you baliava ma, but I’m datarminad to halp you. I will navar allow har to hurt Garath again! I won’t lat har plan succaad!” 
“What plan?” Nicole blurted out.
Initially, she didn’t want to be influenced by Linda, so she didn’t want to say anything. 
However, Linda didn’t answer, as though her reply depended on Nicole’s decision. 
Sarcasm was thick in Linda’s eyes. I know you care a lot! Your calm facade must be fake! If you’re genuinely kind, that person wouldn’t ask me to speak to you. 
“I’m sure you heard the rumors online.” 
“The rumors aren’t enough to draw conclusions,” Nicole retorted coolly. 
Linda looked at her mockingly. You’re a b*tch who pretends to be virtuous. She implies that she needs evidence to take action!
###chapter889
Chapter 889
Chapter 889 Results of the Investigation 
This made Nicole seem as though she would only take action for justice. She would have the dignity to blame Elisa for making her take action. 
Nevertheless, Linda didn’t care how Nicole portrayed herself. Whatever you say! I don’t really care as long you do something about it. 
Linda replied calmly, “Of course, I have the evidence. I’ll send it to you later. I won’t ask to meet again if you think the evidence is insufficient. There’s nothing I can do to make you cherish Gareth.” 
Nicole’s eyes flashed at her. 
Linda wore her sunglasses and mask again, indicating she had nothing more to say. 
Looking back at Nicole’s gaze, she said, “I’ve said all I could. There’s no need to waste your time any further. We might see each other again if fate brings us together.” 
With that, she smiled and nodded at Nicole before leaving without another word, shutting the door behind her thoughtfully. 
Nicole sat stonily in her seat with a conflicted expression on her face. 
What is the evidence she claims to have? Is she telling the truth? 
Then, Nicole remembered her words just now. I can investigate it myself. 
She quickly sent a message to her assistant and left. I have to get to the bottom of this. I won’t allow Elisa or anyone to hurt Gareth. 
After that, she could wait for her assistant and Linda to get back to her.
It had been two normal days for Elisa at the company until she got a call from Charli. 
She immediately looked grave and went straight to Charli’s place after work. 
When Charli saw the impatient look on her face, she said, “Take a seat and have some water.” 
Elisa nodded and walked inside stonily, receiving a stack of photographs from Charli. 
“I’ve tried my best. These are what I found. I printed out the photographs – the originals were nowhere to be found.” 
Nicola sat stonily in har saat with a conflictad axprassion on har faca. 
What is tha avidanca sha claims to hava? Is sha talling tha truth? 
Than, Nicola ramambarad har words just now. I can invastigata it mysalf. 
Sha quickly sant a massaga to har assistant and laft. I hava to gat to tha bottom of this. I won’t allow Elisa or anyona to hurt Garath. 
Aftar that, sha could wait for har assistant and Linda to gat back to har. 
It had baan two normal days for Elisa at tha company until sha got a call from Charli. 
Sha immadiataly lookad grava and want straight to Charli’s placa aftar work. 
Whan Charli saw tha impatiant look on har faca, sha said, “Taka a saat and hava soma watar.” 
Elisa noddad and walkad insida stonily, racaiving a stack of photographs from Charli. 
“I’va triad my bast. Thasa ara what I found. I printad out tha photographs – tha originals wara nowhara to ba found.”
Elisa pursed her lips quietly as she looked at the photographs initially shot on a film camera some decades ago. 
Though it was slightly blurry, she could make out the faces. 
In one of the photographs, a woman stood next to her father. 
“She–” 
“I think your father destroyed these. While looking into his past, I found out about these. She could be your mother.” 
From the low-resolution photograph, Elisa could tell the woman was fair-skinned and beautiful. 
She looked through each of them and realized that her parents were in love with each other, beaming brightly at the camera when they took the pictures. 
I don’t understand. Is Linda telling the truth, or has she been lying to me all this while? Why didn’t Dad mention Mom at all? He would divert my attention whenever I asked about her.
###chapter890
Chapter 890
Chapter 890 The Only Person Who Knows The Truth 
Looking at their intimate postures in the old photographs, Elisa was suddenly at a loss for words, with conflicted feelings brewing within her. 
Charli sighed. “I was also shocked when I saw these. You never knew your mother. I thought this might be helpful to you.” 
She had never seen her parents’ marriage and divorce papers. She had been looking into it but to no avail, as though someone had hidden them intentionally. 
To her surprise, Charli managed to find them. 
Looking at her intently, she sighed, “This is all I can do. Your father… is still a mystery.” 
Elisa’s gaze flickered. “Not entirely. Will gave me some leads.” 
“What kind of leads?” 
Elisa’s eyelashes flickered. “He gave me my father’s whereabouts for the past two years and my uncle’s interactions with various doctors.” 
Charli’s expression immediately changed. “I bet they consulted many doctors! Perhaps we can discover something there!” 
Elisa nodded. “I need your help with that.” 
“Don’t worry about it! You’ve got the names. It shouldn’t be too hard!”
Elisa laughed. “Don’t count your chickens before they’re hatched. Norman is a sly old fox. He probably didn’t ask them about any details. He could piece the information together from each doctor. Since it was just a general consultation, I doubt they could remember his questions.” 
Charli’s brows were locked together, but she shook her head. “It’s likely, but I’m sure one of them would know the entire story. Give me the names; I’ll look into it.” 
Elisa nodded and sent the name list to her. 
After reading it, Charli was surprised she couldn’t recognize any of the names.
###chapter891
Chapter 891
Chapter 891 A Mad Dog 
Charli sighed in exasperation. “Indeed. He might likely lie to you for money. You would have fallen into his trap if you believed him.” 
Elisa smiled. “Forget it. Let’s leave it for now. I’ll have to take it slow for this.” 
She had never seen her mother. Though she had a strong urge to know about her, she had other matters to attend to. Hence, she planned to find out the truth altogether. 
Charli nodded. “Okay. It’s getting late. I’m heading back now. Take a good rest.” 
Elisa got up with her and sent her off. 
When she returned, she looked intently at the photographs. 
… 
The next day, Nicole had lunch with her friend, Veronica Newman, in a private room. 
Nicole was rather deep in her thoughts. She held her cutlery but didn’t eat anything. 
Seeing how distracted she was, Veronica asked, “What’s wrong?” 
Nicole returned to her senses and replied, “Nothing.” 
She also put down her fork and looked at Nicole. “Nothing? I don’t believe you!” 
Veronica wore a crimson dress and put on some makeup. Even after dolling up, her beauty was no match for Nicole. 
Nicole’s gaze flickered. I’ve been thinking about the problem alone. It’s time to brainstorm with others.
With that thought in mind, she started the conversation with a statement. “I met Linda yesterday.” 
“Linda? Why are you meeting her?” 
Linda’s reputation had completely turned sour at that point. 
Hence, Veronica was baffled upon hearing that. 
“She sought me out first.” With that, Nicole took a sip of juice from her glass. 
“What for? That woman has gone bonkers. She’s not asking you to do something for her, is she? You mustn’t agree!” 
“No?” she asked hesitantly. But the evidence… 
In other areas, Nicole was an independent woman who didn’t need to seek another person’s advice. She was pretty opinionated herself and could achieve great results on her own.
###chapter892
Chapter 892
Chapter 892 She’s Incredible! 
“Is it serious?” 
Nicole raised her head slowly and looked at Veronica coolly. “Wickam Group’s private and confidential information got leaked. How serious do you think it is?” 
“Good grief!” Veronica exclaimed. “Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan, isn’t she?” 
She’s incredibly talented! 
With Nicole around, she didn’t dare to say it out loud. 
Black-Eyed Susan had been her idol. She had been impressed by her hacking skills. 
Veronica understood the reason behind Nicole’s silence and said, “Since you have already made sure of that. How could you allow that, seeing how long you’ve carried a torch for Gareth?” She felt slightly speechless before continuing, “I’m quite skeptical that Elisa would fool Gareth – he’s such a sharp and smart person! Could he be using this to lure the mastermind out?” 
Nicole’s brows were tightly locked into a frown. With an austere expression, she said, “I think he’s been quite lenient with Elisa because of his feelings. But Elisa is cunning and will bite the hand that feeds her without a second thought.” 
“Err…” Veronica was at a loss for words, feeling conflicted. 
A moment later, she said, “If that’s the case, you need to stop her! I know you’ve already given up on Gareth and even given him your blessings because you want the best for him. Since that woman is up to no good, you can’t allow any harm to Gareth!”
Nicole looked convinced by her. Knowing that this was what she wanted to hear, Veronica continued, “Also, your giving up is not helping Gareth. Didn’t you want to protect him? This is your chance! Since he can’t discern the truth, you should help him with that!” 
Nicole looked troubled. “Would he… think that I’m overstepping the boundaries? What if I got the wrong information?” 
“Err…” Varonica was at a loss for words, faaling conflictad. 
A momant latar, sha said, “If that’s tha casa, you naad to stop har! I know you’va alraady givan up on Garath and avan givan him your blassings bacausa you want tha bast for him. Sinca that woman is up to no good, you can’t allow any harm to Garath!” 
Nicola lookad convincad by har. Knowing that this was what sha wantad to haar, Varonica continuad, “Also, your giving up is not halping Garath. Didn’t you want to protact him? This is your chanca! Sinca ha can’t discarn tha truth, you should halp him with that!” 
Nicola lookad troublad. “Would ha… think that I’m ovarstapping tha boundarias? What if I got tha wrong information?” 
Veronica’s gaze flickered. A-ha! I knew she wanted to hear this. I’ll follow her lead. 
“You already asked your apt sources to check it out. How could it be wrong?” 
Nicole remained silent. 
Knowing that she had hit the nail on the head, Veronica continued, “I know you are worried he might think of you badly. You could slowly feed him information on Elisa’s wickedness. In that case, he’ll appreciate it. Otherwise, all the work you’ve put in will be wasted!”
Nicole pursed her lips. She didn’t say anything but didn’t look particularly pleased either. 
Veronica appraised her expression closely before speaking, “Oh, you’re the only one who could help him! You shouldn’t let Elisa’s plan succeed. You love Gareth so much; could you bear seeing him getting hurt? Now that their relationship hasn’t strengthened, you might stand a chance to get him back!”
###chapter893
Chapter 893 Help You, Of Course
Her words had convinced Nicole, who thought about it before replying, "I'll think about it."
Veronica knew it meant she had decided to do something about it.
However, she had no clue what Nicole was going to do.
Her phone suddenly rang.
Veronica shot a glance at it. It was Linda.
Hesitance flickered in her gaze, but she quickly retracted it and started eating.
Nicole took the call without any explanation. Before she could say anything, Linda asked, "You must have read my messages. I
wonder if you have verified them?"

Nicole replied calmly, "What do you want?"
"Help you, of course." Linda smiled, but Nicole's frown deepened.
Linda continued, "I'm sure you know my past. I have no chances with Gareth whatsoever. I just don't want Elisa to hurt him."
Nicole remained silent as though she was questioning Linda's intentions.
Nonetheless, Linda lost her patience and started speaking again. "I bet you already know whether what I told you is true, and
you also know my situation with Gareth. At three o'clock later, I'll wait for you at the same spot. If you don't show up, it means
you don't trust me, and there's no point in continuing this correspondence. But, if you trust me, we can talk further."
With that, Linda hung up without waiting for Nicole's answer.
The frown never ceased on Nicole's face as she placed her phone down and looked at Veronica. "You heard that – what do you
think?"

Veronica's gaze flickered as she gulped down the food in her mouth. "I feel that... she might be telling the truth. Linda once used
Gareth. Gareth must be an idiot to think highly of her."
Nicole remained silent.
Hence, Veronica continued to analyze the situation. "I think Linda doesn't get along with Elisa. To her, anyone can be with Gareth
except Elisa. She might find another person to do the same thing if you disagree. But I'm worried that this might be an extreme
plan of hers to use you and stop you from getting together with Gareth. She might be trying to ruin everyone's life."
"She doesn't have the guts," Nicole replied coolly.
Veronica nodded. "You're right. The Benett family is in a perilous situation now – they depend on Wickam Group for dear life. If
she makes you an enemy, it would be equivalent to making the entire Tabor family her enemy. It would be a great loss to them."
Nicole remained silent, but it was a tacit agreement.
Veronica smiled. "Since she doesn't dare to play any tricks, why don't you work with her? Should I accompany you to meet her in
the afternoon?"
Nicole nodded. "Sure."
"Let's tuck in. The dishes are getting cold." Veronica smiled.
###chapter894
Chapter 894
Chapter 894 Keep It to Yourself 
“Okay.” 
Both of them continued the meal. Veronica tried to find several topics for conversation, but Nicole was still distracted, only giving short replies. 
It seems like Nicole is going to do something about it after all. She has always been cool-headed and classy. Yet, because of a man… Alas, I guess this is life. 
They went shopping after the meal until they reached the said time. 
… 
Two days later, Elisa’s phone rang just when she was about to finish her morning work. 
Looking at the number, her gaze flickered before she picked it up. 
“Hello, Ms. Tabor.” 
“How do you know my number?” Nicole asked in surprise. 
Elisa ignored her question. “Is there anything I can help you with?” 
“Are you free for lunch later?” 
She looked vigilant as she wondered the reason behind that. Nevertheless, she agreed without asking any questions. “Sure.” 
“Good. I’ll send the address to you later. See you. 
Elisa agreed and hung up.
Soon, it was time for lunch, and Elisa went to the lunch spot set by Nicole. 
It was a high-end restaurant only the upper class would patronize; the average person wouldn’t have the budget. 
Hence, there weren’t many customers. 
Usually, businessmen would bring their work-related clients here for a discussion. It was a more appropriate setting for such occasions. 
Nicole was sitting in the open area when she spotted Elisa. She gave her a nod with a smile, which Elisa returned. 
I assume this is unrelated to work since she didn’t book a private room. 
As soon as Elisa sat down, Nicole gave her the menu. “What would you like?” she asked, smiling. 
“I’m fine with anything. You decide.” 
Elisa returned the menu to her, and Nicole accepted and ordered several dishes. 
After the waiter left, Nicole noticed Elisa had no intention of speaking. 
“It’s not about work. I want to talk to you today.” 
“I guessed.” Elisa nodded, but she didn’t ask any questions. Instead, she waited for Nicole to speak. 
Nicole was suddenly at a loss for words. Looking at the beautiful, intelligent woman before her, she suddenly didn’t know where to start. 
However, she became determined when she remembered Linda’s words.
The next moment, she smiled at Elisa’s indifferent expression. 
“How much longer is the project with Wickam Group? I’m looking forward to seeing the result.” 
She seemed to be impressed by Elisa, as though she was going to offer her some projects of Tabor Group. 
Nevertheless, Elisa knew very well that it was just a pretense. Hence, she wouldn’t divulge too much to Nicole, not knowing what she was planning. 
“I’m not quite sure,” she replied casually. In fact, it would be completed in two months, but this was confidential.
###chapter895
Chapter 895
Chapter 895 Unexpected Encounter 
Nicole didn’t care about Elisa’s work; she was just being polite and trying to find a topic. 
She nodded in reply. Judging by Elisa’s lukewarm response, she knew Elisa wanted to draw a line between them. They could never be friends. 
It was undeniable that being friends with each other would be awkward. 
Nicole liked Gareth for a long time, while Elisa was his ex-wife, who was still entangled with him. 
Nicole attempted to control the conflicted feelings within her as she spoke, “I just want to have a casual chat. I won’t pry into your work, so you don’t have to be so defensive.” 
Elisa arched her eyebrow upon hearing that. “I know you have always been quite clear between work and personal life, and I never intended to be defensive.” 
Elisa had no clue what Nicole was planning. Nevertheless, she never trusted her and put her guard up. 
Nicole heaved a sigh. “I would like to know more about your personal life, actually. What is the relationship between you and Gareth?” 
“He’s my boss, that’s all.” 
Since she wants to ask about my personal stuff, it must be related to Gareth. 
“That’s all?” she repeated after hearing Elisa’s crisp reply, as though she wanted to know more. It was different from her usual calm and collected demeanor. 
Elisa raised her chin and looked at her. “What else?” 
Her fair question rendered Nicole speechless.
In the next moment, she chuckled. “I’m sorry. It’s just that I like him a lot, so I can’t help myself.” 
Elisa gave a slight nod. It’s none of my business, though. 
Nicole clenched her right fist under the table before loosening it. Looking back at Elisa, she smiled, “It seems like Gareth’s grandmother likes you a lot. Has she been pushing for you guys to reconcile?” 
Though Nicole phrased it nonchalantly, her entire body was tense. Elisa smiled at her before replying, “Regarding Gareth and I…” She paused. “Your family business started in the media industry. Even though you guys have pivoted, you are still the leading force. I’m sure you know the truth behind the online rumors.” 
With that, she was implying that the rumors about Gareth sleeping with her and him having a high sex drive were falsely exaggerated. 
“Is that so?” Nicole laughed, not revealing if she trusted Elisa. It was unclear if her question was rhetorical. 
Regardless, Elisa had no intention of explaining herself. 
As Nicole was about to say something, the waiter brought the food. 
Elisa appraised her before saying, “There’s nothing to know here. I won’t go back to him after the divorce. You shouldn’t waste your effort on me. On top of that, everyone knows Old Mr. Wickam likes you a lot.” 
She felt the Twitter situation was somewhat ironic. 
Nicole gazed at her, unsure of a reply. 
As both parties fell silent, two men suddenly opened the door.
###chapter896
Chapter 896
Chapter 896 That Damned Woman! 
As Elisa was facing away from the door, she didn’t notice the newcomers. On the other hand, Nicole was also deep in her thoughts, so she wasn’t paying much attention to her surroundings. 
Neither noticed the two men who had just entered the restaurant, but the guys saw them immediately. 
Vincent was pleasantly surprised. He pointed at the girls and asked, “Look who’s here!” 
Gareth pursed his lips silently. I can see for myself. 
Vincent smiled. “Should we join them?” 
A frown appeared on Gareth’s face. It didn’t seem appropriate for him to interrupt their meal – he was generally well-mannered. 
Nevertheless, his reaction had betrayed him – he stood still as though he was waiting for Vincent to convince him otherwise. 
Vincent’s lips twitched irritably upon seeing that. He had no words for Gareth but immediately walked to Elisa and Nicole. 
“What a coincidence!” Vincent exclaimed loudly. 
Nicole raised her head to look at him but instantly noticed Gareth standing gracefully behind him. 
Her heart skipped a beat. He’s… here! Does he know my plans with Elisa? Or is he here to protect Elisa after learning about my meeting with Linda? 
When she saw him, she felt that she wasn’t the beautiful and intelligent person people usually regarded her as. She wanted to run away, yet she couldn’t bear to leave him.
Elisa recognized Vincent’s voice and turned around. When she saw Gareth walking alongside him, her eyebrows were slightly arched. “Coincidence?” 
Gareth stopped walking. That damned woman! I knew she wouldn’t have anything nice to say! 
Nicole was surprised to hear Elisa take that tone with Gareth. 
She shot a glance at Elisa before smiling at him. “Yeah, who would have thought?” 
Vincent laughed. “I know, right?” 
With that, he sat down beside her. 
“Since that’s the case, shall we eat together?” he asked as though they knew each other very well. 
Nicole did not reply to her. I don’t want to sit with him. 
Similarly, Elisa also frowned without any comments. 
Vincent waved to Gareth. “The ladies are here. It would be rude if you walked away right now. Come over! Their food has already arrived. You know I have a weak stomach – I can’t be hungry for too long.” 
He sounded like his stomach would malfunction if he didn’t eat at once, threatening Gareth to stay. 
Upon hearing that, the waiter quickly added two sets of cutleries and brought the remaining dishes. 
Looking at the food in front of them, he sighed happily. “Though it’s just the two of you, y’all sure order a lot. Do you know in advance that we will be here?” 
Nicole forced a smile at him. “Funny, Mr. Shane.”
She felt incredibly uncomfortable sitting beside him. She raised her head and looked at Gareth, sitting across her diagonally. 
However, he didn’t even look at all. She was heartbroken, but she couldn’t stop herself from loving him. 
Elisa took her cutlery and started eating. She liked none of the people here. 
Gareth followed suit, but his gaze turned colder when he noticed Elisa completely ignored him.
###chapter897
Chapter 897
Chapter 897 Don’t Call Me That! 
Vincent could tell that Gareth was about to lose it, so he quickly asked, “Why are you here? I don’t see much interaction between both of you beforehand. Are you going to discuss a new project together?” 
Nicole smiled. “If so, I would have booked a private room. I didn’t have a lot of opportunities to get to know Ms. Benett before this. In fact, I quite admire her.” 
Like Gareth, Nicole would eventually take over her family business, Tabor Group, which was on the same footing as Wickam Group. The way she said it made her seem superior and demeaning to Elisa. 
She merely ‘admired’ Elisa. It was different from liking Elisa and wanting to be friends with her. She was not a hypocrite; she just wanted to lift Elisa up and had the authority to do that because of her background. 
One couldn’t tell that she was putting Elisa down from the natural smile on her face. 
Nevertheless, Elisa smirked and ignored her. 
She no longer wanted to be with Gareth. They were nothing more than colleagues at that point. Hence, she was not concerned with Gareth’s romantic relationships, let alone Nicole’s feelings toward him. 
Vincent guffawed loudly. “Elisa, you are such a weird person,” he commented with ease. 
Elisa looked at him in confusion. “Weird?” 
“Yeah. Look at you – after you divorced Gareth, you were revealed to be the famous Iris, stealing my limelight.” 
Elisa frowned, but Vincent snorted and continued, “That’s not all. Then, you appeared as Wisteria to spite me. Do you really want to destroy my pride?”
Nicole froze after hearing that. “Wisteria?” 
Vincent huffed angrily, “Yeah! Didn’t you know? She’s Wisteria!” 
Elisa’s brows were tightly knitted together. “Aren’t you hungry?” 
“Yes, but I’m also annoyed that I keep losing to you! When would you teach me, master? How should I address you? Master Iris, Master Wisteria, or Master Susan?” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa’s frown deepened while Nicole blanched. 
He’s doing this on purpose to support Elisa! 
Because of Nicole’s lofty and disparaging remark just now, he revealed all of Elisa’s hidden identities. 
The most tremendous difference was her family background, yet Elisa was multi-talented. 
Nicole was reluctant to concede defeat. Elisa might be capable, but I bet she can’t manage a company well. No matter how impressive her proposal is, it’s just luck! Gareth and I belong together – we’re from the same world! 
Nicole looked at Gareth, only to realize he had eyes on Elisa. 
She clenched her fists under the table but quickly let them go for fear of being discovered. 
This feeling is the worst! 
Elisa glanced at Vincent before saying, “Eat your food.” 
“Yes, master!” 
“Don’t call me that!” She frowned. Other people get assistants, but I get this annoying fellow instead!
###chapter898
Chapter 898
Chapter 898 What She Wanted 
Vincent was dumbfounded. 
Gareth’s dark face seemed to ease slightly at that moment. 
He picked up his cutlery and continued eating silently. 
When Nicole saw that he wasn’t saying anything, her heart had an indescribable feeling of scorn. It hadn’t been easy for her to eat with Gareth, but she never thought it would be because of Elisa. 
But she had never been the type of woman with trivial thoughts. She had managed the company systematically for so many years. At the very least, she wouldn’t reveal anything at this time. She smiled lightly and said, “Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth’s gaze fell on her. 
He didn’t say anything and was waiting for her to go on. 
Nicole paused before she smiled and said, “You’ve been working with Ms. Benett recently, Mr. Wickam. Can you spare some time and come to Tabor Group for a partnership? Lately, there are two great projects that we need you to look over, Mr. Wickam.” 
Gareth glanced at Elisa at the side, who had no thoughts. Coldness streaked across his eyes. 
At the next moment, he nodded indifferently. “Sure.” 
Nicole was slightly surprised. She never thought Gareth would agree so quickly. It looked like Elisa wasn’t as important to Gareth as she thought. 
Nicole smiled and said, “What about later in the afternoon?”
In other words, they would be hanging with each other in the afternoon as well. 
It seemed like an innocent invitation for Gareth that Nicole deliberately asked in front of Elisa. 
Elisa ate quietly from the start until the end. She didn’t want to listen to anything unless it had something to do with her. 
The coldness in Gareth’s eyes grew. At the next moment, he said in a low voice, “Alright.” 
Nicole was elated, but she just smiled. “Great.” 
She didn’t express any excitement. Even if everyone knew she liked Gareth, she didn’t want to pressure him. Otherwise, Gareth would only choose to distance himself from her. This wasn’t what she wanted. 
The four clearly had their own thoughts, but the air was harmonious. Everyone ate quietly and naturally ignored the cold air emanating from that one person. 
For the rest of the meal, no one said anything. Nicole cleverly chose to say nothing. 
Elisa didn’t want to talk to them. As for Vincent… 
He wanted to say something but was hinted to by Gareth a few times not to. He could only stay silent in his frustration. 
As for Gareth, he didn’t want to say anything from the start until the end. Furthermore, he was once again angered by Elisa’s disinterest and lack of attention. 
After they finished eating, Elisa had no intention of staying. She looked at everyone calmly, “Since you have work matters to deal with, I’ll be leaving now.” 
Nicole smiled and nodded. “Alright.”
She was only happy to see Elisa go. 
Vincent raised his brows and looked at Elisa. “Do you mean to leave by yourself? We can leave together since we’re all returning to the office.” 
“I drove here. You should have driven too.” Elisa turned him down without hesitation. 
Vincent glanced at the silent Gareth and couldn’t help but sneer silently. At the same time, he looked at Elisa. “We didn’t drive. Our driver sent us, and he might still be on the road. I don’t want to wait for him. You can send us.” 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Nicole’s eyes flashed slightly. At this time, if she offered to drive them, she would come off as being overly aggressive. But she would seem too ignorant of social cues if she didn’t.
###chapter899
Chapter 899
Chapter 899 Did He Drive? 
After a moment's pause, Nicole thought of something and smiled. "Why don't you take my car? I'll go with Ms. Benett. After all, I need to go to Wickam Group." 
Vincent was dumbfounded. 
This woman is good! 
That way, she will stop Gareth and Elisa from being together. It will also make her seem less aggressive and annoying. 
Then again, it might not be what Gareth wants. Her suggestion may have displeased him. 
Vincent glanced at Gareth and saw the man's grimacing dark face. 
"Haha, we can't do that. Let me get the driver to pick us up." 
Nicole was floored. 
Vincent wasn't being very nice to her. 
But she knew that Gareth… didn't like it. 
Many times, Vincent would say things on Gareth's behalf. 
Nicole smiled. "Alright." 
She and Gareth didn't have much of a relationship, so she should step back if she was turned down after offering once. 
Even if she was unwilling to, she had no other way.
Elisa didn't say anything. She smiled and nodded at Nicole as a polite gesture before leaving. 
But. 
She had to go to the underground parking lot to get out of there. 
After a moment's pause, Nicole thought of something and smiled. "Why don't you take my car? I'll go with Ms. Benett. After all, I need to go to Wickam Group." 
Elisa and Nicole's cars were there, so they had to head in the same direction. 
As for the two men, just as Vincent said, they didn't drive. 
Vincent looked at the two women who had left. He turned to look at the man with a dark expression at his side, and with a half-smile, he said, "What should we do? Get someone to pick us up?" 
Gareth hadn't informed Thomas. It sufficed to say that he didn't plan on getting picked up. 
But now, everything wasn't as simple as he thought. 
Elisa didn't want to give him a ride. 
Nicole wanted to, but Gareth didn't want to get into her car. 
Ah. The conflicts of humankind. 
When Vincent thought about it, the corners of his lips couldn't help but curve. He liked seeing Gareth with a dark expression in a situation like this. 
Before Vincent could consider it further, Gareth went to the underground parking lot.
Vincent was instantly delighted, but he pretended to be clueless. He said, "Hey, I said that our cars aren't there, and Elisa doesn't want to give us a ride. Are you going to get into Nicole's car?" 
As expected, Gareth had no intention of entertaining Vincent and started picking up his footsteps. 
Not long after, they caught up with Elisa. 
Elisa looked at the man beside her, and her brows furrowed slightly. She had walked alongside Nicole, but Gareth was already by her side. 
Did he drive? 
Elisa didn't want to utter a word. 
A complicated expression flickered across Nicole's face, and she took a breath. She restrained her negative emotions and pretended not to care instead. 
Elisa's car was slightly further away from Nicole's. Nicole stood next to her car and smiled. "This is my car." 
Elisa nodded slightly. "See you next time." 
Nicole smiled elegantly. "Alright." 
She stood alone as Elisa made her way toward her car. 
Gareth followed behind Elisa without hesitation, not batting an eye at Nicole. 
Vincent smiled at Nicole. "Ms. Tabor, see you when I see you." 
Nicole's figure stiffened slightly, but she smiled and nodded. "Alright."
She didn't know what else to say. Upon seeing the three of them leave together, Nicole took another breath. 
Did he drive? 
Elisa looked at the man beside her, and her brows furrowed slightly. She had walked alongside Nicole, but Gareth was already by her side.
###chapter900
Chapter 900
Chapter 900 As Long as She Wasn’t Involved 
There would come a day when Gareth would stand beside her and give her everything instead. 
No one would take her place! 
With such thoughts, Nicole looked down and got into her car. 
Not long after, Elisa reached her car. 
When she walked to the driver's seat, Vincent suddenly ran over and opened the door. 
He smiled at Elisa. "Let me drive! How can I let you drive while hitching a ride from you? Leave it to me!" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
When did she agree to give them a ride? 
But Vincent didn't give Elisa a chance to say anything. He immediately got into the driver's seat. 
Elisa's brows wrinkled slightly, and she walked to the backseat. 
But she never thought that Gareth would walk to the other side of the backseat and get into the car. 
Elisa frowned. She went to the backseat because it was closer to the driver's seat. She hadn't planned on walking to the other side of the passenger's seat. Furthermore, Gareth was on that side at the time. 
But now… 
She felt indescribably jittery and irritable. She was on the verge of booting the man. Since he'll work with Nicole, why didn't he get a ride from her? Why is he harassing me instead?
Vincent started the engine and sped off. He passed Nicole's car shortly. 
He glanced at the Bentley behind him through the rearview mirror before looking at Elisa in the backseat. She had her eyes shut. "Why did Nicole ask you out today?" 
Elisa kept her eyes shut and didn't plan on opening them. She answered with ease, "Just for a chat. She didn't say much." 
"Didn't say much?" Vincent was astonished. "This woman has a motive behind every move. She's been managing Tabor Group for the past few years and has the best business tips and tricks. She will never waste her time on someone that doesn't benefit her. Why would Nicole meet you without good reason?" 
Elisa's lashes trembled slightly. Yes. Vincent is right. Nicole isn't the type of person who wastes her time on someone without cause. 
How could she not know what Nicole's intentions were? But Nicole might not necessarily believe her if she said too much, and she didn't want to waste her time. 
Elisa opened her eyes and saw that Vincent was still waiting for her reply. Her lips twitched. "Why else do you think she came looking for me?" 
Her indifferent tone acted like a spark that set Gareth's heart ablaze with rage. 
Her indifferent tone acted like a spark that set Gareth's heart ablaze with rage. 
He turned and looked coldly at Elisa, but it was as though she didn't see it. She shut her eyes again and spoke to Gareth distantly. "I've always admired your swift and decisive reactions as well as business tips and tricks, Mr. Wickam. But please manage your personal life well. Don't involve other people." 
What she meant was clear. She didn't want Gareth constantly disturbing her and tried to draw a line between them. What he and Nicole did had nothing to do with her, as long as she wasn't involved!
Gareth laughed in his rage at Elisa's words. 
Vincent was stupefied. 
How vicious! 
He couldn't say anything now. 
Gareth's sharp gaze fell on Elisa's delicate face. He noticed she had shut her eyes and didn't want to speak to him. He raised his hand abruptly and cupped her lower jaw in his thick palm. The pain made Elisa open her eyes in an instant. She tried to back away, but there was nowhere to go. She furrowed her brows tightly and grabbed his arm, muttering irritably, "Gareth, what are you doing?!" Her indifferent tone acted like a spark that set Gareth's heart ablaze with rage.
###chapter901
Chapter 901
Chapter 901 Because You&aposre Not Fit to Be Human! 
Gareth's malicious gaze was directed at her. He said coldly, "Elisa Benett, can you think before you speak?" 
He was furious. 
Elisa furrowed her brows and looked at him, perplexed. "Am I wrong? Let go!" 
Gareth didn't let her go, but he didn't exert too much force. From how he saw it, the slight pain could make her sober so she would know what nonsense she spouted! 
Vincent had been chattering non-stop, but he wanted to drive silently now. 
Only the two of them were in the backseat. 
Gareth wanted to open the woman's chest to see if she still had a heart! 
Why is she always so ruthless! 
Gareth laughed in his rage. He ground his teeth and said, "Don't you know what's wrong? You're way off base!" 
"Who is way off base here?!" 
He kept interfering in her life now. It didn't matter how many times she told him. He disturbed her life in different ways. Does he really hate me? I've already let him go. Why does he keep pestering me? 
Gareth sneered coldly. "Elisa, if you've become more patient, you shouldn't say such stupid things!" 
She told him to manage his personal life well. When did he and Nicole have any type of relationship?
When did he interact with Nicole other than through necessary partnerships between the Wickam and Tabor families? 
Even if he did, he had never interacted with her in private alone! 
But why did Elisa keep pushing this onto him! 
He had always kept his hands clean. There was only one time that the d*mn woman had plotted against him. Otherwise, he would never have touched her! 
Elisa couldn't push him off. He still held on to her lower jaw, and she grew restless. "That's your affairs, and it has nothing to do with me. I'm just asking you to please stop disturbing me! Don't be too entangled with me, either. I already have messes of my own. I don't want to deal with the consequences of your love affair on the outside!" 
"Elisa! Benett!" Gareth's cold eyes were intertwined with endless rage! It was a conflicting presence, but there was a fiery coldness within him. 
Vincent saw that the two were close to quarreling, so he immediately said, "What the heck! Both of you! This isn't a big matter, alright?! Why are you arguing?!" 
But the two entirely ignored Vincent's presence. Instead, they looked coldly at each other. 
It seemed like Gareth would crush her lower jaw any second. 
Elisa grabbed his wrist tightly. Her delicate skin came into contact with his slightly cold wrist, but no warmth was generated. 
Elisa gritted her teeth. "Let go!" 
Gareth didn't let her go. In fact, he tightened his grip, and his cold voice rang in her ear.
"Elisa Benett, from today onwards, you'll find out what it means for me to disturb you. I'll show you since you're asking for it!" 
Elisa instantly looked furiously at him. "Why must you always be so extreme? Why can't we leave each other alone?!" 
Elisa's last words seemed to be from the heart. Gareth felt like his heart was pierced viciously in that split second. A sharp pain immediately spread all over his body. 
The next moment, he smiled callously, and his cold face was hazy. "Do you think I'll let that happen? With what you've done in the past, you'll never be a complete person for the rest of your life, Elisa Benett, because you're not fit to be human!" 
But the two entirely ignored Vincent's presence. Instead, they looked coldly at each other.
###chapter902
Chapter 902
Chapter 902 Incensed 
Vincent was dumbfounded! 
What the heck! Has this stupid man gone mad?! 
How can he say such things?! 
He already likes Elisa, but he's still stubborn and saying such nasty things! 
How can he do that! 
Elisa's expression seemed to have paled. She never imagined Gareth would say such things. The next moment, she couldn't help but laugh. "Yes. I'm not fit to be human. I know that, so I've kept my distance from you." 
Right now, she didn't want to say too much to Gareth. She felt indescribably irritated with the man. 
After what Gareth said, his complexion changed. It was as though he had spoken without thinking. 
At this moment, when he saw Elisa's expression, his thin lips pursed tightly. He turned away and didn't say a word. 
Vincent was still driving but couldn't stand the awkward air any longer. 
He coughed dryly and immediately smoothed things over for Gareth. "D*mn it! Why are the two of you arguing? How big of a deal is it? Gareth, you're a man. You never watch your words and don't mean what you say. I think there's something wrong with you." 
Vincent was dumbfounded! 
What the heck! Has this stupid man gone mad?!
Gareth furrowed his brows tightly and immediately looked at Vincent coldly. 
But Vincent didn't look in the rearview mirror. He had expected such a reaction from Gareth, so he didn't give Gareth a chance to meet his gaze. 
Elisa turned away and didn't say a word. It was as though nothing had happened, and she returned to normal. 
Vincent had a monologue of sorts for the next couple of minutes. He kept speaking to break the ice, but Gareth and Elisa didn't answer him at all. He felt exhausted and awkward. 
In the end, he gave up and stopped talking. 
When they reached their destination, he was the first to get out of the car after he gave Elisa the car keys. 
He didn't want to stay in the car any longer! 
The air outside was great! 
Once Elisa received the car keys, she left after Gareth got out of the car. 
Gareth stood on the spot and looked coldly at Elisa's figure. 
Vincent wrinkled his brows tightly and looked at Gareth. "Everyone says Mr. Wickam is swift, decisive, and does everything with justifications, but did you think before you spoke?" 
"No." 
"Huh?!" Vincent seemed to laugh in his rage. Astonishment was entangled in his eyes. "You didn't think about it?"
"No." 
"Huh?!" Vincent seemed to laugh in his rage. Astonishment was entangled in his eyes. "You didn't think about it?" 
Gareth didn't say anything, and he walked ahead. 
Vincent walked to him exasperatedly. "Gareth Wickam! What do I have to say to you? You clearly like and want to pursue her but insist on being hostile. Are you trying to force her away, or are you trying to give yourself no way out?!" 
In an instant, Gareth's face turned frosty. He looked at Vincent icily and warned him, "I don't want to hear such things again." 
What Gareth implied was clear. He meant to say that he didn't like Elisa. No matter how often Vincent said it, Gareth didn't like her. 
Vincent was dumbstruck. 
D*mn! 
Do I have nothing to do but meddle in Gareth's business? But this stupid man is my best friend! If I don't intervene, who will? 
No. This won't do. I have to call Jeremy later and tell him how idiotic Gareth was! 
Vincent was incensed! 
"No."
"Huh?!" Vincent seemed to laugh in his rage. Astonishment was entangled in his eyes. "You didn't think about it?"
###chapter903
Chapter 903
Chapter 903 Cursing 
I should let that idiot be! 
I give up! Vincent had given up on advising Gareth! 
Nicole arrived. 
Her brows furrowed slightly when she saw Vincent cursing. 
Did something unpleasant happen just now? 
She didn't say anything and greeted Vincent. Vincent turned and saw that she had arrived in a short time. He smiled at her but said nothing as he walked to the office. 
Nicole restrained her complicated thoughts and walked to Gareth's office. Everything looked normal. 
There was a new wave of discussions because of Nicole's appearance. 
Wickam Group and Tabor Group were always connected, and the two heads were well-matched. They were of appropriate ages and were a perfect match. They were well-suited candidates for each other. Everyone knew how Nicole felt for Gareth, but what about Gareth…? 
No one understood Gareth. Everyone didn't know if he cared for Elisa. But if he didn't, then why did he sleep with Elisa that night? 
Now… 
Everyone felt that Gareth and Elisa had an ambiguous relationship, but no one dared to discuss it. It was as though everyone had telepathy. No one said anything, but they reached a consensus. 
I give up! Vincent had given up on advising Gareth!
… 
At Benett Residence, Linda didn't go to work today because it was Rose's birthday. 
In the name of love for his wife, Norman went home early. 
But… 
It didn't feel like the three were celebrating a birthday at home. Linda bought a cake for Rose for the sake of it. She couldn't help but say miserably, "Even if we don't make a big deal of your birthday every year, it has always felt lively at home. But it's so lonely this year." 
Rose sighed. Seeing how Linda pursed her lips unhappily, Rose said in frustration, "Times are bad. We can only restrain ourselves. Furthermore, it's just a birthday and not that meaningful. We must think of a way to eliminate Elisa now." 
"We must." Linda couldn't help but sneer. "Right now, I don't understand. Is the mastermind having some trouble that she can't deal with Elisa now? Everything she does clearly goes smoothly and easily. But when it comes to Elisa, she seems to have all sorts of reservations. But why does she need me to work with Nicole if she could arrange an assassination?" 
… 
Rose frowned. "Although she has the power, her ability must be limited. Elisa must have affected her somehow. It would only disturb what she's doing if she's too obvious about it." 
Linda's expression immediately turned nasty. "What other secrets does Elisa have? And who on earth is the person behind the scenes? Does Elisa know her?" 
Rose didn't say anything because she couldn't be sure.
Norman said darkly, "Does it matter if she knows Elisa? How does it affect us?" 
His heart hurt immensely when he thought of how his expenditure of two billion had come to nothing because Elisa had deceived him. 
This d*mn sly wench! 
After a pause, he looked at Linda. "Did she only ask you to lead Nicole astray now? Did she ask you to do anything else?" 
Linda shook her head. "No. She said that she would inform me of the next steps. Perhaps she will tell me to do other things once Nicole is done." 
Rose frowned. "Although she has the power, her ability must be limited. Elisa must have affected her somehow. It would only disturb what she's doing if she's too obvious about it."
###chapter904
Chapter 904
Chapter 904 There&aposs Someone Else in the Backseat? 
"If you're available, take some time to ask her carefully about her full plan. Otherwise, it would be disadvantageous if we only carry out her plans when she tells us about them." 
"I want to, and I've asked about it, but the person told me not to ask too much. She said we shouldn't know what we don't need to know because it will end badly if we know too much!" Linda was slightly sulky. Elisa hadn't been eliminated, and the mastermind had such a big temper. Linda felt very annoyed. 
"Never mind. Let's take it one step at a time. But we can't sit around and wait for instructions either. We need to have our own plans," Rose said after pondering for a moment. 
Linda's lips twitched. She didn't want to say anything. It was Rose's birthday, and some things shouldn't be said. 
… 
Three days passed. 
At the moment, it was almost time to get off work in the afternoon. 
Elisa's cell phone suddenly rang. She answered the call when she saw that it was from Charli. 
"Liz, are you free after work?" 
"What's up, Charli?" 
Elisa knew that Charli wouldn't look for her for no reason. Charli wouldn't want to take up her time. 
"I've met with the doctors. I feel like you can meet with one and ask him personally." 
Elisa was calm and immediately answered, "Alright. What time?"
"I'll meet you at the entrance of Wickam Group. We're on the way there." 
"Okay." 
After the call ended, Elisa immediately walked out once it was time to leave work. 
At that moment, Gareth and Thomas had walked out. When Gareth saw Elisa's figure, his gaze followed her unconsciously. Soon, he saw her get into the backseat of a Porsche. 
With one glance, Thomas said softly, "That should be Charli's car." 
Gareth pursed his lips. After a moment's pause, he said indifferently, "Is there someone else in the backseat?" 
Thomas was dumbstruck. 
Mr. Wickam has excellent eyesight. He can see from so far away. 
But he vaguely saw the person too. It seemed to be… a man? 
After a moment's pause, he said softly, "Perhaps someone needs Ms. Benett's help with a lawsuit recently?" 
Upon seeing Gareth silent, Thomas immediately said, "It's a possibility." 
Gareth didn't say anything. He turned and left. 
He glanced at Thomas. Even if he didn't say anything, Thomas understood immediately. Mr. Wickam wanted him to investigate who Elisa was meeting with. 
Gareth clearly cared about Elisa but always acted like he didn't. At times, it was pretty frustrating to see as an onlooker.
In the car, Charli didn't drive away. She sat in the driver's seat while Elisa and the doctor were in the back seat. There was a medication list in Elisa's hands. 
The man had a regular expression as he sized Elisa up. He said softly, "It was like this back then. The medicine Mr. Nelson asked for was similar to supplements like these." 
Elisa sneered. "That's all? Nothing else?" 
The doctor nodded immediately. "That's all." 
In an ordinary situation, doctors would usually forget after some time had passed. 
But the doctors Charli found had come into contact with Norman. Then… with Norman's identity, how could the doctors forget?
###chapter905
Chapter 905
Chapter 905 How Could She Not Get Angry?! 
This doctor had always been a sweet-talker. Before he knew Norman, he was an ordinary doctor. But he had risen rapidly and became third-in-command at the hospital. It was a great blessing to him. 
Of course, he would remember a person like that. 
Elisa said softly, "When he asked for these medications, what else did he ask you?" 
The doctor wrinkled his brows, seemingly unhappy. "This is Mr. Benett's privacy. I'm not at liberty to tell you." 
The hospital he was now working at was under Norman. 
He naturally had to obey his boss' decisions and protect his boss' interests. He didn't know about some issues but wouldn't talk about them even if he did. 
Elisa nodded indifferently. "Mm. You can choose not to tell me." 
The doctor's eyes flashed, and he felt slightly frantic. But at the next moment, he calmed down. So what if she knows that something is fishy? 
An average person wouldn't know about the medications and their dosage. 
What can she do without definite evidence? 
The doctor's spirits recovered when he thought about it. He said calmly, "I can't tell you anything if you're still asking about this. If there's nothing else, I'm going to leave. There are many things I have to do at the hospital."
This doctor had always been a sweet-talker. Before he knew Norman, he was an ordinary doctor. But he had risen rapidly and became third-in-command at the hospital. It was a great blessing to him. 
He had an indifferent expression, and his demeanor was more forceful than it had been. He had nothing to worry about when he thought about how it would never be discovered. 
Elisa sized him up nonchalantly. "It's good to be the third-in-command, but your qualifications are mediocre. If you don't brush up on your pharmacology, you'll be eliminated sooner or later since you have no one to help you. Do you believe me?" 
The doctor's expression changed slightly. "What do you mean by that? Are you cursing me?" 
After that, he felt that he couldn't seem weak. He said in a low voice, "You're a lawyer, Ms. Benett. You know more about the law than a regular person like myself." 
It was as though… he was going to sue her. 
Elisa said indifferently, "With your medication list, I can make you hit rock bottom for the rest of your life. Do you believe me?" 
"You… What do you mean by that?!" 
The doctor's face was dark, but he was feeling distraught. 
Dr. Wright couldn't quite control his expression! 
Elisa held the list tightly in her hands. She was trembling slightly out of rage, but she restrained herself. 
When Charli had asked Elisa out, Elisa hadn't thought much of it. She hadn't listened when Charli explained to her as she looked at the list because she understood it!
She also knew full well her father's physical condition! 
She had found out about the medications back then. How could she not get angry when the main culprit was before her? 
She was already exerting great effort to stay so calm. 
At that moment, the doctor realized something wasn't right and started panicking. 
Elisa took a breath and didn't say anything. 
Charli turned and looked at the doctor. She said coldly, "Mr. Wright, I know that as someone who takes orders, you sometimes have no other way. But do you know what kind of punishment you'll get for killing someone?" 
Dr. Wright couldn't quite control his expression! 
He had been terrified when he did it back then, but now…! 
Elisa held the list tightly in her hands. She was trembling slightly out of rage, but she restrained herself.
###chapter906
Chapter 906
Chapter 906 Tear to Pieces! 
The next moment, he immediately said in a low voice, "The medications on this list were used to improve Mr. Nelson's health back then. These are common medications. On what grounds can you say that I killed someone? Don't think you can slander others because you work in law. I can take you to court! I believe the law is just and won't revolve around you because you're Iris!" 
Dr. Wright's voice was rage-filled, but he was forcefully hiding his guilty conscience. 
Elisa was so enraged that her hands were trembling. She couldn't tear the primary offender to pieces even though he was right before her! 
Elisa restrained her emotions and didn't say anything. Charli was afraid Elisa would be too emotional, so she looked at Dr. Wright and said in a low voice, "Since I've traced it back to you, are you really innocent, Dr. Wright? You may be able to enjoy your later years if you talk to us on your own accord, but if you continue to…!" 
The man was in his fifties. He was a doctor, knew how to take care of himself, and hadn't been in much trouble for the past few years, so he looked like he was in his forties. 
Charli didn't go on. It seemed like she was giving him a chance to consider, but how could Dr. Wright admit to anything? He said quietly, "Let me advise you to find out what's happening. I'm not sure what anyone's death has to do with me. Who is the person you're talking about?" 
Elisa suddenly laughed, and her voice was exceptionally light. 
Dr. Wright's heart instantly shivered, but he dared not say anything. 
Not long after, he heard Elisa's soft voice. "What do you think, Dr. Wright?"
She only asked as such. She didn't intend to say anything else. 
But such a question made Dr. Wright's heart tremble uncontrollably. 
Elisa stared at him. When she saw that he couldn't sit still, she continued, "I know you won't admit to anything, no matter what. But you have to know, it's enough to prove that I have all the evidence since I traced it to you. It's just a matter of time now. If you admit it, it'll save everyone trouble, and I can make your sentence lighter. But I will ensure you get put to death if you don't say anything!" 
Her voice was exceptionally icy. Even Charli could feel that Elisa was livid and was about to erupt at any time. 
Her father had always been her Achilles' heel. She had been distressed since he passed away. 
On top of the conflict with Gareth, Liz had held it in until now. Charli felt that Liz was outstanding! 
Charli sighed. 
Dr. Wright wrinkled his brows tightly. "I don't know what you're talking about! Until now, I don't know what you mean by killing someone! Mr. Nelson and I had a regular doctor and patient relationship, but you're saying I killed someone. No one would be able to accept it after hearing it!" 
He snorted coldly after that. "Don't disturb me anymore in the future. I don't have the time to hear you spouting nonsense." 
He only said as such before he reached out to open the car door. 
But Elisa's icy voice rang out. "Norman is now helpless, and he can't protect you. If I continue investigating, he will make you the scapegoat. I hope you'll be prepared for this if you remain stubborn." 
Dr. Wright's hand froze mid-air. It hadn't reached the door.
Her father had always been her Achilles' heel. She had been distressed since he passed away.
###chapter907
Chapter 907
Chapter 907 I Will Never Wrongly Accuse a Good Person 
His pause spoke volumes. 
Of course, what it revealed didn't matter to Elisa because Charli had told her about what had happened. No matter how Dr. Wright tried to hide it, it was useless. 
At that moment, Dr. Wright was afraid and anxious. He wasn't in a rush to leave the car any longer. He turned and looked at Elisa. "What on earth do you mean? Do you think I killed someone just from this medication list? I've practiced medicine for many years, always seen my patients, and saved people. I've never harmed anyone! But here you are, with a list from somewhere, and you're trying to pin this on me? Furthermore, what's wrong with this list?" 
He hadn't given Elisa the list. 
Elisa sneered. "Didn't you just admit that you gave him these medications?" 
Dr. Wright wrinkled his brows tightly and said icily, "I gave him a list, but it's been some time. I can't remember the specifics. What are you trying to pin on me?" 
Although he had a guilty conscience, he had been alive for decades and had more life experience than Elisa. He could still hold his ground. 
Elisa nodded. "Alright. Since you don't want to admit anything, you can leave." 
Dr. Wright was startled. What does she mean? 
Doesn't she want to get to the bottom of it and make me confess? 
Is she letting me go?
She was inadvertently alerting the enemy by looking for him. 
She must have had other proof to catch Mr. Benett. 
Elisa was a lawyer and might be carrying audio recorders at all times. Did Elisa find loopholes in what I said? Are one or two sentences from me enough? 
At that moment, Dr. Wright's expression changed! 
Lawyers knew how to exploit a loophole best! 
He immediately said, "Let me repeat myself. I have nothing to hide. Don't use a list to slander me! And don't push the blame onto Mr. Benett!" 
Elisa sneered. This time, she didn't look Dr. Wright in the eye as she spoke coldly. "You may leave." 
Dr. Wright was dumbfounded. 
He felt he was done for, but he didn't know how. It was mainly because it was hard to figure out Elisa's emotions. It made him unbelievably restless. 
Charli naturally prioritized Elisa's wishes. She looked at Dr. Wright, "Didn't you say you have something to do, Dr. Wright? Why haven't you gotten out of the car yet? Don't tell me you have a guilty conscience?" 
Dr. Wright's expression changed. "Nonsense! Why would I have a guilty conscience if it has nothing to do with me? I have so many things to do! But I won't allow you to push the blame onto me!" 
Elisa looked at him meaningfully. "Don't worry. I will never wrongly accuse a good person of doing something they never did."
The corners of Elisa's lips curved. At that moment, she was like the devil. Her frosty voice was like an evil spirit from purgatory. 
She enunciated each word. "I will make those who did it suffer!" 
In an instant, Dr. Wright felt a chill in his spine! 
His forehead sweated profusely! 
But… 
He couldn't stay here any longer. Otherwise, he would only reveal more! 
He didn't say anything this time and opened the car door hurriedly. However, he had to try to open the door a few times out of nervousness before he got out of the car. 
Dr. Wright's expression changed. "Nonsense! Why would I have a guilty conscience if it has nothing to do with me? I have so many things to do! But I won't allow you to push the blame onto me!"
###chapter908
Chapter 908
Chapter 908 Why Is It This Wench Again? 
In the car, Charli turned to look at Elisa. "Liz, what do you plan on doing next?" 
Elisa stared at the figure of Dr. Wright, who was leaving in a hurry. She said thoughtfully, "Since there are traces, I must continue investigating. Charli, I will deal with what's next by myself." 
Charli immediately disagreed. "But how are you going to handle it all by yourself?" 
Elisa smiled. "It's just my father's side. You can let it go temporarily, Charli. But I still need your help for my mother's side." 
Charli nodded. "Alright. If you need me to do anything for your father's side, let me know any time." 
Elisa nodded, and Charli said nothing else as she started the engine. 
There was a different scene on another end. 
Once Dr. Wright returned home, he called Norman in a panic. 
Norman was still eating. He frowned when he saw that Dr. Wright was calling him. 
"Why is Douglas Wright calling me?" 
Rose was giving Linda food, and she looked at Norman in confusion. "Douglas Wright? Who is he?" 
Linda also furrowed her brows. The two seemed to have forgotten about such a person. 
Norman didn't say anything, and he answered the call. Before he could say anything, he heard Douglas' panicked voice. 
"Something happened, Mr. Benett!"
He wouldn't have dared to disturb Norman if nothing had happened. 
Norman's face sank. "Did something happen at the hospital?" 
But he felt that it wasn't right after he said it. The hospital director would naturally have called him if something had happened at the hospital, not Douglas. 
At the next moment, his expression darkened. "What are you saying?" 
"It's Elisa Benett. Elisa came looking for me today!" 
Norman's expression changed abruptly. Douglas couldn't help but say, "It's Elisa. She came with a list today. It was the medication I gave you back then. I…" 
"Wait! Come to my house now and tell me." 
Norman was afraid Douglas would continue, so he ended the call. 
Rose's expression turned nasty. "What did Elisa find out?" 
Norman gritted his teeth. "Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan, and she might be listening in on our phone calls at any moment. I don't have the nerve to talk about it on the phone." 
Rose's brows furrowed tightly. She didn't say a word. 
Linda gritted her teeth. "Why is it this wench again?" 
Elisa kept haunting them. When can she just die? 
Linda didn't have the heart to torture Elisa any longer. She just wanted Elisa to die! 
But!
Elisa was like an invincible cockroach. Nothing happened to her, regardless of what they did. Why was this the case? 
"Let's eat," Norman said with a dark expression. He held his utensils tightly and finished the food on his plate. 
Linda had lost her appetite and put her cutlery down. Rose took another two bites and couldn't eat anymore. 
Douglas arrived shortly. Rose was cleaning the kitchen when she saw him reach. Rose washed her hands and undid her apron at once. How would she be in the mood to continue cleaning the kitchen? 
Norman shut the door and looked at him coldly. "What on earth happened?" 
Douglas' face was slightly pale. "Mr. Benett, I wouldn't have had the nerve to call and disturb you if I had any alternative!" 
"Tell me, quick. What happened?" Linda stared at him closely. She seemed to have an impression of him as she looked at his round face. 
Linda gritted her teeth. "Why is it this wench again?"
###chapter909
Chapter 909
Chapter 909 Doomed 
Douglas took a breath and immediately told them what had happened. Norman and his family had dirty expressions. 
At the next moment, Linda said, "Elisa is sharp, and she's the best at looking for loopholes. Are you sure there was nothing wrong with what you said?" 
Douglas' expression changed. "I…" 
Norman and his family immediately set their gaze on Douglas. 
Norman said in a low voice, "Did you say something?" 
"No!" Douglas retorted at once in fright, but he realized his voice was slightly loud. He immediately explained, "I don't think I did. I kept saying that I didn't know anything and that the items on the list were for health purposes. And their interpretation of the list isn't final. After a long time, no one would remember it." 
Rose furrowed her brows. "That's right. If you remember, you would seem too calculated, making people investigate further." 
Linda had an awful expression. "Is it really about whether it's calculated? Elisa has placed the suspicion firmly on us. She must have some evidence if she found you. Did she tell you anything?" 
Douglas shook his head. "With her demeanor, I can't be sure. It seems like she hasn't found much, only a weak connection to me. It's as though she probed and threatened me to make me tell her the truth." 
When he said it, he suddenly thought of what Elisa had said.
Elisa had said that if the matter were revealed, Norman would make him the scapegoat. If that time came, he would be doomed. 
In an instant, Douglas felt a chill in his spine. 
"No. Elisa is confident with every step she takes. She must have found some substantial evidence. And by looking for you today, she might have also discovered something from your words." Rose analyzed while she frowned. 
Linda's expression paled. "How can that be?! What we did back then was secret! How could she know about it?!" 
No one said anything after she spoke. 
Douglas felt that his forehead was covered in sweat. He raised his hand subconsciously to wipe it. 
He was afraid of different things than Norman. 
He was afraid that Norman would make him the scapegoat. 
But they couldn't look for Elisa rashly either. Otherwise, she would find more traces. 
"No. It's impossible. We were so secretive back then. Even if Elisa wanted to investigate, there would be no traces. Moreover, only we knew about Nelson's allergies. He feared someone outside would frame him, so he didn't tell anyone. Elisa doesn't know about this," Linda said with gritted teeth. 
This was why they had dared to put Norman's medicine in the drawer. 
No one said anything. 
Douglas was worried. He was terrified and questioned whether he should have told Mr. Benett about it.
As he was nervous, Norman suddenly said in a low voice, "It looks like we should prepare for this. It's good to get ready for unexpected situations." 
"That's right." Rose agreed strongly. 
Douglas' figure stiffened. 
Are they going to get ready by making me a scapegoat? 
When Douglas thought about it, Norman suddenly turned and looked at him. 
But they couldn't look for Elisa rashly either. Otherwise, she would find more traces.
###chapter910
Chapter 910
Chapter 910 Continue Investigating 
"Douglas." 
Douglas' figure shivered instantly. He turned and looked at Norman. "Mr. Benett…" 
He panicked! 
Norman said softly, "Go to work as usual during this time but don't go anywhere unnecessarily. Don't interact with Elisa either. Don't answer or reply if she calls or sends you messages. Don't give her any opportunity to exploit you." 
Douglas let out a breath and nodded at one. "Alright. I understand." 
The night darkened. 
Gareth was at home alone as he worked. He had copious amounts of work every day. 
He suddenly received a text message, and he opened it. 
Thomas: 'Mr. Wickam, I learned that the person is a doctor in a Benett Corporation hospital. His name is Douglas Wright, and he's the third-in-command at the hospital. Norman singlehandedly selected him for a promotion, and the two used to be in contact.' 
Gareth narrowed his eyes. 
Gareth: 'How many times?' 
Thomas: 'Just a few, but they lost touch after Ms. Benett's father passed away.' 
Gareth's eyes froze slightly.
He knew Elisa had always been investigating her father's matter. 
But now, this doctor was suddenly involved. 
Thomas: 'Alright.' 
Gareth put down his cell phone, and his brows were tightly wrinkled. He thought about everything Elisa was doing. 
She wanted to seize Benett Corporation and find her father's actual cause of death. 
She wanted to do many things, but nothing with him. 
The frostiness in Gareth's eyes grew, and his thin lips were tightly pursed into a straight line. 
… 
At Tabor Residence, Nicole had just returned home and saw her grandfather sitting on the couch in the living room. She went to greet him. "Grandpa." 
Old Mr. Tabor saw Nicole and smiled as he nodded. "Nic, follow me to the study room." 
Nicole didn't know what her grandfather wanted, but she nodded and followed. 
Once the door was shut, Old Mr. Tabor gazed at Nicole and sighed lightly. "Let me ask you. Must you be with Gareth?" 
Nicole was startled. She didn't understand why Grandpa would suddenly say such things. She didn't answer directly and asked, "Grandpa, why… Why do you ask?" 
Didn't Grandpa support me and Gareth together? So, what is he doing now?
His brows furrowed tightly end he replied. 
Old Mr. Tabor looked at Nicole and said in exasperation. "Gareth has other things on his mind. I would be delighted if you got married. Only endless benefits would come from a marriage between the Wickam and Tabor families, but now… You know Gareth's situation, and you're my only granddaughter. How can I bear to see you aggrieved if you marry him?" 
Old Mr. Tabor looked at Nicole and said in exasperation. "Gareth has other things on his mind. I would be delighted if you got married. Only endless benefits would come from a marriage between the Wickam and Tabor families, but now… You know Gareth's situation, and you're my only granddaughter. How can I bear to see you aggrieved if you marry him?" 
Nicole was very loved by the Tabor family. Old Mr. Tabor only had one son, which was Nicole's father. It so happened that Nicole's father only had one daughter, Nicole. 
Who else was there to love? They treated her like a princess. Furthermore, she would inherit everything of the Tabor family. She had been groomed since she was young, so Old Mr. Tabor was at ease to pass the company to Nicole. 
Furthermore, his son was still around, and everything was going well except for the relationship between Nicole and Gareth. 
If she considered Gareth, they had to get married as soon as possible. If she didn't, Nicole should be getting married either way because she wasn't young. 
Nicole saw Grandpa's distressed gaze and she shook her head subconsciously. "No, Grandpa. It's not like that." 
Old Mr. Tabor looked at Nicole and said in exasperation. "Gareth has other things on his mind. I would be delighted if you got married. Only endless benefits would come from a marriage between the Wickam
and Tabor families, but now… You know Gareth's situation, and you're my only granddaughter. How can I bear to see you aggrieved if you marry him?"
###chapter911
Chapter 911
Chapter 911 He&aposs the Only One! 
Nicole stared at Old Mr. Tabor and said, "Grandpa, I was born in the Tabor family. It goes without saying that I can't make decisions about my marriage. Since young, I knew that my future marriage must benefit our family. But now, I'm glad that I like Gareth. This way, I can marry for love and help our family prosper." 
Her voice was firm, and her gaze at Old Mr. Wickam was intertwined with sincerity. 
Old Mr. Wickam was startled. "Nic…" 
He couldn't help but sigh. "I know, and I can see the advantages of this, but you must know that Gareth used to be married." 
"I don't mind." 
"I mean, did Elisa ever warm his heart? She sacrificed three years and didn't receive anything in return. They used to be childhood friends. Can't you see how cold Gareth is?" 
"It's because they have old grievances," Nicole immediately said. "Gareth has never liked Elisa. Elisa was the one who did everything of her own accord. She even schemed with her dad to marry Gareth by force. Gareth got married in a passive state. Everything they displayed publicly was a fa?ade. You can tell that they're not a loving couple." 
Old Mr. Tabor shook his head. "Silly girl. He didn't like her in the past, but have you seen Elisa's transformation after their divorce?" 
Nicole's expression changed slightly. There was a split second's pain in her heart.
In the past, she had never thought others were excellent because she knew she had many outstanding qualities. 
She didn't feel superior to others. It was because her family could always provide her with the best. She didn't envy others at all because there was nothing to envy. 
But… Gareth was an exception. 
She envied Elisa the most because Elisa used to be with Gareth. Elisa could even tug at Gareth's heartstrings now! 
Old Mr. Tabor naturally could see the emotion stirring in Nicole's eyes, and he sighed in exasperation. "Everyone can tell that Gareth already has feelings for Elisa. I even went to find out about it. Nic, I really hope that you can let this go." 
Nicole's expression changed, and she immediately shook her head. "No, Grandpa! This is my only conviction. If it isn't Gareth, I won't marry anyone for the rest of my life. He's the most outstanding man I've ever seen. No one else comes close." 
"There are many good men in the world. Gareth isn't the only one." 
"There are many good men in the world. Gareth isn't the only one." 
Nicole laughed tauntingly. "Do you mean Will Darcey from Darcey Group? The person he likes is Elisa." 
Because only Gareth is in my heart! He's the only one! 
Anyone else is out of the question! 
"You… you're going to infuriate me to my death! Harry lost his father in his teens and has been working hard alone all these years. He's not at all inferior to Gareth!" 
###chapter912
Chapter 912
Chapter 912 Different Attitudes 
"I know, but no matter how excellent others are, I feel like Gareth is the most exceptional." 
Old Mr. Tabor was dumbstruck. 
He was about to faint. He was so enraged he didn't want to say a word. 
Nicole looked at him earnestly. "Grandpa, I hope that you can support me. Currently, a marriage between the Tabor and Wickam families is the best. Moreover, I like Gareth so much. You really don't have to worry about me. I believe Gareth will like me sooner or later!" 
Old Mr. Tabor snorted coldly. "Elisa must have thought the same back then!" 
Nicole immediately retorted, "That's different. Elisa threatened and plotted against him. I'm not!" 
"Never mind. I'm not going to say anything else. Listen to what I say and calm down. Don't act rashly!" 
Nicole was startled. When she saw her grandfather's exasperated expression, she was slightly astonished. "Grandpa, what do you mean by that?" 
"Don't you think I know about your meeting with Linda?" Old Mr. Tabor frowned. "That woman is irreconcilable enemies with Elisa. She's eager for someone to deal with Elisa. Don't ever get tricked by her!" 
Nicole's expression changed slightly. She never thought that her grandfather would know about it. Ultimately, she said softly, "Grandpa, I've grown up, and I know what I need to do. Moreover, since you've let go and passed the company to me, it proves that you approve of my abilities. I won't really do what Linda said. I only met with her to see what tricks she's trying to pull."
Nicole's expression changed slightly. She never thought that her grandfather would know about it. Ultimately, she said softly, "Grandpa, I've grown up, and I know what I need to do. Moreover, since you've let go and passed the company to me, it proves that you approve of my abilities. I won't really do what Linda said. I only met with her to see what tricks she's trying to pull." 
Old Mr. Tabor still had faith in his granddaughter's shrewdness. He nodded. "Mm. You've always had your reasons for doing things. Of course, I believe in you." 
Nicole nodded and talked to Old Mr. Tabor about other things before she left. 
As for Gareth, her thoughts about him grew more resolute. I will never let anyone take my man away! 
… 
For the next month, Wickam Group's development progress quickened, and the project ended. 
No one thought that a project that was expected to finish in three months would be completed by Wickam Group in two months. 
In the past month, Elisa went to work early and returned home late. There was often friction between her and Gareth, but their rapport was pretty good because of work. 
And throughout it all, Will didn't disturb Elisa. He knew to stop when he was ahead. 
And Linda kept thinking of ways for Nicole to make her move, but after talking to her grandfather, Nicole seemed to feel more assured. 
Although she kept thinking about Gareth, she hadn't reached a stage where she wanted to make a move. She was still observing. 
Once the project ended, its operations could finally begin!
As for Elisa, her work at Wickam Group finally ended. She could return to Benett Corporation! 
Today was her first official day back at work. There was a high-level meeting regarding Elisa's project, so she was naturally present. 
As the chairman's daughter, Linda might have to take over Benett Corporation in the future, so she naturally attended the meeting as well. 
This time, the two cousins sat together but had different attitudes. 
When Linda saw Elisa, she wanted to crush and gobble Elisa up! 
Linda felt her patience quickly expanding since she could restrain herself and sit with Elisa.
###chapter913
Chapter 913
Chapter 913 How Can I Allow That to Happen! 
At that moment, everyone had arrived. Norman glanced at everyone, and his gaze landed on Elisa. He gritted his teeth. He loathed her and had similar thoughts about her as Linda. 
When Norman thought about the two billion he had spent on Elisa, he was so incensed that he wanted to swallow Elisa whole! 
But he couldn't do anything at this time. He didn't dare do anything to offend Elisa too much. Black-Eyed Susan's reputation was no joke! 
"The main purpose of this meeting is about your partnership with Wickam Group, Liz. Since the project has been completed in two months, I hope you can tell everyone about the particulars." 
James looked at Elisa beamingly. It wasn't the time to praise her. Still, he wanted to compliment her for her excellence so that everyone could see how outstanding the old chairman's daughter was. In contrast, the current chairman's daughter was… 
Elisa nodded in agreement. "Alright. I have a few points to talk about regarding the partnership with Wickam Group." 
After that, Elisa explained the specifics of that period, the partnership project, and the progress of the work. 
Many things happened recently at Wickam Group. Everyone would have asked around. They realized that Elisa had done or led many things herself. It sufficed to say how talented Elisa was. 
Everyone had a better opinion of her. James and his people had always been supporting Elisa. They felt they had made the right choice when they saw how excellent she was.
As for those on Norman's side… At that moment, some had started to sway. They felt that the upcoming situation would be worse. They were even considering switching to James' side… 
But… would James and the rest accept new people? 
It would be a tricky problem. 
When Norman listened to Elisa, the uneasiness in his heart grew for some reason. Even if Wickam Group could bring about enormous interests after the partnership, however! 
These benefits made him uneasy! 
Once Elisa finished, he praised her accordingly. How could he be rude to her in public? 
Norman smiled. "You're young and promising, Liz. You did great this time and brought such amazing benefits to our company. You should be commended, but the project has just ended, and it never began officially in the first place. Therefore, the plan to promote you has to be postponed a little, so it won't get people talking." 
Elisa had concluded everything so beautifully. It was only fitting that she should be promoted with an increment. Otherwise, people would be talking about Norman. 
Linda clenched her fists beneath the table, but she kept a smile on her face. She was livid. If Elisa keeps getting promoted, we'll be on the same rank! 
How can I allow that to happen?! 
No! 
I have to find a way to eliminate this woman before the Wickam Group project makes profits!
James laughed out loud. "Yes. Among the girls of the younger generation, Liz is the most outstanding. She was responsible for such a huge project and even wrote an exquisite proposal. The student has become the master. Haha!" 
Jessie nodded in agreement. "The old chairman was exceptionally skillful, but I never thought Liz would surprise us endlessly! It's such a blessing for the company to have you."
###chapter914
Chapter 914
Chapter 914 Elisa Knows About It! 
Jessie had always had a forceful personality, but since she said such a thing, it was enough to prove how magnificent Elisa was! 
As Jessie spoke, Norman and his people had nasty expressions! 
Jessie is criticizing me in public! 
If Nelson was exceptional, does that make me incompetent? 
What if Nelson was skillful? He ended up dead in the end! 
Norman snorted coldly in silence. It's fine. I'm not going to argue with the losing side. Nelson has died, but they're still admiring him and holding fast to his camp. What a joke! 
Do they think they're all that because of Elisa? Elisa is a woman at the end of the day! What use is she?! 
The more Norman thought about it, the more confident he grew. He even started to plot how to get rid of these people! 
After the meeting ended, Linda wasn't in the mood to talk to Elisa. She didn't want to agitate Elisa right now because if she did, she felt the wench would upset her. 
But… 
Before Linda could get up, Elisa turned and looked at her. Elisa said calmly, "Linda, I must report certain things to you. Is this a convenient time?" 
Everyone smiled silently.
Eliso turned ond glonced ot Lindo. A smile wos in the corner of Eliso's lips, ond the irony in her eyes become more prominent. 
There were many people around, and it was about work. Linda couldn't help but silently curse Elisa and her family. 
Linda put on a cheerful smile on her face. "Sure. I'm free. Follow me to my office." 
Elisa nodded and didn't say anything. 
Norman looked at the two of them, and unease streaked across his heart. 
But someone said deliberately with a smile, "You're so blessed, Mr. Benett. Your daughter is outstanding, and your niece is excellent. Seeing the two Benett ladies walking together is a beautiful scene in our company! They look so harmonious. You must have nothing to worry about! After all, the old chairman left at a young age. Both of them are essentially your daughters." 
Irritation flickered across Norman's eyes. He glanced at the man speaking and smiled. "Yes. It's my honor to have two daughters like these. Haha." 
Everyone smiled silently. 
Elisa turned and glanced at Linda. A smile was in the corner of Elisa's lips, and the irony in her eyes became more prominent. 
Linda's eyes dimmed. She didn't say anything as she quickened her footsteps. 
Soon, the two arrived at Linda's office. 
Linda looked at Elisa indifferently. "Report what you need to."
Elisa handed Linda some material with a meaningful smile on the corners of her lips. "This material is quite important. I hope you look at it carefully, Linda. I feel like it's a project that can be implemented after I've observed and verified it. Our competitors have been thoughtless, and it's easy to attack them. Let me know what you think, Linda." 
Linda's brows furrowed. She didn't know why Elisa was saying something peculiar. She didn't say anything and picked up the material. 
She looked at it restlessly at first. 
But…! 
When she read the words, her expression changed! It wasn't serious company material, as claimed by Elisa. 
Elisa Benett! 
She…! 
The material Elisa gave Linda wasn't about the company. It was what Linda had been communicating with others and the situations she had been in! 
Elisa knows about it! 
This wench is threatening me, so I won't contact the mastermind! 
Elisa really found out that there was someone behind the scenes!
###chapter915
Chapter 915
Chapter 915 Are You Preparing to Make Your Move? 
In an instant, Linda panicked. 
Although Elisa had brought it up before, she was ambiguous and just probing, so Linda hadn't taken it to heart. 
But this time was different! 
Elisa had explicitly given her the material! 
Linda couldn't care about anything else. She immediately called the mysterious person. 
Of course, Linda didn't have a direct way to contact her. Linda would call, and it would be disconnected before an unknown number would contact Linda. 
When her cell phone rang, she didn't care about anything else and immediately answered. 
Before the other party could say anything, Linda said, "Elisa suddenly looked for me just now. She knows someone is helping me behind the scenes and even found some of your tracks. What should I do?" 
The girly voice snorted. The next moment, the mysterious person said indifferently, "With Elisa's abilities, it's normal for Elisa to find out some information. You don't have to panic." 
Linda frowned. Why do I still feel nervous? 
She felt that this mysterious person wasn't all that great… 
Elisa was excellent now. She had too many strange abilities and could make Will and Gareth revolve around her. Linda was distraught now. She would be in trouble if she missed the opportunity to eliminate Elisa!
She started to regret not getting rid of Elisa with Norman back then. She was left with a disaster! 
"But…," Linda couldn't help but say. 
She didn't know what else to say. The other party clearly didn't have the patience to listen to Linda. The ice-cold girly voice rang. "Just report it to me if anything happens in the future. You don't have to overthink it this time." 
After that, the other party ended the call. The person didn't have much patience to spend on Linda. 
Linda had an unpleasant expression. This person has been rude to me a few times. This time, she ended the call at will and was impolite. Isn't this person worried that I won't play along later? 
… 
At the moment, Elisa was in her office. 
But she wasn't working as usual. 
The partnership with Wickam Group had ended, and all the projects had launched their operations. Profits were right before their eyes, and her power had naturally increased. What came next was her promotion. 
If she didn't progress at this promotion and only progressed at a later stage, there would be many obstacles. 
This time, she wanted the shares she had previously given Norman. 
Also, another thing was…! 
Elisa's gaze grew colder. She picked up her cell phone and called Charli.
Charli answered quickly. 
"What's up, Iris?" 
"Charli, I have to trouble you to help me investigate something." 
"Sure. Tell me. I'm free now." 
Elisa smiled and told her about it. 
Charli was instantly astonished. "Are you preparing to make your move?" 
There was a smile on the corner of Elisa's lips. "The partnership with Wickam Group this time is the start of my operations. As a result, everything is advancing." 
"And next…" 
There was resolve intertwined in her gaze. 
"What are you going to do next?" 
Charli was baffled but more curious and surprised. 
Elisa smiled and deliberately kept Charli in the dark. "You'll find out later, Charli." 
The corners of Charli's mouth twitched. "… I was prepared to hear all about your preparations!"
###chapter916
Chapter 916
Chapter 916 No Different 
Elisa smiled and didn't elaborate. "Please look forward to it." 
"Alright. I'll wait for your good news." 
Elisa smiled. "Okay." 
Their call ended. 
After that, Elisa called Will. 
Will answered the call quickly. "You've finally thought of calling me." 
Elisa smiled. "There's a ready-made partnership. Do you want to work together?" 
Will was slightly surprised. His last partnership project with Benett Corporation was still temporarily shelved. He thought Elisa would delay it and never imagined she would have a new project. 
Elisa's lips twitched. "Mm. By the way, I owe you a proposal that I promised you. It's time for me to honor it." 
Will was slightly surprised. "Should we have dinner together?" 
"Sure. Is it convenient for you to pick me up, Mr. Darcey?" 
Will was taken aback. "It'll be my honor." 
Elisa smiled. "You're unconventional, Mr. Darcey, and you always do things differently. Can you make more of a commotion when you pick me up today?"
"Oh?" Will was astonished. "I always have to be careful when I pick you up. I never thought you would want to make our relationship public this time." 
"No. It's mutually beneficial. I'll ensure that you'll like this proposal. The prerequisite is that you make a scene so that it'll be easier for us to work together in the future, Mr. Darcey." 
"No. It's mutually beneficial. I'll ensure that you'll like this proposal. The prerequisite is that you make a scene so that it'll be easier for us to work together in the future, Mr. Darcey." 
Elisa made it clear. It had to cause a sensation so their future partnership could go smoothly. 
Will didn't care about her motives. Elisa knew that he wanted to be involved with her currently. 
So, this was mutually beneficial. 
Will sighed in exasperation. Elisa always had to make things clear. 
But… he happened to like her that way. 
At the next moment, he smiled and said, "Alright. Wait for me later." 
His last words had significant meaning. 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. She didn't intend to say anything else. "Alright. I'm going to work now." 
Will smiled gently. "Okay." 
Elisa ended the call, and her gaze fell on her computer. Her expression was resolute as she looked at the blueprint on the screen. 
Time passed.
Benett Corporation was in a commotion before it was time to leave work! 
The company group chat was discussing Elisa and Will fervently! 
Employees couldn't help but look downstairs, regardless of if they sat by the window. 
The entrance of Benett Corporation! 
It was covered in a freaking sea of flowers! 
This scene was no different than what Mr. Wickam did back then! 
Even the media started to appear in succession. They stood far away and dared not to ruin the sea of flowers. Their cameras never stopped, and they kept recording. At the same time, someone couldn't hold back and was speaking into a microphone, building suspense and chattering. 
Viewers before the screen were frantic. Someone had started a live stream, and there were new comments, one after the other. He was just a passerby and turned on a live stream for fun, but he never thought it would be so popular that he could earn money as a live streamer. But, of course, that was a later story. 
As for Benett Corporation employees, they had no mood to work at that moment! 
Such a handsome man was downstairs and had covered the ground with a sea of flowers. They wanted to witness the public declaration!
###chapter917
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 917
Chapter 917 More Sincere? 
Everyone in the office couldn’t help but start discussing it fervently.“Why is Mr. Darcey doing this…? If he wants to pursue Liz, he can use other ways. Furthermore, Mr. Darcey has such high EQ and has experienced so much. He naturally knows what girls like best, so why is he doing this?” 
“Perhaps he did it deliberately to compare who is more sincere?” 
“Hmm…? Why doesn’t it seem that way…” 
At the moment, even Elisa didn’t know that Will would do such a thing.The company employees were still discussing. Online viewers were also typing out comments one at a time. 
XX: ‘I feel like time is passing so slowly! Too slow! Why haven’t Benett Corporation employees gotten off work? Furthermore, Elisa is an insider. It doesn’t matter if she leaves work earlier, does it?’ 
XX: ‘The company should be organized. What would it look like if she came out now? If she doesn’t do her job well, many people will start talking about her.’ 
XX: ‘That might not necessarily be the case. She’s not coming out deliberately, and Will’s waiting for her in the cold. Isn’t she doing this to show everyone that many men like her? She’s clearly showing off. Is Elisa so senseless? What does she mean by doing this?’ 
XX: ‘Why must you speak in such a way? Can’t you just keep quiet? Liz is working. Did she force Mr. Darcey to pursue her? Liz is excellent. Is it out of the ordinary for a few men to pursue her? Why? Are you jealous? Are you as capable as Liz if you envy her? What’s the point of being a keyboard warrior here?’ 
XX: ‘Why must you speak in such a way? Can’t you just keep quiet? Liz is working. Did she force Mr. Darcey to pursue her? Liz is excellent. Is it out of the ordinary for a few men to pursue her? Why? Are
you jealous? Are you as capable as Liz if you envy her? What’s the point of being a keyboard warrior here?’ 
XX: ‘Why? Can’t I speak the truth? If you don’t want me to say anything, then she shouldn’t do anything. What’s the point of this?’ 
After a moment, everyone started arguing.When the live streamer saw it, he exclaimed in surprise. He had started a live stream for fun and never thought that it would be so popular. He was… going to be famous!He immediately said, “Everyone, stop arguing, and don’t worry. I’m not too sure of the specifics now. Let’s wait and see.”What he said didn’t stop everyone. Instead, they started discussing more intensely.At the moment, Will was sitting in his car. He called Elisa.Elisa was working earnestly. She answered when she received the call. 
After that, she heard the other party’s voice.“How is it? How is today’s surprise?”Elisa was surprised. 
“Are you here?” 
“Hmm?” Will narrowed his eyes. 
“You don’t pay much attention to me. I should reprimand you.”Elisa was dumbfounded.After that, Will’s magnetic voice rang in her ears. “Stand by the window and take a look.”Elisa got up and walked to the window. She saw that the entrance had been transformed into a sea of flowers, and her eyes flickered. 
“What did you…?”She didn’t understand. Why are Will and Gareth the same?Or do they like doing the same things?Will smiled. 
“Do you feel I’m more sincere than Gareth when you see this?” 
Elisa was dumbstruck.Her lips twitched, and she didn’t say anything.Will said with a smile, “It’s not time to leave work yet. Do what you need to do, and I’ll wait for you here.”
###chapter918
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 918
Chapter 918 In Trouble 
Elisa glanced at her cell phone and said softly, “There are five minutes left.” 
“Mm.” If she left early, Norman’s people wouldn’t let it go. Five more minutes didn’t matter.At that moment, Linda was in Norman’s office and naturally saw the scene downstairs. She had also browsed the Internet, and she had a nasty expression. She glared at Norman. 
“Do you see how she’s going overboard? Other people came and made such a fuss at the entrance of our company because of her. If this gets out, doesn’t it make our company very unorganized? Do we just let other people do what they want…?” 
Norman had an unpleasant expression, and he didn’t say anything.Linda couldn’t help but speak with gritted teeth, “Furthermore! If they do such a thing at our company, they must discuss it with us beforehand! Did no one stop them?!” 
Norman had a horrible expression. He said coldly, “Do you think James and his people would stop them?” 
Linda was floored.She gritted her teeth, and the anger within her grew, but she couldn’t say anything. 
“I hate it! Elisa is getting more popular, and everyone thinks she has great prospects. How can I take it?!”Norman furrowed his brows, and his gaze was directed at Linda. “Why are you getting more impatient these days?”Norman furrowed his brows, and his gaze was directed at Linda. “Why are you getting more impatient these days?”Linda immediately looked at Norman. 
“I’m impatient? Dad, do you think this has anything to do with my impatience? Do you know how this will affect our company if this continues? Elisa has a motive for everything she’s doing now! She must be doing it deliberately! Perhaps she has some tricks this time to deal with us!”
Norman wasn’t too concerned. He said coldly, “That’s enough. It’s just her love life, which won’t affect us much. You don’t have to make a mountain out of a molehill.”“Me? Make a mountain out of a molehill?” 
Linda laughed in her rage. 
“At a glance, I know that Elisa has bad intentions. Although Will has pursued her for so long, he has never caused a commotion like this. He must have his reasons for doing this!”Norman frowned as he looked at his daughter’s impatient manner. He immediately said, “Look at yourself. Are you still who you used to be? Impatient, impulsive, and hasty with no plans. Is any of this worth praising?” 
Linda was furious. She instantly snarled, “Do I need your praises?” 
“What are you doing? Keep your voice down. Would it be good if rumors of us arguing spread?”Linda was anxious and enraged. Since they disagreed, she felt it was useless to say anything else to her father. She picked up her bag and walked out when she saw it was time to get off work.That’s right. Linda didn’t want to sit in the same car as her father today. She needed to calm down!Norman furrowed his brows tightly and ignored her as he let her walk out.…It was time to get off work.Everyone walked out, but… At the moment, the employees at the company’s entrance were like Wickam Group employees had been. They felt slightly awkward. The entryway was covered in roses, and they dared not step on it. If they offended Mr. Darcey, they would be in trouble. They couldn’t let that happen!But most people were curious.At that moment, Elisa was also walking out.
###chapter919
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 919
Chapter 919 Childhood Friends 
“She’s here, she’s here!” 
“Come quick! Elisa is walking out!” Everyone followed the gaze of the person speaking. When they saw Elisa walking out, everyone had complicated gazes.Some admired her, some envied her, some wanted to see what was happening, and some were calm. But… most people felt Elisa was too lucky, but she didn’t know how to appreciate it.When Elisa married Gareth, everyone thought that she was blessed. 
When Elisa publicly announced that she was getting a divorce, everyone thought she didn’t appreciate how lucky she was. Elisa was so blessed but wanted a divorce. Was she ill?After she divorced, everyone felt that her life was just like that. Without the glow of being Mrs. Wickam, what else could she do?But…Who could have thought!She turned around and became a first-rate lawyer, Iris. 
She helped Will and made Gareth lose two hundred billion!Everyone discussed Elisa’s methods and her identity!Iris!The person who had always been particularly mysterious turned out to be Elisa!After that… she started to be in contact with Will, and he pursued her in public. 
Everyone felt that Elisa was so blessed. Even if she had divorced, such an outstanding man like Mr. Darcey wanted to be with her. This astonished many people!But everyone realized Elisa failed to live up to expectations and didn’t know how to appreciate it.After that, everyone discovered she was also connected to Carle Semoa of Semoa Group. He also seemed to be a passionate, wealthy son. 
Everyone thought that they could get together since they were childhood friends.But in the end…She was still alone! If she continued rejecting everyone, she might… not be able to find happiness. The men would never waste all their time on her. She would be happy for the rest of her life if she accepted one of the men.But if she didn’t… her pursuers might turn and leave.
That was an ordinary occurrence.Therefore, many said this about Elisa. She could only fend for herself if she didn’t appreciate how lucky she was. What was the point of others worrying for her if she didn’t do either? They should just let her be. 
As everyone stared at Elisa, they stepped aside for her individually.Since they couldn’t leave the company, they could only stand on one side and watch the show. It was the first time they were witnessing a commotion happen before them.At that moment, Linda had also come out. She was sulky and wanted to leave the company quickly!But!With the sea of flowers, she had nowhere to step. The ground was covered in flowers!Linda was flabbergasted!That wench!She wanted to leave in a rage, but this would only make others feel like she was unreasonable. She wanted to criticize Elisa, but they were in public. She was going mad!Why is Elisa everywhere these days? In real life, on Twitter, and on various media. It’s all Elisa. Elisa is everywhere!Ah! 
“Ms. Linda.” 
“Ms. Linda.”The crowd greeted her in succession. Linda took a deep breath and smiled forcedly at everyone before looking out.Elisa had requested Will for such a commotion, so she naturally had to play along.Moreover, with her current situation, there wasn’t anything she couldn’t do. 
Among everyone’s gaze, Will slowly walked to Elisa with a big bouquet of fresh red roses.
###chapter920
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 920
Chapter 920 Are All of You Fools? 
Today, Will wasn’t in his usual sapphire blue. He was in black instead. After being used to him in blue, he looked more charming today.Even if he was in black, everyone felt that Elisa’s knight in shining armor had arrived! 
The distinct contrast between the bright and fresh roses and his black outfit had everyone’s heart racing.Elisa’s eyes flashed slightly. She walked forward into the sea of flowers. Among the bright red, two figures slowly approached each other. 
Elisa took a few steps and stopped while Will approached her with roses.The media was frantically taking videos and pictures. Many wanted to rush over and interview them, but the ground was covered in roses. They didn’t dare to ruin it, so they could only comment on it excitedly from the side.There was a gentle smile in the corner of Will’s lips. 
“Liz, you came into my heart from the first time I saw you. But at the time, your focus wasn’t on me.” 
“After the first time we worked together, your excellent skills captivated me deeply. I wondered if I would regret not marrying such an excellent girl for the rest of my life.” 
“Ah!” 
“I’m so excited! Even though I’m not the female lead, I’m so moved that I can witness such a scene! Ms. Elisa, accept him, quick! Be with Mr. Darcey! He’s so amazing!”“Ah! Mr. Darcey, how can you confess to her like that? I really like you too!” 
“Ms. Elisa, quickly accept him! Accept him!”Everyone was excited, and some kept screaming. Still, the specifics couldn’t be heard because everyone was shouting simultaneously. There was still a rough idea to some extent. Elisa was stunned.She didn’t want to play this game.But he had now gone this far.
Elisa had to continue playing along.She opened her mouth and wanted to ask to leave, but Will said, “I know you might not want to date again right now, or you have some difficulties, but I’m willing to wait for you. Will you allow me to wait for you?” 
Will was smart today. Although he arranged such a scene, he didn’t explicitly say he wanted to pursue Elisa. Instead, he was asking her for a chance to wait for her.Settling for second best was the smartest way.Back then, when Gareth had arranged the sea of flowers for Elisa, it was just for show. He didn’t say anything to her and forcefully led her away. Elisa had been particularly appalled at the time. 
This time, what Will said wasn’t coercive, and he reflected her wishes. At the very least, it wouldn’t make Elisa uneasy.Elisa stood at the spot and stared at Will, not saying a word.While Will smiled and walked to her with the roses.He put the roses into her arms without waiting for her answer. Elisa took the flowers from him, and her gaze was serene.Elisa smiled. 
“Alright.” 
Everyone was shocked!“Ah! Did Elisa accept him?!” 
“It wasn’t acceptance. Elisa is allowing him to pursue her. She didn’t agree to be with him.” 
“Are you dumb? Giving him a chance proves she’s willing to be with him! Are all of you fools?”The crowd seemed more excited than the person involved, and they kept discussing it.As for the person involved…
###chapter921
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 921
Chapter 921 I Can&apost Take It Anymore! 
Will had a gentle smile on the corner of his lips. The eyes on his handsome face were filled with warmth as he looked at her. It was as though the world had stopped entirely at that moment, and she was the only person left. 
Elisa raised her eyes slightly and saw the deep affection in his eyes. This gaze made her heart tremble. She had previously seen it in Carle’s eyes more than once and was familiar with it. Will was a good actor.Will looked down at her. 
“Liz, I still have a long life left. I have a lot of time to slowly reach your heart. Thank you for giving me this chance.” 
Elisa’s brows fluttered slightly.“Ah! How romantic! Ah, Mr. Darcey is so handsome! I want to marry him! I really want to! I can’t take it anymore!” 
“Just bear with it. Mr. Darcey won’t look at you.” 
“Oh my god! They’re so romantic! When will I get my own knight in shining armor?”Will laughed. 
“Let’s have dinner?”Elisa nodded. Will didn’t take her into his arms forcefully like Gareth. 
After all, his purpose for giving her flowers today was clear. It was so that Elisa would give him a chance to protect her. He was courteous as a gentleman should be.The two walked out. Will opened the passenger seat door for her, and Elisa got into the car with the bouquet of flowers in her hands.It was only because it was troublesome to put them at the back seat.But… everyone’s expression was intertwined with excitement. 
“Look, Ms. Elisa sat in the passenger seat, but she’s still holding on to the flowers. Is she going to accept Mr. Darcey?”
“Since she’s agreed to allow Will to continue pursuing her, it suffices to say that Elisa is willing to be with him. It’s only sooner or later that the two will get together!” After Will and Elisa left the sea of flowers, the media rushed forward. They asked excitedly, “Mr. Darcey, when do you think Ms. Elisa will accept you?” 
“Mr. Darcey, how do you feel after progressing one step further today?” 
“Mr. Darcey, Ms. Elisa has accepted you by saying as such today, right? Are you together already?”Someone held out a microphone toward Will in the driver’s seat.Will wasn’t in a rush to leave at once. Since Elisa had given him a chance to cause a commotion, he was naturally willing to play along.He smiled and quickly answered, “I won’t stop moving forward. As for what happens later, I must see if Liz is willing.” 
“Ms. Elisa will accept you since you’re so sincere, Mr. Darcey. Ms. Elisa, when are you planning on accepting Mr. Darcey?”The door of the driver’s seat was open. Everyone could see Elisa’s reactions.Elisa didn’t answer the question. She looked at Will and said softly, “I’m hungry.” 
Will immediately smiled at everyone. “Everyone, we’re going to eat. She’s hungry.” 
‘She’s hungry.’Those two words weren’t a dismissal. Instead, he was… flaunting!Some girls in the media were about to go mad from envy. Someone held a microphone and said, “Oh my god! You pamper her too much, Mr. Darcey! 
”It wasn’t an excuse to leave. Mr. Darcey didn’t want his beloved to go hungry, so he couldn’t afford to wait another minute.At that moment, Mr. Darcey might get angry if anyone stopped him.If he got angry, everything was over.Everyone else was well aware, and no one dared to ask further. The media watched wide-eyed as Will drove away.
###chapter922
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 922
Chapter 922 I&aposll Always Be Around 
Many people were still discussing excitedly and were about to fall apart out of envy. When can I meet such a fantastic man?I would be happy with a man that is a tenth of Mr. Darcey. Just as everyone was discussing fervently, someone suddenly asked. 
“Hold on. They’ve left. With this sea of flowers, how will we go out?” In an instant, many people froze and stopped.They hadn’t left the company’s doors yet!This is the sea of flowers that Mr. Darcey decorated. Should we keep it the way it is? What should we do…?Someone subconsciously saw James, who had just walked out at that moment.There was a smile on the corners of James’ lips. He had clearly witnessed the scene. 
“Mr. Markee, how can we… come out?”James smiled. 
“Mr. Darcey’s people said it can be cleared away after they leave.”Everyone immediately sighed in relief.James waved at the staff nearby, and someone started to clear the roses.Linda stood not far away, and her heart was filled with contempt. James had approved for those people to cover the ground in flowers!Nelson is dead, but James is still supporting Nelson’s daughter. 
James should just die!Why can’t these people who go against me just die?! Can’t they get into an accident and die? At that moment, such a thought bloomed in her heart.On the other end, Will had been driving for some time.Elisa stared at the roses in her arms and was lost in thought.The two of them didn’t say anything.Will turned to look at her, and there was a smile on the corners of her lips. 
“Do you like roses?”Elisa came to her senses. 
“They’re alright.” She was just thinking about how Gareth had only given her roses once in so many years. And it was only to put on an act on that big occasion.She felt that it was ironic that Gareth did it after they divorced. Pfft.There was still a smile in the corner of Will’s lips.
“If you like them, I can give you roses daily.”“Don’t. They only look good at first. It’s sad when they wilt. 
“Will raised his brows. 
“Out with the old, in with the new.”There was a deeper meaning to what he said.Elisa raised her brows and said calmly, “Thanks for putting on a show and playing along today.”“A show?” There was a red light ahead. The vehicle stopped.Will turned and looked at Elisa seriously. 
“You may think it’s a show, but I meant everything today. The heavens can be my witness.”Elisa was dumbstruck.She looked at him and accidentally looked into his deeply affectionate eyes. Elisa looked away subconsciously. She didn’t dare to meet his gaze.She suddenly felt slightly regretful. 
Should I have asked Will to do what he did today?But she had made it clear that it was mutually beneficial. Most importantly, she knew that Will wanted to exploit her!She was currently allowing herself to be exploited. It was mutually beneficial, which was quite good!With such a mindset, she opened her mouth and wanted to clarify things. Before she could say anything, Will said, “Liz, I know that you might not have let go of your feelings for Gareth, or you may be focused on work and don’t want to talk about love. But like I told you, I will give you time to process everything. You can do so if you want to deal with the company independently. I will wait for you.”After a pause, he said gently, “I’ll always be around when you need me.”
###chapter923
Chapter 923
Chapter 923 New Identity 
Elisa's expression changed slightly. She didn't say a word. 
She really didn't want to discuss this situation and topic further. If she did, she would get upset at what came next. 
Will was still driving. 
He was the same as usual. The topic had come up, but he stopped and changed the direction of the conversation instead. It didn't make Elisa get sick of him. 
Soon, the two arrived at their destination. After they ordered food, it signaled the start of their official topic of conversation. 
Will didn't rush her. Elisa could talk about it when she wanted. This was the freedom he gave her. 
Will had such a personality. Although it burdened him, he could restrain himself with ease. He terrified everyone at the right moments, but now, he felt like a gentleman from an aristocratic family. 
He was handsome, gentle, and sincere. 
This naturally made girls like him, but… Will repeatedly tried and failed with Elisa. 
When all the dishes were served, and the servers had left, Elisa picked up her utensils and took a bite. The food tasted pretty good, so she continued eating. 
Will sat across from her. As he watched her eat quickly but elegantly, the smile on the corners of his lips deepened. "If we can be as peaceful as this in the future, wouldn't it be great?" 
He seemed to be sizing her up.
Will sat across from her. As he watched her eat quickly but elegantly, the smile on the corners of his lips deepened. "If we can be as peaceful as this in the future, wouldn't it be great?" 
Elisa's lips twitched. She didn't want to talk about that with him. Her gaze fell on him, and she said calmly, "Let's talk about today's partnership." 
Will raised his brows and smiled. "I'm all ears." 
This woman could always surprise him. He really wanted to know what the next surprise would be. 
Elisa said calmly, "Do you know who Rene Caovilla is?" 
Will smiled. "The most famous jewelry and fashion designer in the country. I've wanted to hire her a few times but never succeeded. How would I not know her?" 
Elisa nodded. "Would it be an appropriate compensation if Rene Caovilla worked with you to design a new collection of outfits, including jewelry?" 
Will's gaze froze slightly. The smile in the corners of his mouth also seemed to have frozen at the moment. He stared at her and didn't say a word. 
He seemed to be sizing her up. 
Will sat across from her. As he watched her eat quickly but elegantly, the smile on the corners of his lips deepened. "If we can be as peaceful as this in the future, wouldn't it be great?" 
Elisa naturally understood his gaze. Her lips twitched. 
Will restrained the smile in the corners of his mouth. He looked at her seriously and said, "It's really you." 
Elisa's lips twitched. "I'm sorry."
She seemed to apologize for rejecting him to work together in the past. 
Will was stunned. 
How many more surprises does she have for me? 
Will sighed. "Liz, how much more don't I know about you? Why don't you tell me everything now? I'm ready." 
Elisa's lips twitched. "You already know a lot." 
"A lot?" Will narrowed his eyes slightly. He pondered as he looked at her. 
It seems like there were still other things he didn't know. 
This woman was indeed an enigma. No one could understand or make her out. 
Why doesn't Gareth know how excellent she is? 
Elisa's gaze fell on Will, and she was calm. "I already have a tentative proposal on the specific designs. I'll send it to you later. As for the company's partnership…" 
Elisa narrowed her eyes, and her gaze was meaningful.
###chapter924
Chapter 924
Chapter 924 Gareth Is Jealous 
Will was rational, but he was still surprised. He was astonished by how outstanding Elisa was. 
He looked at her. At that moment, he didn't know what to say. 
If he was an outsider, he might have felt closer to her every time he discovered a new identity of hers, but now… 
He felt more distant from her every time she revealed a new identity. 
After all, she wasn't willing to talk about herself. It only created barriers. 
In the end, Will said softly, "Do you want me to take the initiative to look for Benett Corporation regarding company matters?" 
"No." Elisa looked at him and answered softly, "I will tell the company my identity on my own accord and that I want to work with Darcey Group. Furthermore, I plan on asking for my shares back. The partnership with you is a bargaining chip of sorts." 
To Will, it was an impressive partnership. Rene Caovilla's important identity spoke volumes. 
Will raised his brows, seeming to accept it gladly. "I'm naturally willing to do it. Even if I receive no benefits, I should serve my princess. Arrange as you see fit. No matter what happens, I'm here." 
'I'm here.' 
These two words. 
It gently tugged at Elisa's heartstrings.
Sometimes, when one was feeling strained, they would be unconsciously moved when they heard such things. 
Her brows fluttered slightly before she smiled and said, "Here's to working together." 
She raised her glass. Will also raised his glass, and the two lightly clinked their glasses together. The crisp sound of the glasses was delightful to the ears. It was like the beat of a victorious war drum. They were about to take triumphant steps. 
It could be said that they discussed everything pleasantly. 
But… there were endless rumors and whispers about them. 
At the same time, when a particular person saw the news on Twitter, his expression was extremely dim and cold. 
The entire office was shrouded in his gloomy air, and it started to spread to the rest of the company. 
Those working overtime at the company felt a chill on their spine at this time. It seemed like they were about to fall sick. Why did they feel unwell? 
Someone from senior management subconsciously raised his hand to his forehead, but it wasn't hot. 
At the moment, Thomas was in Gareth's office. When he saw that Gareth's malicious gaze was about to erupt, Thomas coughed lightly and said, "Mr. Wickam, should I get someone to get rid of the trending topics?" 
Gareth sneered. "No need! If she wants to play around so happily, let her be! What does it have to do with me?" 
Thomas was dumbstruck.
Of course, Elisa's matters had nothing to do with Gareth. She had explicitly stressed many times that they were divorced. But more importantly, Gareth was being peculiar. 
Although Gareth said he was indifferent and didn't care, he was about to turn the office into a freezer. 
But Thomas naturally wouldn't advise Gareth further since Gareth had said as such. Thomas nodded. "Alright." 
Currently, he only wanted to ask one question. Do you… have any other instructions?
###chapter925
Chapter 925
Chapter 925 Carefully Taking Pictures 
But he didn't dare ask. 
Gareth put his phone down coldly. 'Bang.' It was deafening. 
Mr. Wickam was rarely so irritable. 
He wouldn't usually throw things around to vent his anger unless… he was livid. 
Thomas scratched the tip of his nose. That's right. Mr. Wickam doesn't care. He slammed his phone down by accident. 
Thomas hung his head and decided to wait a while more. He could leave if Gareth didn't have further instructions. 
But… 
After a short while, he suddenly heard Gareth's frosty voice. "Get Elisa to come here right now. Make her solve the problems in the partnership project with Benett Corporation." 
Thomas was dumbstruck. 
He acknowledged the instruction and left. 
He could only summon his courage and call Elisa. But he was more eager to call Elisa than stay in Gareth's office. At the very least, Ms. Benett wasn't as fierce. 
The call went through quickly. 
Thomas immediately said, "Ms. Benett, I'm very sorry to disturb you. May I ask if you're free right now?"
"What's up?" Elisa's voice was very calm. Thomas didn't hear other voices on the other end. She seemed to be in a silent place. 
Thomas immediately said, "It's like this. Some problems have occurred in your partnership project with Wickam Group. There are also defects during the operations. Mr. Wickam instructed me to inform you to come and solve it now." 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. She wanted to cause a commotion, not for the sake of the Wickam family. Did he come to find fault with me after he saw the news, or is there really a problem? 
In the past, she would have thought that the former was impossible since Gareth had no interest in her. 
But now… Gareth wanted to take advantage of her and remarry her. He inevitably wouldn't want her to be with Will. 
Elisa couldn't be instantly sure, but the company's project was important. She couldn't tolerate a single mishap, so she answered. "Alright. I'll come over now." 
Thomas immediately sighed in relief. He was reassured with Ms. Benett's reply. 
If Ms. Benett said she was busy and couldn't go, Thomas wasn't sure if Mr. Wickam would go mad and look for her in person. 
After Elisa ended the call, she looked at the man across her. "I have something to do, so I'm going to leave." 
Thomas immediately said, "It's like this. Some problems have occurred in your partnership project with Wickam Group. There are also defects during the operations. Mr. Wickam instructed me to inform you to come and solve it now." 
Will raised his brows. "I'll send you."
Elisa immediately said, "I'm going to Wickam Group. You shouldn't come." 
Will must have heard everything in the call. 
Only the two of them were in the room. It was very quiet. 
Elisa had an indifferent expression. She didn't need to hide anything from Will for that matter. 
Will said with a faint smile, "I'm only sending you to the doorstep. I'm not going to go up with you. Gareth can't be so absurd." 
Elisa said firmly, "It's alright. I can just get a cab." 
Her car was still at Benett Corporation. 
But Will said in a low voice, "No. I'll worry." 
He got up after that. "Let's go. I'll drop you off." 
Elisa couldn't convince him. She knew he would continue insisting, so she said nothing and got into his car. 
She did need to cause a commotion now. But of course, like she said, it wasn't for Gareth to see. It was for the media and Benett Corporation. 
When they got into the car, the media emerged from hiding in the corner! 
Everyone was carefully taking pictures.
###chapter926
Chapter 926
Chapter 926 Will&aposs Resolve 
They were looking forward to Elisa and Will appearing in the same frame more, so they had something to write about. 
It would be perfect if Mr. Wickam were involved. 
But as they followed Will's car to Wickam Group, the media made various connections. They frantically tapped away on their keyboards for tomorrow's articles. 
Elisa got out of the car when they arrived. Will also got out and smiled as he looked at her. "Do your work. I'll wait for you here." 
Elisa immediately said, "No need." 
"Hmm?" Will narrowed his eyes. "Do you want Gareth to send you back later?" 
Elisa frowned slightly and said, "I won't get into his car. Moreover, I'm not sure how long it'll take. You can leave first." 
The corners of Will's lips curved. His handsome almond-shaped eyes stared at her. "Do you think I'll leave?" 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "Will Darcey." 
She enunciated his name. Her tone wasn't solemn, but her intent was clear. 
Will smiled and said, "Go on. I'll be waiting here." 
Elisa was flabbergasted.
She couldn't persuade him and didn't want to waste her time talking to him. She walked into Wickam Group. 
An office was still reserved for her, so Elisa went there. Her office would naturally be set aside for her before the partnership project ended because she might have to deal with work at any time. 
An office was still reserved for her, so Elisa went there. Her office would naturally be set aside for her before the partnership project ended because she might have to deal with work at any time. 
Elisa didn't care about anything else. She called Thomas. 
At the moment, Thomas was in Gareth's office… 
Gareth had called him over but didn't instruct him to do anything. It was as though Gareth wanted Thomas to stay with him. 
But… 
Thomas knew why… 
It was because Mr. Wickam's thoughts and actions were different! 
He wanted to know about Elisa! 
Once Elisa arrived, she would call Thomas and ask what went wrong. Then, Mr. Wickam would immediately know when Elisa came. 
Ah… 
Mr. Wickam was so conflicting, but he didn't want to admit it, so Thomas naturally wouldn't say anything. After all, Mr. Wickam was his boss.
When Thomas heard his cell phone ring, he glanced at Gareth and said, "It's Ms. Benett." 
An office was still reserved for her, so Elisa went there. Her office would naturally be set aside for her before the partnership project ended because she might have to deal with work at any time. 
"Mm, Mr. May. I've arrived at the office. What's wrong with the project? Is it convenient to get someone to tell me?" 
Thomas glanced at Gareth and was about to say something when Gareth spoke coldly. 
"Tell her to come to my office!" 
Elisa heard it. 
She wrinkled her brows while Thomas coughed lightly. "Ms. Benett, you'll find out once you come to Mr. Wickam's office." 
Elisa wasn't sure if Gareth was unhappy because of the trending topics or if the project had a big problem. She didn't delay and answered, "Alright. I'm coming now." 
"Alright." 
Elisa ended the call and arrived at the door of Gareth's office shortly. 
Before she could knock, the door opened. Thomas had just been instructed by his boss to leave. He was about to leave and never thought he would bump into Elisa. 
He nodded courteously at Elisa and stepped aside. 
Elisa nodded at him and walked in.
The doorway was empty in an instant. Thomas didn't want to stay a moment longer, and he took big strides away quickly.
###chapter927
Chapter 927
Chapter 927 All She Did Was Push Him Away 
There was a heavy and somber air in the office. Elisa was slightly uncomfortable with such an atmosphere but walked to Gareth's desk and stared at him. "What's wrong with the project?" 
Gareth's face was dark and ice-cold. He didn't glance at Elisa as his right hand clicked on the mouse. The dark computer screen lit up, and Elisa saw the data table through the glass reflection behind Gareth, but it wasn't clear. 
"Come and take a look yourself." 
Gareth's voice was cold. He sat in his chair and didn't move aside. 
Elisa could clearly tell that there was a problem with the project. She wrinkled her brows slightly. Elisa had worked hard on the project's research. Now that it was in operation, she couldn't allow problems to occur! 
She walked to computer at once, and was on Gareth's left. The two were very close, and Elisa was focused on the computer screen. 
Gareth's body stiffened instantly when her faint scent attacked his nasal cavity, and his expression darkened. 
Elisa looked at the data on the computer earnestly. She had only read two lines when she suddenly felt something around her waist. Before she could struggle, she was sitting on Gareth's lap! 
Elisa's expression changed abruptly, and she struggled at once, but Gareth was powerful. He didn't give her a chance to get up at all. He wrapped her into his arms, and her sweet scent grew sharper.
Elisa's expression changed abruptly, and she struggled at once, but Gareth was powerful. He didn't give her a chance to get up at all. He wrapped her into his arms, and her sweet scent grew sharper. 
Gareth's gaze dimmed. 
"You're mad, Gareth Wickam!" Elisa had a nasty expression. 
Gareth stared coldly at her. His voice was cold as if he was grinding his teeth. "You're so capable, Elisa Benett! You've done this with Will several times. Do you think I'm dead?" 
She was enveloped in his arms. 
But he was saying such infuriating words. 
"You're mad! Let me go! What I do with Will has nothing to do with you. Gareth Wickam, we're divorced, and I won't remarry you! Your well-being has nothing to do with me!" 
"Elisa Benett!" 
In an instant! 
The air in the room grew heavier! 
Elisa couldn't feel any warmth from his arms, only coldness. 
This hug. 
She had looked forward to it for three whole years. 
Although she looked forward to it before they married, she knew he wasn't hers, so she had no expectations. But after they signed the marriage certificate, she thought that they were legally husband and wife and she would be entitled to everything. Still, she didn't even get a hug.
Elisa's expression changed abruptly, and she struggled at once, but Gareth was powerful. He didn't give her a chance to get up at all. He wrapped her into his arms, and her sweet scent grew sharper. 
In the end, she was exhausted and was willing to let go. 
But what on earth is Gareth doing now? 
Why did he come back and look for me like this after I'd let him go? 
Elisa gritted her teeth. "Gareth Wickam, you used to loathe me. Aren't you afraid my feelings will return, and I'll bother you again? Didn't you use to think that it was a nightmare?" 
Gareth was startled. He looked at the person before him whose eyes were devoid of emotion, but what she said made his heart tremble. 
He said coldly, "Do you think you can escape, Elisa Benett? Do you think you can escape your destiny? You can only belong to me from the start until the end. You will never escape me for the rest of your life." 
In other words, he was willing to be bothered by her. 
Gareth had even started recalling scenes of how Elisa bothered him. 
But now… 
All this woman did was push him away.
###chapter928
Chapter 928
Chapter 928 Gareth&aposs Coercion 
Elisa knew she couldn't break free, so she stopped struggling. It was also because she felt tired. 
She looked at Gareth disbelievingly. How can he say such a thing?! 
Her gaze instantly made Gareth feel slightly uneasy. 
After a moment's pause, she shook her head. "How did you become like this, Gareth Wickam?" 
There was nothing but coldness in Gareth's eyes. 
"Are you really compromising yourself like this for profit? Wickam Group is huge today because of you. Aren't you satisfied? Why are you controlling me? Are you still the arrogant and noble Gareth?" 
Gareth found it hard to breathe. 
"Do you think all I care about is profit?!" 
Elisa suddenly sneered aloud. "Isn't this what you said? You thought I was suitable." 
Gareth was dumbstruck. 
He suddenly didn't know what to say but couldn't release his rage. It was suppressed by what Elisa said. 
If Vincent were around, he would have mercilessly ridiculed and mocked Gareth without hesitation since Gareth put on an act! 
The two suddenly fell silent. 
Elisa was still sitting in his lap. She tried to struggle a few more times but couldn't escape.
Gareth didn't know that holding her in his arms would feel so good. 
His gaze fell on Elisa's cheeks. Her exquisite face was slightly flushed because of her rage, and her cheekbones were pronounced. Her long, thick, and curled lashes were fluttering slightly. It stirred something within Gareth. 
His gaze dimmed slightly. 
"Isn't that the case? There's no way you will marry anyone other than me." 
Elisa suddenly laughed in her rage at his arrogant words. She turned and looked at his handsome yet overcast face. Elisa sneered. "Why can't I marry anyone else? Must I stick around and mope over you forever?" 
Gareth's expression suddenly darkened! 
This d*mn woman never says anything nice! 
Elisa couldn't break free from him, and she was exhausted. She took a deep breath and said in a low voice, "Let go of me. What on earth are you doing, Gareth Wickam?" 
Gareth's sharp gaze fell on her, but her cell phone suddenly rang before she could say anything. 
Elisa furrowed her brows and opened her bag to take her cell phone out. Both of them saw the number on the screen. 
Elisa looked at him coldly. "Can you let go of me?" 
Gareth didn't move, and his expression was icy. 
His meaning was clear. This doesn't stop you from answering the phone.
Elisa gritted her teeth and struggled again but failed. She could only let him hug her as she answered the call because she didn't want the caller to wait long. 
"Hi, Grandma." 
"Hey, Liz. What are you doing now?" Julia was worried and anxious, but she had to restrain herself. 
Elisa looked down at how she was in Gareth's arms and was slightly annoyed but said calmly, "Not much. What's up, Grandma?" 
"Are… you with the Darcey fellow?" 
Elisa's eyes flashed. It was evident that Grandma had been on Twitter. Elisa said softly, "No. Is something wrong, Grandma?" 
"It's good that you're not together. That's great." Julia said it twice. She seemed to have sighed in relief. After that, her worried voice rang again.
###chapter929
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 929
Chapter 929 Are You Done Hugging Me?! 
"Liz… I know that you don't like the stupid Gareth any more. You're still young and should marry again to have someone to rely on." 
Gareth's expression clearly darkened, and his gaze was sharper than it had been. 
But on the phone, Julia wouldn't know. She continued saying anxiously, "But the Darcey fellow won't do. He's too fickle, and he's tormented too many girls. I'm afraid that he's not sincere! Liz, you must find someone you can entrust the rest of your life to, not someone like the Darcey fellow." 
Although Julia hoped Elisa could continue being her granddaughter-in-law, Gareth failed to live up to expectations! 
Under such circumstances, Julia could only help Liz pick other eligible young men so she wouldn't be deceived. 
Elisa pursed her lips. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw Gareth's dark face and how he looked like he would erupt at any moment. She said softly, "Don't worry, Grandma. Such a thing won't happen." 
"Huh?" Julia was suddenly a little worried and asked, "Which are you referring to? Are you saying nothing will happen with Will, or you won't allow the Darcey fellow to be as fickle as he used to be?" 
Julia was distraught. She was afraid that something would happen to Elisa because she really loved Elisa as a granddaughter. 
Elisa naturally knew about it and said softly, "Grandma, I know you're worried about me. How could I bear to let you worry about me?" 
"Huh?" Julia was in a daze. She didn't know what Elisa was talking about at all.
Elisa said softly, "Will did as such because of my plan. I have many things to do now, Grandma. I'm not in the mood to date." 
Gareth suddenly looked up and stared at Elisa's side profile. Plan? Not in the mood to date? How can she tell such lies? 
But… even he didn't notice that his expression had improved slightly. 
"Huh? Plan? What are you going to do, Liz?" 
"You'll find out in the future." Elisa didn't plan on telling her now. 
Julia was slightly doubtful. "Are you lying to me, Liz?" 
"How could I lie to you?" Elisa's voice was gentle, and there was no trace of impatience. Gareth started to get restless again as he looked at her. Has she ever treated me with half this patience? 
"That's good, Liz. That's great. But you must know how to take care of yourself. Don't let yourself be deceived by others, okay? You're my only granddaughter. Nothing can happen to you!" 
Gareth's expression suddenly darkened. 
Elisa answered, "Mm. I understand. Don't worry, Grandma." 
Julia sighed, but she was still worried. Since Elisa had already said such, she could only say, "That's good, Liz. Be careful. Come and visit me when you have the time." 
"Alright, Grandma." 
Julia had nothing else to tell Elisa. She didn't know if Liz would listen anymore, so she hung up shortly.
Elisa put down her cell phone. She was still in Gareth's arms, so she looked at him with a nasty expression. "Are you done hugging me?!" 
How have I never noticed how shameless this man is?
###chapter930
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 930
Chapter 930 Don&apost Go 
Gareth didn't let her go. He looked at her coldly. "What motive do you have this time?" 
Elisa furrowed her brows. She finally said, "It won't hurt you, and it has nothing to do with you." 
Gareth laughed in his rage. "You can choose not to say. I want to see how much time you can waste with me." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She suddenly looked at Gareth disbelievingly. "Are you kidding me?" 
Does he mean he'll keep hugging me and won't let go if I don't tell him? 
Upon seeing him silent, Elisa laughed in her rage. "When did you become a thug? Is this what you're capable of, Gareth Wickam? Where did your nobility and arrogance go?" 
Gareth sneered. "Birds of a feather flock together. What nobility do I have left with you around?" 
In other words, he said he had been influenced in the three years she had bothered him. 
He implied that she had infected him with her problems. 
Elisa furrowed her brows tightly. After everything was said and done, they returned to the same problem, but she didn't want to continue. 
She gritted her teeth and suddenly raised her legs before she stomped on his feet. 
But…
Gareth avoided it in an instant. At the same time, he suddenly picked her up from her side angrily. He put her on the desk, and his hands were on either side of her body. He suddenly leaned over, and the air suddenly quivered! 
The two were very close to each other. Elisa suddenly didn't dare to move a muscle. Their lips would touch if she moved just a little. 
At that moment, she could even feel Gareth's chilly breathing. 
"Gareth Wickam! Are you done?!" Elisa's voice was filled with impatience. 
But what Gareth saw was her alluring lips. He didn't allow her to think and suddenly kissed her! 
"Mmph…!" 
Elisa's pupils suddenly widened. At the next moment when she came to her senses, she started kicking and punching the man. 
She didn't dare to open her mouth. She was afraid that Gareth would suddenly take captive her lips like before if she did! 
She kept her jaw tightly shut and didn't open it, but it was as though Gareth had expected it. He ignored her intentions and suddenly put one hand on her rib. He moved his hand slightly, and Elisa felt her body shudder suddenly. Her lips opened unconsciously. 
Gareth suddenly attacked the small gap between her lips and took control! 
"Don't go." 
Elisa was about to lose her mind out of rage. She didn't hesitate and bit him!
In an instant, Gareth groaned. Elisa took the opportunity to push him away at once. At the same time, she threw her hands at his face. 
'Smack!' 
The crisp sound suddenly rang in the office. 
Elisa's face was flushed. She was embarrassed and furious! 
"Gareth Wickam, you're more shameless than I thought!" 
After that, she ignored him. She immediately picked up her bag and wanted to walk out. 
But the man's sharp eyes and agile hands suddenly grabbed her wrist. 
Elisa was flabbergasted! 
Her heart felt constricted, and she felt restless. She wanted to tear the man to pieces. 
"Let go!" 
Elisa tried to restrain herself, but her heart beat furiously and uncontrollably. The moment he kissed her, she felt that her breathing was messy. She was nervous and frantic. 
Gareth's face was dark. He didn't intend to make her pay even though she hit him. 
Elisa used all her strength but never imagined she would suddenly hear the man's calm voice.
###chapter931
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 931
Chapter 931 D*mn It, Woman! 
Elisa was shocked and looked at him with confusion. 
She could not understand why Gareth spoke in such a tone. 
His tone almost made her think that he was apologetic. 
Elisa looked at him but remained silent. 
Gareth held her hand and said coldly, "What is your purpose for coming here this time?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
I was mistaken. His tone is as harsh as usual. Why did I think that he was apologetic? 
Elisa snorted coldly and replied, "What's the purpose of informing you? Mr. Wickam, when you make any major plans, don't you also hide it from outsiders?" 
Outsiders. 
Although Elisa did not emphasize the said word, Gareth found it unpleasant. 
Elisa! Elisa! 
How dare you? 
Elisa wanted to free her hand from his grip, but he was too strong. 
Elisa was deeply frustrated by his behavior. "Gareth! Why won't you let go of my hand? Even if you and I get married, it doesn't mean I must keep working with you. I still have to collaborate with Will frequently. You might as well not think about this matter. Otherwise, it will only bother you!"
After she had spoken, the atmosphere in the office froze. Gareth stared daggers at her face. 
Elisa was not intimidated but was irritated with him. 
At the same time, she was concerned that Gareth seemed determined to find out her aim. If she refused to tell him, it would anger him and possibly cause her problems in the future. 
Then, it would be even more difficult for her to carry out her plan. Thus, she considered briefly and said, "I want to get Benett Corporation back. Thus, I must collaborate with Darcey Group and let everyone in Benett Corporation know I'm indispensable. At the same time, I also wish to regain my shares. Mr. Wickam, is this a good enough explanation for you?" 
If you agree, let me go! 
Elisa's patience was running thin. 
Although Gareth's expression remained stern, Elisa sensed his mood had calmed slightly. 
It makes sense why he reacted like this. I'm his ex-wife. He's pursuing me openly, but I'm involved with Will. From Gareth's perspective, it would seem like a mockery, making him feel humiliated. 
Hah, I understand why he reacts like this. 
Elisa hid the disdain in her gaze and said, "Can you let me go now?" 
Since when did Gareth start behaving this way to force people into giving him what he wants? Just now, he even… 
The memory made her lips uncomfortable. They felt like they had just been kissed. 
She had only managed to calm down a while ago, but her heart started beating faster.
Elisa's expression turned stern as she tried to control her emotions. 
Gareth looked at her coldly. "Why didn't you come to me?" 
Elisa frowned. "With the state of our relationship, what makes you think I would want to ask for your help? Do I have to walk on eggshells around you all the time?" 
She believed her identity as Rene Coavilla enabled her to choose anyone to work with. Still, she narrowed her choices to Wickam Group and Darcey Group because they were the most prominent companies. If she had any conflict with Darcey Group, she had no problem leaving it and settling for the next best thing. 
Gareth's expression darkened. D*mn it, woman! It's because of your ruthless schemes that things are in this state! 
Elisa hid the disdain in her gaze and said, "Can you let me go now?"
###chapter932
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 932
Chapter 932 I Might Go Against You 
Elisa pursed her lips. "Mr. Wickam, your behavior makes me think you're unwilling to let me go. Have you completely fallen for me? Such behavior is unseemly." 
Gareth's expression turned intimidatingly cold. He glared at Elisa and said, "Cancel your collaboration with Will and work with me. I will not treat you like how I did before." 
"Sorry, I began collaborating with Will first, but you snatched it. Therefore, I owe it to Will to work on this for a year, so I…" 
Elisa paused and decided not to reveal any more of the matter. 
She had no desire to work with Gareth ever again. 
Furthermore, telling him the matter would trigger him. It would only mean unnecessary trouble. 
Elisa struggled hard against his grip. 
Gareth clenched his teeth and finally released her wrist. "Scram! Get out of my sight and never step foot here again! Don't ever think of asking for my help in the future!" 
Elisa pursed her lips. "Don't worry. I won't bother you ever again." 
Gareth was too furious to speak. 
Elisa's answer left him bursting with fury. 
Furthermore, Elisa proceeded to ignore him and left straight away. 
She did not head home but called James.
However, it was Rachel who answered the call. 
"Hello? Liz, what's the matter?" 
"Rach? Why are you the one answering?" 
"I'm at Uncle James' place. He went to the washroom. I shouted that you called, and he said I could help him answer it." Rachel sounded curious. "Do you wish to talk to Uncle James about something?" 
Elisa did not answer her question but asked softly, "Is it okay for me to come over now?" 
"Sure, you can come over." 
"Okay." 
Elisa hung up and went downstairs. 
She saw Will's car as soon as she reached there. 
Aubrey's expression changed. D*mn it! Gareth messed up my thoughts until I forgot Will was still here. 
Her eyes flickered. As she was hesitating, the front passenger window suddenly rolled down. Elisa saw Will smiling at her. 
"You're finally here. Hop on." 
Elisa pursed her lips before heading to the front passenger seat. 
Will got out of the car and opened the door for her. Elisa got in but remained silent. Her expression seemed conflicted. 
He only drove the cer ewey efter she hed gone in.
Then, Will closed the door and went to the driver's seat to start the car. 
"I'm not going home yet. Can you send me somewhere?" 
Elisa recited the address to him. 
Will arched his eyebrows. "Are you going to talk to them this soon?" 
"Yes, it's better to deal with it sooner than later. I don't want to drag the matter for too long." 
Recently, Elisa felt that the matter was at a standstill and developed too slowly to her liking. 
Will did not say anything but sped to James' house. 
Once they arrived, Elisa glanced at Will and said, "Rachel is there. I can go home with her later. You don't have to wait for me. I don't want to keep troubling you." 
Will narrowed his eyes. However, he did not argue with her but smiled. "Sure, stay safe." 
"Thank you." Elisa nodded and got out of the car. 
Will watched her walk into the house. His eyes gradually darkened with thoughts. 
He only drove the car away after she had gone in.
###chapter933
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 933
Chapter 933 You Twerp 
'Ding dong…' 
Rachel opened the door and could not resist smiling when she saw Elisa. "You're not here because of me, right? I came here to get a free dinner from Uncle James." 
Before Elisa could say anything, James broke out in laughter behind Rachel. "Hahaha. Step aside, kiddo. Let Liz in." 
Rachel stepped aside with a smile, allowing Elisa to come in and close the door. 
"Uncles James, I'm sorry for disturbing you at this hour." 
"There's no need to be so formal with me. You can find me anytime. My door is always open for you." 
James valued Elisa's talent and work ethic. 
He knew she came here because of something important. Otherwise, she would not make a trip here this late at night. 
Elisa smiled. "The thing is, I'm planning to collaborate with Darcey Group, so I need your help. We will be having a meeting tomorrow." 
James was curious. "A meeting? Let's talk about it in the study." 
Elisa followed James to the study. Rachel was uninterested in joining them and watched TV in the living room. 
Still, she could not help glancing upstairs occasionally and was curious when they remained in the study for a long time.
What is it that led Elisa to travel all the way here? Is she planning to strike now? 
The male and female leads of a romantic drama were kissing on TV. However, Rachel was not interested and continued observing the situation upstairs. 
After some time, she finally heard a door opening upstairs. 
Rachel looked up and saw Elisa and James walking down the stairs. 
She glanced at her watch and exclaimed, "Wow, you guys talked for two hours. Uncle James, I never knew you had so much to talk about." 
James' expression darkened. "You twerp!" 
Elisa smiled but remained silent. 
James turned to Elisa with a smile. "Don't worry. I'll deal with this matter according to your plan. I guarantee they will be satisfied with it at the meeting tomorrow." 
Elisa nodded with a smile. 
Rachel's eyes flickered. I was right. Elisa is planning to strike soon! 
I wonder what surprise Elisa will bring this time! 
With this in mind, Rachel said excitedly, "What are you planning to do at the meeting tomorrow?" 
Elisa pursed her lips and remained silent. 
There were servants in James' house. She was not sure if they could be trusted. 
James flicked Rachel's forehead. "You will find out when the time comes."
Rachel grumbled, "Sure, I'll wait then!" 
Since she would find out about it tomorrow, she decided to stop questioning them. 
Elisa smiled. "In that case, I'll be leaving first. It's getting let. Have a good rest, Uncle James." 
"Haha, Liz, since it's late, why don't you and Rachel stay here for tonight." 
Elisa replied, "Thank you for the offer, but I left some documents at home. I need to bring them to the company tomorrow." 
Rachel grinned and said, "I'm not staying here either. I'm going home." 
Upon seeing they did not wish to stay, James could only smile and nod, "Sure, please be careful. I will arrange for someone to send you home." 
Elisa and Rachel did not refuse this time. They knew James was concerned about them. 
However, Rachel did not go home but went to Elisa's place. 
Elisa pursed her lips and remained silent. 
There were servants in James' house. She was not sure if they could be trusted.
###chapter934
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 934
Chapter 934 Are You Ready? 
Once they entered Elisa's place, Rachel could no longer hold back her questions. "Liz, are you confident about it this time? Why do I sense that you're about to get rid of them once and for all?" 
"It's not to that extent yet. Don't worry about me." 
Rachel seemed to disagree. In the end, she did not pursue the matter but sighed. "I guess I can relax a little since Uncle James is helping you. Still, you have to be careful. Those people are cruel and insane. They even arranged to kill you in a car accident. I'm apprehensive. I fear…" 
After all, there had been many attempts to harm Elisa. It's too dangerous. 
Elisa nodded. "Don't worry." 
She did not elaborate further on the matter. Afterward, they chatted for a while before parting to bathe and rest. 
The following morning, Elisa woke up and made breakfast. Rachel was still worried about her. "Liz, are you sure you're ready?" 
Although Rachel knew nothing about Elisa's plan, she kept feeling it would be dangerous. Otherwise, why did Elisa talk to James for two hours? 
Rachel regretted not joining their discussion last night, thinking it would be boring. She would not be blindly worrying over the matter if she had listened. 
Elisa chuckled. "Don't worry. It's not as serious as you think. I only discussed a new project with Uncle James. That was why it took a while." 
"Oh? A new project?"
"Yes. You will find out about it soon." Elisa did not elaborate. 
"Okay." 
Rachel saw how calm Elisa was and felt less worried. 
After breakfast, they parted ways and went to their respective workplaces. 
Meanwhile, James went to the office and instructed his staff to issue notices for a meeting. 
The previous chairman had left the shareholders the right to call for a meeting. Furthermore, the chairman had to attend the meeting if it involved an important matter. 
Therefore, Norman had no choice but to participate in the meeting. 
Soon, everyone gathered in the meeting room. 
Linda also joined this meeting. Norman claimed Linda held some shares and was considered a shareholder to justify her participation. Furthermore, she would one day succeed in Norman's position at Benett Corporation. Naturally, she had to attend the meeting. 
Elisa and Linda were arranged to sit side by side again. Linda frowned and wondered why Elisa was allowed to attend this meeting. Elisa has no shares, so she has no right to participate in this meeting unless… Could this meeting be concerning her? 
Linda's eyes instantly flared up with fury. 
Seeing that everyone had gathered, James began with a smile, "Everyone, I called this meeting to discuss an important matter."
Everyone looked at James curiously and was confused. However, a few people glanced at Elisa and suspected she had something to do with it. 
Norman frowned in silence. James has always been against me. He called this meeting without consulting me. I have a bad feeling about the matter he will bring up. What trick is he up to this time? 
After some hesitation, Norman asked flatly, "What matter is it?" 
James chuckled and said, "Before I discuss the matter, I want to ask a question. Does everyone here know about Rene Coavilla?" 
"Rene Coavilla?" Someone was confused. "Isn't she a top jewelry and fashion designer? Why do you suddenly bring her up?"
###chapter935
Chapter 935
Chapter 935 Have You Contacted Her? 
The person was not the only one confused. A few others looked at James curiously. They knew he would not bring up Rene for no reason. 
Since he mentioned her, it either meant he had secured a collaboration with her or was planning to.James was a trustworthy man. He would not use flowery language to mislead others about a false matter. Moreover, he would also not bring up something impossible to carry out. 
Everyone in the meeting room was business people, so naturally, profit was their top priority. Upon listening to his words, a few began anticipating the matter but did not dare to have too much hope. After all, they knew how elusive Rene was. Many people had sought to collaborate with her but failed. Everyone in the meeting had heard that Wickam Group and Darcey Group also desired to collaborate with her. 
However, there was no news of negotiation or release of any collaborative products from them. Since Benett Corporation was considerably less influential than those two companies, they knew they had little chance.Someone sighed and said helplessly, “A person like her is out of our reach. Mr. Markee, why do you suddenly bring her up?” 
He wanted to tell James to stop baiting them and get straight to the point. His words left them unbearably curious. 
Meanwhile, Norman kept silent and watched James. He felt a growing sense of foreboding.Linda also sensed something was wrong. She did not want those who had supported Nelson to start developing new businesses, fearing they would gradually grow their influence. It would be detrimental to Linda and her father.Moreover, if they supported Elisa, it would help Elisa to kick Linda and her father out of the company.James did not care what anyone thought and chuckled.
“I didn’t bring up Rene without a good reason. It’s mainly due to my desire to collaborate with her. What does everyone think about this?” Everyone was shocked. They looked at James with disbelief. 
“Goodness, Mr. Markee. Stop joking around!” Surprisingly, the speaker was not someone siding with Norman but was on James’ side. He knew Rene’s unique talent and believed they would earn a massive profit if they collaborated with her. However, he also knew how improbable such collaboration was.Even Jessie looked at James with astonishment. 
“Do you mean you have secured the opportunity to work with her?”James had the most authority among those supporting Elisa, followed by Jessie.Their personalities were complete opposites. One of them appeared kind but was devious, while the other was straightforward and succinct in words.However, they were Nelson and Elisa’s most loyal protectors. 
Norman looked at James briefly before saying, “Mr. Markee, why don’t you get straight to the point?” 
He hated seeing James with the upper hand.James smiled. “Of course. It’s never my intention to leave everyone hanging. I only wish to give everyone a chance to process this. After all, even I did not expect us to have a chance to collaborate with Rene.” 
Everyone unconsciously frowned. James’ tone indicated that he had secured a collaboration with Rene.Jessie was stunned. 
“Do you mean we have a chance to work with her? Have you managed to contact her?”James smiled. 
“Yes.”The shock was apparent in everyone’s eyes. Everyone knew how lucrative such a chance was.However, everyone soon sensed something strange. Since the meeting was to discuss a significant collaboration, why was Elisa allowed to be here?
A few people looked at her with disbelief. Elisa is known for her fantastic business negotiation skills. Could this mean…
###chapter936
Chapter 936
Chapter 936 A Reasonable Man 
Someone could not resist asking, “Does Ms. Elisa have something to do with this?” 
Otherwise, why is she in this meeting? Jessie also noticed this and immediately looked at Elisa.Linda, seated beside Elisa, looked at her with jealousy and fury and was on the verge of losing her temper. Why? Why is Elisa involved in this? 
Since Elisa is here, it can only mean she has a role in the collaboration James mentioned! 
D*mn it! 
B*tch! 
Elisa answered calmly, “That’s right. I have a role in this.”James smiled at the crowd. 
“Everyone, please calm down.” 
“Calm down? Don’t you know who Rene is? Even Gareth and Will could not meet Rene in person. No one knows who she is because she never showed her face. We are not even sure if Rene is a woman. Is Ms. Elisa able to contact her?” 
Even someone who had supported Nelson could not resist voicing his doubt.His doubt prompted another to voice the same. A thin, flat-chested woman adjusted her glasses and reprimanded, “Ms. Elisa, this is important. We can’t condone any deception and secrecy about this. James was your father’s close friend, so his care for you naturally clouded his judgment and led him to overlook your wrongdoings. Ms. Elisa, you should repent now and not repeat the same mistake.” 
The woman was rude and harsh with her words. Still, Elisa regarded her calmly and replied, “Do you think I would lie about the matter? What makes you think I can deceive everyone in this massive
corporation? Did you even bother to check what I mentioned? Do you think people in the company approve anything I say?” 
The woman frowned and opened her mouth but could find nothing to argue back. Thus, she fell silent.Before anyone could say anything to Elisa, Norman said, “In that case, why don’t you explain how you contacted Rene? What did you discuss, and how are you sure that we have a chance to collaborate with her?” 
Norman’s questions were sharp and direct.Since the matter had come to this, he naturally had to ask such questions as a chairman. Even though he did not wish to carry out any projects negotiated by Elisa, a collaboration with Rene was too lucrative and substantial that he could not bear to let it go. 
Moreover, people would despise him if he rejected the project straight away. They would hate him for denying them the opportunity to earn a massive profit and withdraw their support from him.Therefore, Norman did not have a choice.Meanwhile, Linda clenched her fists under the table. Since Elisa was right next to her, she felt the urge to reach over and pinch Elisa’s thigh to let out her fury.Elisa looked at Norman calmly and seemed unbothered by his questions. 
On the other hand, James smiled at Norman and deliberately said with annoyance, “Mr. Benett, speaking of this matter, I have a couple of complaints against you.”Everyone was stunned.Even Norman was shocked. James has always been reasonable. He would still be sensible even if he’s against me. But why is he…
###chapter937
Chapter 937
Chapter 937 A Surprise for You 
What the heck is he up to?Everyone forgot what they wanted to say and looked at James. On the other hand, Norman smiled and asked, “Mr. Markee, what do you mean?” 
James chucked and said, “You have lived in Benett Residence all these years. Thus, you lived with the late chairman and watched Elisa grow up. Yet, why are you unaware of such an important matter?” 
Linda was shocked.Something’s not right! What point is James making here? Why do I feel something bad is about to happen?Norman felt the same as Linda. He looked at James and appeared confused. 
“What do you mean? I don’t understand at all.” 
“Hahaha…” James seemed in a good mood and behaved as if everything he said before was a joke. While everyone was still perplexed, James chuckled and said, “Initially, everyone thought Elisa was an unremarkable girl. However, when she revealed her secret identity, weren’t you as shocked as everyone else?” 
Shocked?Norman was so furious that he nearly burst his blood vessels.Especially after he found out that Elisa was Black-Eyed Susan. He was so enraged at the time that he wanted to strangle her. 
However, he had no choice but to control himself.He finally understood why James talked about this. 
“I was shocked, but I also feel regretful about it. She has so many talents that we were unaware of. Elisa had probably hidden it to surprise us one day. I believe even her father didn’t know about this.” 
His words were like a handful of nails driving deep into Elisa’s heart. It’s true…I never told anyone, including Dad. I had planned to surprise him eventually, but…Dad was gone before he had a chance to witness my talents. He would have been proud if he knew.Elisa sighed and pursed her lips. She forced herself to calm down.James smiled.
“That’s true. Elisa probably kept them as a surprise. Speaking of surprise, I also have one for you today.” 
Norman, Linda, and the rest of the people were stunned.Does this mean…Is this why he was being vague about the collaboration with Rene? He even brought up Elisa’s past secret identity. Does this mean…Suddenly, everyone was too afraid to think what the surprise could be.Is this possible?How can it be?Norman almost lost his composure. He asked, “What do you mean?”He wanted to hear about this ‘surprise.’ 
It will only be about Elisa’s meeting with negotiating a collaboration with her. It can’t be that…He dared not think otherwise.On the other hand, Linda was losing her mind.Elisa! Elisa! There’s no way that this b*tch is… No, I don’t believe it. I don’t think she can do that. 
That b*tch should eat sh*t! No way!Meanwhile, Jessie was surprised and looked at Elisa.I’ve worked with James for many years. How would I not know what he is talking about?I never knew Elisa possessed so many talents!She is amazing!With that in mind, Jessie could not stand waiting anymore. While everyone was still stunned and confused, she looked at Elisa and said excitedly, “Liz, are… Are you Rene Caovilla?”
###chapter938
Chapter 938
Chapter 938 Can&apost You Think a Little? 
Suddenly, everyone turned to Elisa, waiting for her answer.James smiled but did not say anything. Elisa appeared calm and answered briefly, “I am.” 
Suddenly, the meeting room fell into complete silence. Rene Caovilla!She’s Rene Caovilla!That… That’s impossible!Linda widened her eyes and was on the verge of a nervous breakdown. 
B*tch! 
B*tch! 
B*tch! 
Argh! 
I’m losing my mind! I can’t stand it anymore!Norman was stunned.Is she Rene Caovilla? How can it be?No! No way! It must be a trick. Elisa and James must have planned this!With that in mind, Norman immediately glanced at a shareholder he trusted. 
The shareholder understood instantly. He smoothened his center-parted hair and looked at Elisa.“Ms. Elisa, you are a lawyer, so I believe you understand the consequences of lying. Furthermore, our company is about to embark on a major collaboration project. Impersonation will get us into trouble.”Elisa glanced at him indifferently. 
“You can choose not to participate if you don’t believe me. Then, you won’t have to worry about losses.” 
The shareholder’s expression changed.I can’t do that!If she is Rene, I will miss out on a massive profit if I don’t join the project!He replied urgently, “It’s not that I refuse to participate. We only wish to find out
the truth. What if we believe your trick and carry out all the marketing strategies, only for the real Rene to announce that Benett Corporation is lying? Do you know what kind of crisis you might have caused us?” 
Elisa answered calmly, “If I’m found to be fake, I will leave Benett Corporation and never return. I will even make a public apology.” 
Norman and Linda’s hearts sank.Since she dares to say this, she is telling the truth!We all know her purpose. She wants to snatch Benett Corporation back. But I didn’t expect her to dare to make such a daring oath. It proves she is Rene Caovilla!But how is that possible?It’s as James said before. 
We lived in the same house for so long. Yet, I know nothing about Elisa!Why?The shareholder suddenly had nothing to retort.James chuckled and said, “The matter is quite simple, and there’s no need to prove anything. All Elisa has to do is announce on Twitter that she will collaborate with Benett Corporation. That will settle everything and indirectly promote our company. There’s nothing more to worry about, isn’t it?” 
Someone grumbled indignantly, “Elisa is Black-Eyed Susan. How can we be sure she didn’t hack into Rene’s Twitter account?” 
Jessie laughed and looked at the speaker. “Can’t you think a little before saying those words? If Elisa is not Rene and hacked Rene’s Twitter, Rene’s team will clarify the matter. Would they leave the Twitter post there?” 
Norman’s expression froze. What Jessie said gave him an idea.He glanced at his daughter. As expected, Linda’s eyes flashed deviously. It seemed they were thinking about the same thing. They exchanged glances briefly and looked away.James smiled and looked at Elisa kindly. He was impressed with how calm she was in the face of challenges.
Then, he made an announcement.
###chapter939
Chapter 939
Chapter 939 The Angry Father and Daughter 
“Since I’ve brought up this matter today, I won’t lie or get involved in some gimmick. We are part of a corporation and have agreed to work together for mutual benefit. Thus, we shouldn’t be disputing among ourselves. It’s an honor to be able to collaborate with Rene. 
Moreover, we should be glad that Elisa is Rene. We have such a talented individual in our midst.”Although James did not raise his tone, his words were veiled with a reprimand to others to stop doubting Elisa and accuse her of ulterior motives. 
Furthermore, his words indicated that they should cease all baseless thoughts and accept the truth.However, the truth that Elisa was Rene was still hard for everyone to stomach. Many people were still in a state of disbelief. How could Elisa be Rene?How could a young lady possess so many talents? Is she even human?The crowd looked at Elisa strangely, as if they were looking at a monster. 
However, Elisa was not bothered by their gazes.People expected her to use this identity to work with other companies.However, she had to deal with many other important things today.What happened now was only the beginning. Once this was done, she would begin another part of her plan.Everyone was preoccupied with their thoughts and did not speak. James gradually turned to Norman and smiled. 
“Mr. Benett, what do you say?” 
The crowd also looked at Norman, waiting for him to speak.Norman’s eyes flickered with hesitation. 
“I haven’t recovered from the revelation and still find the whole matter hard to believe.” James chuckled and nodded in agreement. 
“That’s true. I was shocked when I first found out about it. I didn’t expect Elisa to be Rene. Having such a prominent figure in our company is a tremendous blessing. Don’t you agree, Mr. Benett?”James
gradually leaned closer. His words gave Norman no room for ion. 
Thus, Norman could only nod in agreement.“Yes, yes. If Elisa is Rene, it would be a blessing to the company.” 
Elisa’s eyes flashed with mockery. She noticed Norman always used the word ‘if’ when talking about her being Rene instead of directly saying she was a blessing to the company. It showed he did not believe her and was waiting to expose her.Norman glanced at the crowd and turned to James. 
“What are you planning to do next?” 
In actuality, Norman was deeply frustrated. Everyone knew Elisa was his niece, so he should be the first to know that Elisa was Rene. 
Yet, it was James who revealed the matter.James deliberately did this to humiliate me. It amounts to telling everyone that Elisa and I were not close.Norman was sure that James and Elisa had schemed this together. 
They gave him such a shock that Norman almost lost his temper.However, Norman was the only person who was angry over this. Everyone else knew that Norman and Elisa were estranged.James pretended not to notice Norman’s fury and smiled at him. 
“Begin the collaboration, of course. Our company’s departments are declining day by day. It’s no longer possible for us to regain our heyday. Therefore, it will only ruin Rene’s reputation if we were to design, produce, and market the product within the company.”
###chapter940
Chapter 940
Chapter 940 Elisa Made Her Move 
Although James’s words were pertinent, they caused Norman’s expression to darken considerably. 
“Are you accusing me of mismanaging the company?” Norman’s position as the chairman put him above everyone in the meeting room, allowing him to speak freely.Everyone had a troubled expression, but James smiled at Norman. 
“What I said is the truth. Our company is unable to turn around from decline on its own. This will reduce the sale of Elisa’s designs and damage her reputation.”Norman frowned and glanced at someone on his side. 
The man sneered and argued, “It’s wrong for you to say that. Since Elisa is one of us, she must serve this company. Then, we will be able to turn around our situation. Moreover, we haven’t started marketing the products yet, so no one knows how the sales will be. If the product doesn’t sell well, how do we know it’s the company’s problem or Rene’s incompetence?” 
He was pushing the blame on her.Elisa sneered in her mind. She knew there would be many critics, such as him, once she revealed her identity. She had already prepared for them. 
However, James had advised her to speak less during the meeting and let him do the talking instead.He knew the harsh words she would have been exposed to and wanted to shield her from them.Then, James looked at them with a vague smile and taunted, “I only have this to say. Do you want to collaborate with Rene or not?”His words brought back the focus of this meeting.Rene Caovilla!She will bring us a fortune!If we collaborate with her, we will have an unending income stream! As long as she keeps designing, we will get free money. Who would be stupid enough to refuse this chance?James smirked faintly.
“I believe we should vote on this matter today. Let’s vote based on the rules set by the late chairman. As long as half of the people in this room vote in favor of the collaboration, it shall proceed. I will start first. I wish to say I’m honored to have the chance to work with Liz.” 
Jessie said right after James, “I agree.”“I’m also honored to have this chance.” 
“Me too.” 
“Same with me.” 
People on James’ side voiced their support one after another. However, their numbers were few. They would still need four people from Norman’s side to vote to reach the required quota in favor of the collaboration. 
Still, James did not seem worried and waited leisurely.This collaboration was an easy fortune. Although some people may appear to be on Norman’s side, it was only an act. Norman was the chairman, so naturally, some people would flatter him, hoping to gain more benefits. 
However, would they still side with him when Norman stood in their way of a significant gain?Someone said, “I think this is an advantageous collaboration, so I agree.” 
Everyone on Norman’s side looked at the speaker. They knew he was Norman’s most eager bootlicker and did not expect him to be the first to abandon Norman.After he spoke, those who wanted the collaboration could no longer remain silent.Within a few minutes, four more people voted in favor of it.More than half of the people voted in agreement to have the collaboration.Elisa pursed her lips. 
The result was within her expectation.On the other hand, Norman seemed sullen. He knew he would lose more supporters if he did not make his stance known.
###chapter941
Chapter 941
Chapter 941 Incredibly Bright 
Norman smiled forcefully. "I never expected Liz to have so many achievements. As your uncle, I'm happy for you. That goes without saying." 
His words implied that he agreed to the collaboration. Therefore, those supporting him followed suit. The collaboration passed with a complete consensus of everyone in the meeting. 
Elisa found the result ironic. 
James laughed and said, "I agree. I'm happy for Liz." 
Elisa was indeed her father's daughter and had even exceeded him. James believed the late chairman would be proud to have such a wonderful daughter. 
Then, he chuckled and continued, "Since we have a full consensus, let's discuss the issues we mentioned before. Liz, what do you think? Whom would you like to collaborate with?" 
Everyone focused their gaze on Elisa. 
They looked at her differently and had better regard for her than before. 
Previously, although they knew Elisa was brilliant and were aware of her secrets as Iris and Black-Eyed Susan, the matter did not directly affect their interest, so they did not bother to show much respect for her. 
However, things were different this time. 
They discovered she was Rene Caovilla, a renowned jewelry and couture designer. She was their golden goose.
Therefore, many people began to look at her with respect. 
If we oppose the collaboration now, it will amount to stopping these people from earning profit. Then, we will lose even more supporters. Furthermore, it's too late to stop this collaboration. It will proceed as long as half of the shareholders agree! 
Damn it! 
This is driving me crazy! 
A smile lit up on James's face as he said, "I agree with this plan. Getting half of the profit from Darcey Group is much more than we can earn if we manage the project. Liz, you've done so well." 
Jessie nodded and looked at Elisa with eyes full of admiration. "I'm satisfied with this decision. Usually, Darcey Group won't agree to share so much profit with us. They must have allowed it because of you. You are our lucky star." 
Although Jessie said the final part jokingly, it was the truth. 
Norman and Linda were bursting with fury, but they could not say anything. 
The others complimented Elisa one by one. 
Linda's frustrations nearly suffocated her. 
She could tell the shareholders were internally comparing Elisa's achievements to hers. 
Everyone praised how brilliant Elisa was. However, although Linda was seated beside Elisa, no one bothered to talk to her.
###chapter942
Chapter 942
Chapter 942 He Is Also a Liar 
Linda never expected things to turn out this way. She knew everyone was secretly mocking her in their hearts! 
She and Elisa were cousins, yet they could not be more different. 
Although they grew up together and received the same education, Elisa turned out to be a genius, but Linda was unremarkable. 
Linda was nearly driven mad with fury. 
Norman took a deep breath to rein in his anger and force himself to smile. "Liz, you are brilliant, and I'm proud of you. However, don't you think you have hidden too much from us? None of us knew anything. I even had to hear all of your achievements from outsiders." 
Although he said those words jokingly, they implied that Elisa did not regard Norman and Linda as family. In other words, what she did seemed inconsiderate. 
Elisa answered evenly, "I didn't want to tell anyone to prevent people from attempting to harm me." 
Everyone instantly related to her reason. A woman siding with James voiced her agreement with Elisa's choice. "You're right. Whether it is Iris, Black-Eyed Susan, or Rene Caovilla, they are all awe-inducing identities. If you had exposed yourself, someone might have decided to harm you. So the fewer people know, the better." 
James nodded with a smile. "That's right. Mr. Benett, if you had known this earlier, you would have been proud of her and, subsequently, would've accidentally revealed her multiple identities by showing her off to others. It could have ended up making her a target of assassination. That would've been dangerous."
Before this, Norman's words made Elisa the target of criticism. However, James' words not only cleared Elisa of blame but struck back at Norman, implying that he should not have made a fuss about it. 
That was enough to silence Norman. 
Jessie adjusted her glasses and said calmly, "This matter has been decided then. Now, we only have to wait for Elisa to negotiate with Will." 
There was nothing for them to do. It was similar to Elisa's collaboration with Gareth in the past. They only had to wait for the profit to roll in. 
James sighed and sounded ashamed. "This is the second time Liz brought us immense profit. Previously, she had completed the collaboration with Wickam Group perfectly and didn't require us to do anything. Likewise, we don't have to do anything in this collaboration with Darcey Group and are guaranteed a handsome profit. Liz, thank you for this." 
Norman was so furious that he wanted to yell at someone. 
Likewise, Linda was on the verge of cursing out loud from anger. 
On the other hand, everyone was worried that Elisa would change her mind. Therefore, they rushed to thank her and praised her to the skies. 
Linda's eyes prickled red with jealousy. She realized she had behaved out of character and looked down immediately to avoid people from peering into her emotions. 
However, she could not hold back her envy. 
Is Elisa really that brilliant? I can't accept this! Nelson must have secretly cultivated Elisa's talents and neglected me! Otherwise, how would Elisa know so much? Nelson claimed he treated me like his own daughter. Yet, the reality shows he had always put Elisa first!
Nelson is also a liar!
###chapter943
Chapter 943
Chapter 943 Elisa, Please Don&apost Back Down! 
Elisa shook her head. "We are all in the same company, so I can't only think about my interest and not find ways to improve the company's standing. I apologize for being direct but judging from the present situation, Benett Corporation is in a state of decline. I fear the company will slowly die if we don't bring in new projects to remedy the situation." 
Elisa's words were the truth, and everyone was aware of this. It was hard not to be mindful of this when the company's income had dropped significantly. 
However… 
No one dared to offend the chairman, so their only choice was to find a way to reverse this. Unfortunately, no one could bring up the matter because of how the chairman was. 
If Elisa began this jewelry project and marketed it with her reputation as Rene, it would be easy for the company to grow to another level. 
Therefore, everyone suddenly became filled with anticipation. They looked forward to seeing Elisa surprise them with her abilities. 
Norman's face turned sullen. How dare she say the company is in decline? She is humiliating me before everyone! How am I to face them now? 
Linda was furious and desperately wanted to snap back at Elisa. 
She hesitated before saying, "Elisa, we know how skilled you are, but you don't know how to lead a company. You have no idea how competitive businesses are nowadays. Previously, the company could keep growing as there was less competition in the same industry. There weren't many companies around then."
Elisa pursed her lips and smiled tauntingly. "Is that so?" 
Linda gritted her teeth. Of course, it is! What other reasons are there? This b*tch now dares to get my father into trouble! Where did she get all that courage? 
Elisa answered calmly, "If it were merely competition from companies in the same field, it would still be understandable. However…" 
At this point, she suddenly turned to Linda before expressing, "What if it was due to selfish desires? If you hadn't threatened to refuse collaboration with Wickam Group over the wedding, why would the collaboration profits drop so significantly?" 
Linda panicked and argued urgently, "That was because Wickam Group wished to withdraw. They must have engaged a new team." 
"Even so, you didn't have to give us false promises. Your reason also doesn't explain why the profit dropped so drastically. The Wickam family is prominent and cares about its reputation. Must you be coming up with excuses for them?" 
"You…" Linda's jaw clenched tightly. 
Everyone in the meeting room was shocked. 
Elisa rarely talked about company matters. No one expected her to bring out the issues directly. 
Regarding the matter Elisa brought up, even those supporting Norman were dissatisfied. If Norman had not threatened Wickam Group with the collaboration, the company's profit, or at least this year's profit, from the cooperation with Wickam Group would not have plummeted. 
Then, the gains from Elisa and Gareth's project would not have been even better. Back then, everyone only dared to express their dissatisfaction toward Norman implicitly. After all, he was the chairman.
No one expected Elisa to speak openly about it. 
It was satisfying to listen to her sensible retorts. 
Norman's expression darkened further. "Liz, are you saying you're unhappy with how I manage the company?" 
He sounded as if he had been wronged. One could also hear a hint of anger. 
Everyone, including those on Norman's side, looked at Elisa with the same thoughts in their minds. 
Elisa, please don't back down!
###chapter944
Chapter 944
Chapter 944 What Makes You Think I Lack Money? 
Jessie and James looked at Elisa with admiration and felt somewhat emotional. It was because Elisa's demeanor reminded them of the late chairman. Moreover, she seemed even more impressive than he was back then. 
They looked forward to Elisa leading the company. 
Furthermore, they would not accept anyone saying that Elisa lacked experience. Even if she had yet to gain experience leading a company, Jessie and James were more than willing to assist her. 
Moreover, looking at how Elisa's achievements have grown, how could anyone say she lacked experience? 
An inexperienced person could not have drafted the brilliant project proposal Darcey Group and Wickam Group competed for. They were even willing to cover all the costs and distribute the profits to Benett Corporation for free. 
Was it simply because the two men were in love with Elisa? Was that why they fought for the project? Such claims were baseless. 
Jessie and James had seen and listened to Elisa explain the project proposal. 
Everyone could see that it was a top-notch project proposal. 
Furthermore, the project proposals she had amended previously were all difficult to negotiate. Yet, she completed every single one of them. How could anyone not be amazed by this? 
With her abilities, anyone would want to get close to her.
At that moment, everyone was waiting for Elisa to respond. After all, Norman had asked what grievance she had with him. They hoped Elisa's answer would not disappoint. 
Elisa's gaze landed on Norman as she spoke collectedly, "Forgive me for speaking frankly. After my father passed away, his shares should belong to me. However, I never claimed them and even transferred them to you. Yet, all these years, I never received any dividend payment. I wonder how you have been managing those shares." 
Nonsense! 
Norman's face flushed red with fury. 
This d*mn girl has just cheated me of two billion! 
Not only did I have to return all the dividends to her, I even had to give her all my money! 
How dare she say this? 
However, the crowd in the meeting room did not know this and looked at Norman. Everyone knew Norman had been holding Elisa and her late father's shares. However, hearing that Norman never paid Elisa anything was too much for them to accept. 
Everyone could see that Norman was only pretending to care about Elisa. He had caused Elisa much trouble on the pretext of having high expectations for her. However, the truth was that he had gobbled up all her inheritance. 
Things were getting more interesting now that Elisa confronted him about it. 
Everyone watched in anticipation.
On the other hand, James and Jessie seemed concerned. Liz confronted Norman about the shares. Will she be able to demand them back? They signed a contract to transfer the shares back then. 
Could this matter be… 
They looked at Elisa worriedly but did not speak. 
Perhaps Elisa has a plan. Even if she can't get the shares back, she could use this opportunity to expose something to everyone. 
Elisa had always been dependable in all things. After what happened recently, James and Jessie felt more proud of her than ever. 
Norman rebuked sternly, "Liz, it's wrong of you to say that. I told you this back then. You were young, so I was concerned you would waste it. That was why I kept the money for you. It's the same with Linda. I never give her too much money." 
"Uncle Norman, you worry for nothing. What makes you think I lacked money?" 
Norman was so stunned by Elisa's answer that he could not speak.
###chapter945
Chapter 945
Chapter 945 I&aposm Sorry, but I Disagree 
The crowd reacted to Elisa's answer. That's right. Elisa has many prominent identities. Why would she lack money? She is likely wealthier than Norman. 
The crowd suddenly sensed Norman was being pushed into a corner and found it funny. 
On the other hand, Linda could no longer contain her anger and immediately defended Norman. "My father didn't know of your many identities. Naturally, he didn't know you had so much money and that you knew how to manage them. So, stop blaming him, Liz." 
Linda was unsure about the kind of emotions she should show when saying those words. 
Elisa nodded in a composed manner. "I'm not blaming you, Uncle Norman. I understand you wanted what was best for me. Therefore, you can keep the dividend as a reward for your kindness. I'm forfeiting them to you. Now, you only have to return my father and my shares to me." 
Linda widened her eyes in shock. 
Nonsense! This b*tch is now saying that she doesn't want the previous dividends! But she has already demanded those! We don't have any more money to pay her! 
How dare she now ask for our shares? 
Elisa signed the contract and even placed her thumbprint to transfer the shares! 
The shares are ours! This b*tch has no right to ask them back! 
Norman frowned. "Liz, you have no experience in this regard. We are a family, and this company used to be your father's. Why would I steal your money? I'm only managing it for you. Wait until you're…"
Unconcerned with the rest of his excuse, Elisa interrupted, "There's no need to wait. I'm grateful you have managed it for me for many years. It's time for me to take over everything my father has left behind. It must have been tiring for you all these years." 
James and Jessie were excited upon hearing Elisa's words. 
Is Liz planning to take over the company? 
Norman's knuckles turned white, while Linda was on the verge of losing her temper in front of the others. B*tch! How dare she? This company has ceased to be her father's since long ago! Her father is dead! How dare she make demands now? 
Norman's supporters frowned. One of them said, "Ms. Elisa, do you mean you will manage the company in the future?" 
Elisa looked at the person and replied evenly, "The company was my father's to begin with, so naturally, I'm succeeding him. The shares Uncle Norman has are only lent to him temporarily. Is there any problem?" 
"I'm sorry, but I don't agree with this." 
Elisa turned to the man who had spoken. His hair was parted in the middle, and he had an expression that was hard to read. However, Elisa could sense his dissatisfaction and distrust. 
"I apologize if I offended you, but you're too young. While we know your talents and abilities, managing the company is different. There has been no disturbance and unrest in the company in the few years Mr. Benett succeeded in the chairman's position. Everything proceeded as usual. Can you guarantee you can lead this company to continuous growth once you take over?" 
Elisa answered in a composed manner, "I can. If I fail, I'll pay you all two billion."
###chapter946
Chapter 946
Chapter 946 Let Me Clarify Something 
The crowd was stunned. 
What the heck? 
Two billion! 
That's a freaking large sum! 
Moreover, those with fewer shares would need a long time to earn two billion! 
Since she dares to make such a claim, she is confident she will make the company thrive under her leadership. 
Everyone suddenly became indecisive. 
They thought that even if Elisa never managed a company, she still had the support of Wickam Group and Darcey Group. Furthermore, she had many prominent identities. Thus, she would attract many who appreciated her skills and talents to collaborate with Benett Corporation. Moreover, she had the support of trustworthy shareholders such as James and Jessie. It seemed the company would advance under her management. 
Suddenly, everyone began to look forward to the results she could bring. 
Norman frowned. "Liz, the company is unstable at the moment. If you take back the shares now, it could worsen the company's situation. This is not a good plan. If you must reclaim your shares, can you delay until the situation improves?" 
In other words, Norman was unwilling to return the shares. What he said was only an excuse to delay the matter to give him time to figure out a plan.
Those supporting James felt inexplicably worried. If Norman deliberately delayed the matter, things would get troublesome. 
Those supporting James felt inexplicably worried. If Norman deliberately delayed the matter, things would get troublesome. 
They instinctively looked at Elisa and noticed she was unconcerned. "Uncle Norman, the contract you made me sign to transfer the shares is full of discrepancies. From what I see, it is invalid." 
Norman, Linda, and many shareholders were shocked. 
However, James and his supporters were suddenly filled with anticipation. 
On the other hand, Norman's supporters began to panic. 
One said, "The late chairman passed away too suddenly then and did not leave a will. Mr. Benett is the late chairman's biological brother, so naturally, he was a good candidate to take over the chairman position and should inherit a portion of the shares. Looking at the situation now, we have the right to vote to appoint a new chairman." 
It was Keith Lance who said those words. He was one of Norman's supporters, but his words caused Norman's expression to darken further. 
D*mn it! What is this idiot thinking? 
How could he say something like this? He is giving the enemies a chance to fight back. Is he really on Mr. Benett's side? 
James' supporters looked at Keith with appreciation. One of them could not resist laughing. "You've said it well!"
Keith was confused. 
James smiled and said, "What Keith said is right. We should vote to reach a decision. The disagreement about shares is a personal matter between Elisa and Mr. Benett, so it's not our place to say anything. However, we still have the right to vote for a new chairman." 
Linda's face turned pale. She did not expect things to develop in this direction. 
Jessie nodded in agreement and said solemnly, "That's right. I'm in support of voting. Our company is in a state of decline. If the chairman can't lead the company to prosper, it will be hard to gain the support of the majority. Therefore, I vote for Elisa. I propose her as our new chairman." 
"You…" Keith's eyebrows knitted together. He was too shocked to say anything else. 
Elisa remained unconcerned by the situation. She glanced at the crowd calmly and said, "I wish to clarify something."
###chapter947
Chapter 947
Chapter 947 Everyone Was Stunned! 
Everyone looked at Elisa and knew she was no ordinary person. They had witnessed her capabilities and were willing to respect and listen to her. 
Then, Elisa said evenly, "If my total vote is less than Uncle Norman's, I will leave Benett Corporation and start a new company. If that happens, I will no longer work for Benett Corporation because I will focus on my company. As for the collaboration with Wickam Group, I might eventually transfer it to the new company. Moreover, I will also remove the jewelry collaboration with Darcey Group from Benett Corporation." 
The shareholders were aghast. 
Before this, some of them undermined Elisa's importance in the company. Now that she proclaimed to take away the ongoing project with Wickam Group and the future collaboration with Darcey Group, they finally understood the extent of the losses they would suffer. Furthermore, they would also lose the chance to utilize Elisa's abilities. Everyone was stunned. 
If that happened, their earnings would take a nosedive. 
"How dare you threaten us?" Keith looked at Elisa fiercely. 
Linda was astounded. 
Everyone looked at Elisa and knew she was no ordinary person. They had witnessed her capabilities and were willing to respect and listen to her. 
B*tch! She is threatening us! 
Linda was too furious to utter a word. She did not know what to say.
Norman was fuming at the seams. He did not expect Elisa to dare to oppose him before everyone. Instead, she proudly proclaimed her vital importance to everyone and induced them to expel him. 
However… 
Norman and Linda did not know that Elisa had long planned to remove them but did not have the right opportunity until now. 
Due to Norman's position as the chairman, many people were compelled to support him. But if he lost this position and became an insignificant nobody… 
Elisa remained undisturbed and looked at Keith indifferently. "I'm not threatening anyone. I only stated the facts so that everyone would know what to expect. If everyone still believes Uncle Norman should be the chairman, then that means that the company no longer needs me. I can then leave to carve my path." 
James laughed. "In that case, I wish to clarify my position too. If Elisa leaves this company, I will leave with her. We will start a design company." 
They were not short of money, especially Elisa. 
B*tch! She is threatening us! 
Linda was too furious to utter a word. She did not know what to say. 
Jessie also nodded. "Hmm, I will leave the company with them too." 
After James and Jessie declared their stance, everyone on James' side announced their positions too. 
Almost everyone on James' side suddenly wanted to leave the company if Elisa lost the vote.
Even though the shareholders were split into two sides with opposing opinions, everyone knew James's importance to the company. They frequently needed his guidance and decisions on many projects. 
If there were ten projects, Norman could only deal with two. The remaining eight would require James and Jessie to manage them. 
Furthermore, most of the shareholders who supported Norman were incompetent. 
The capable ones all stood on James' side. 
Benett Corporation was already in a worrying state. If James and his people left, the company would be doomed. 
Therefore, those siding with Norman were stunned. 
Therefore, everyone believed that if Elisa set up a company, it would overtake Benett Corporation within a few months.
###chapter948
Chapter 948
Chapter 948 She Was Capable 
No one expected Elisa to suddenly cause a stir, resulting in many people threatening to leave the company. 
It did not matter whether she was threatening them. No one dared to risk it. 
Norman laughed furiously, "It seems all of you have been dissatisfied with me as the chairman." 
Elisa met his gaze indifferently. "Only the capable ones should take charge." 
How arrogant! 
Everyone looked at Elisa uncertainly. Does she not know that she's inviting criticism with those words? 
But… 
Somehow, the more arrogant and daring she was, the more everyone anticipated to see what she would do. 
It was because she could surpass their expectations. 
Furthermore, any of her secret identities was enough to astound the world if revealed. 
Especially her being Rene Caovilla. None of the shareholders expected or dared to dream of being in the same room as her. 
Rene was a renowned jewelry and couture designer. A collaboration with her would lead to unimaginable profit. 
Profit was all that a businessman cared about.
On the other hand, Linda's eyes burned with fury. "Liz, you don't have much experience. How can you mock your uncle and humiliate him before everyone? How could you do this to your family?" 
Norman's expression darkened intimidatingly. 
"Enough!" he said sternly and gave off a threatening aura. 
It seemed Elisa had gotten used to Gareth's cold and intimidating demeanor. Since she was not afraid of Gareth, Norman's sudden outburst of fury felt like nothing to her. 
Then, she announced calmly, "Why don't we have a vote to decide this? After all, your side proposed to have a vote. So, let's start the vote now. Any ions?" 
James smiled. "None from me." 
Jessie said, "Okay, I have no ions either." 
"Same here." 
"I agree we should have a vote. Benett Corporation is declining. If this continues, I don't even want to imagine the consequences." 
"That's right. Benett Corporation is surviving on the reserve the late chairman had built. It's probably running out too." 
The other shareholders voiced their opinions. Norman clenched his teeth furiously. He never knew these people were harboring such criticisms against him. 
Norman's expression darkened intimidatingly. 
"Enough!" he said sternly and gave off a threatening aura.
###chapter949
Chapter 949
Chapter 949 Anonymous Voting 
Even a few of Norman's supporters supported voting, mocking him for being at fault in this matter. 
Argh… 
I never knew these people had so many complaints against me! 
They never dared to say anything before, but Elisa's words caused these people to show their true colors! 
Norman and Linda tried to find a way to delay voting. However, James would never give them a chance. 
He pulled out from his bag a stack of rectangular cards around the size of name cards. 
"Everyone, I have prepared these cards. Each card is written with Mr. Benett and Liz's names. To vote, all you have to do is tick before the name of your chosen candidate. This is to allow everyone to vote anonymously and ensure fairness." 
Norman's supporters secretly breathed a sigh of relief. They were in favor of voting anonymously. 
Before this, they were troubled about how they should vote. Everyone wished to vote for Elisa. 
After all, Elisa would bring high profits to the company. However, they had been supporting Norman for a long time and were afraid of the consequences. 
They feared Norman would cause them trouble if he found out they voted for Elisa. 
If Norman was still the chairman after this, those who voted against him could no longer remain in the company.
Even if Norman was voted out of the chairman position, he still had deep connections within the company. Therefore, he would make their life difficult no matter the result. 
James stood up and distributed the cards. Only Norman and Elisa were not given the right to vote. 
Norman saw everyone take their pens to vote and said through gritted teeth, "You… How dare you do this to me?" 
"It's only voting. I don't think you will lose to a young lady. I will vote for you, Mr. Benett!" The person immediately drew a tick before Norman's name. 
However, that did not calm Norman. He secretly scolded the idiot in his mind. 
He knew people would still vote no matter what he said, and he would lose. 
D*mn it! D*mn it! 
I will never forgive these people! Never! 
James returned to his seat and smiled at everyone. "All right, let's begin voting." 
They feared Norman would cause them trouble if he found out they voted for Elisa. 
"Sure." 
Some shareholders were indecisive over whom to vote while others decisively ticked a candidate's name. 
Once everyone finished voting, James stood up and said, "Please give your cards to me." 
Everyone returned the cards to James. Then, James gave them to Jessie to record the cards and project them onto the screen. This allowed everyone to read what was written on the cards.
"I will now process the votes." 
Everyone focused on the screen and watched James stack votes to Elisa and Norman separately. They could see that Elisa's stack was twice as high as Norman's. 
Furthermore, they witnessed the whole vote-counting process and could find no issue with it. 
However, for fairness, James smiled and said, "I will now count the number of votes." 
Then, he took one of the votes for Elisa and said, "I'll count Elisa's first. One, two, three…" 
Whenever he counted a vote, he showed everyone that there was a tick before Elisa's name on the card.
###chapter950
Chapter 950
Chapter 950 The New Chairman 
He made sure to show each vote so that everyone could confirm there was nothing wrong with it. 
Norman's face gradually turned grimmer with each count. 
Will I lose the chairman position today? 
He never expected Elisa to dare to do this to him. 
At that moment, he deeply regretted not killing her in the past. 
He failed to eliminate a hidden threat, leaving him with numerous troubles in the present day. 
James soon finished counting Elisa's votes and counted Norman's few votes. 
Norman's expression had become threatening. 
Once James finished counting, he smiled. "Mr. Benett, you are an ordinary shareholder from now on." 
Norman smoldered with resentment. 
D*mn it! D*mn it! 
Even my supporters didn't all vote for me. They abandoned me for that high profit. Elisa! Elisa! I will kill you one day! 
James did not allow him to speak or look at his threatening expression. Instead, he smiled and announced, "Now, let's welcome our new chairman!" 
He began to clap. Everyone on his side applauded enthusiastically.
However, Norman's supporters did not clap their hands. No one wished to reveal that they had voted for Elisa. 
Norman sneered at their pretense. I will find out who didn't vote for me! 
Elisa nodded calmly and said, "I won't waste everyone's time with a formal thank you speech. From now on, I will prove through my actions that you have made the right choice in choosing me. Now, let's discuss the jewelry and couture design project plan." 
Although Elisa was still in the lowest-ranking seat, everyone revered her. 
An honorable seat did not make the person seated on it the most respected. 
Instead, Elisa naturally had an air of prominence about her that she could sit anywhere and still command the most respect. 
Then, everyone listened attentively to Elisa presenting the project plan. 
Although Benett Corporation would not be carrying out the project, Elisa explained clearly and informed them how Darcey Group would manage it. Everyone was satisfied with her explanation and approved of her plan. 
They even began to anticipate the numerous earnings that would come their way. 
Once the meeting ended, Norman said coldly, "Liz, Linda, come to my office for a while." 
Elisa arched her eyebrows, but James smiled. "Mr. Benett, will you show Elisa her new office yourself? What do you think, Liz? Do you like the interior of that office? If not, I can arrange another one for you." 
"It's okay. I miss seeing my father's old office."
Norman was rendered speechless. 
His rage pulsed through his veins. He called Elisa over to take revenge against her, but someone got in the way again. 
Norman remained silent and walked to the office. 
Linda glanced at Elisa. Too many people were around, so she could not do anything unseemly. So she could only clench her teeth and head to the chairman's office. 
James glanced at Elisa as if to ask if she needed him to go with her. Elisa smiled and shook her head. She took her things and went to the chairman's office.
###chapter951
Chapter 951
Chapter 951 You Can&apost Always Have Your Way 
There's nothing here that belonged to Dad. Norman replaced everything! 
Frustration surged in Elisa's heart. However, she had always known Norman would eventually change everything in her father's office. Furthermore, he would likely not want to use anything that belonged to her father. 
She breathed in slowly and remained silent. 
Norman and Linda had sullen expressions as they glared at Elisa. 
Linda scolded, "Elisa, do you think you have won?" 
Elisa returned to her senses and looked at Linda indifferently. "I'm now the chairman. Isn't that considered winning?" 
Linda was rendered speechless. 
B*tch! 
Why must I still suffer from this b*tch? 
I will kill her with my own hands one day! 
Norman's face contorted into bitterness and rage. Finally, he erupted with fury, "Elisa, you have better reverse everything to how it was! Do you think it's easy being the chairman? Do you have any idea how much pressure this position entails? Benett Corporation will go bankrupt in your hands!" 
Norman had no part in the company's founding, but he knew the company contained immense wealth. He would never willingly miss out on this good fortune.
He desperately wished to kick Elisa out of the company. Even if the company was in a constant state of decline, he could still enjoy all its benefits. 
The only downside was that the company would earn less profit than when Nelson was alive. 
Still, Norman would be making a lot more than before because he had the most shares. 
Therefore, he would still stand to gain no matter what. 
Elisa snorted and looked at him indifferently. "The company is a mess after you have taken over. I regret letting you manage it." 
Norman's lips drew back in a snarl, and he snapped, "There's nothing wrong with my management. Stop saying such nonsense. Since you're Black-Eyed Susan, give me back my money! You have better cough up that two billion. Otherwise, don't blame me for what I'm about to do!" 
Linda's anger pounded in her like a frantic drumbeat. 
This b*tch cheated my family of two billion! 
Elisa snorted and asked, "Are you sure I owe you two billion?" 
He desperately wished to kick Elisa out of the company. Even if the company was in a constant state of decline, he could still enjoy all its benefits. 
She looked at Norman coldly. "You have been holding my father and my shares all these years. You promised to pay two billion for the shares. Did you overpay?" 
Elisa no longer bothered pretending to be unaware of the truth. Even the outsiders already knew they were enemies. Therefore, it was pointless acting nice in private. She did not care even if they recorded her.
After all, she had the shareholders' support. 
Norman gritted his teeth and pointed at Elisa furiously. "Elisa, do you know what will happen now that outsiders know about our enmity? What makes you think you can retain the previous projects after you become the chairman? Do you know that…" 
Elisa had no patience to listen to him and interrupted coldly, "You don't have to worry about these things. I can manage this company well. Even if I don't, I still have Will and Gareth's support. Trust me. This company shall exist forever." 
Linda sneered in mocking fury, "You think everything will always go your way?"
###chapter952
Chapter 952
Chapter 952 Stop Dreaming 
"Do you think you can stay beautiful forever and keep those men interested in you? Who do you think you are? They don't love you and only use you because you are worth something. Elisa, do you think you're so special?" 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. She was not angry but smiled vaguely. "You have a point. Beauty won't last forever. However, I will maintain what I already own. I have many cards up my sleeve that will make them want to collaborate with me. Thanks for reminding me about that. They will not give up working with me!" 
Linda was rendered speechless. 
She felt a sudden discomfort like a lump stuck in her chest. 
She said through gritted teeth, "Stop dreaming! That's impossible. What makes you think you will still be at an advantage as time progresses? Soon, others will overtake you. Then, they will abandon you for someone better. Do you think you will still be able to maintain the company then?" 
Elisa smirked. "You should wait and see then. At least I won't do as badly as a chairman as Uncle Norman did." 
"You!" A vortex of fury swirled through Norman. "Elisa, do you have no respect for your uncle?" 
"Uncle?" Elisa broke out in laughter. "Do you still see yourself as my uncle? Am I still your niece?" 
Her words were full of mockery. Norman's expression darkened when he heard them. 
Before he could retort, Elisa commanded coldly, "I came here to warn you to return my shares to me. People might even praise you if you let go now without a fuss. However, you will be shamed if I bring this matter to court."
Norman gritted his teeth. "You signed the contract to transfer the shares. Who are you to demand them back?" 
Elisa chuckled. "Back then, I naively believed your words and signed the contract to fulfill your ideas. I signed the contract to show everyone you have the most shares and make you more persuasive among the shareholders. In other words, the contract was only to show to the shareholders. However, you should know that the share transfer document your lawyer prepared has many loopholes. I can easily find a few of them to make you compensate my shares and return the money you withheld from me all these years. I can even multiply your penalties because what you did is cheating." 
"You…" Norman suddenly did not know what to say. His face flushed red with rage, but he was already considering what Elisa said. 
If this matter goes to court, it will become a fraud case! Could Elisa be trying to trick us? Is she playing with our minds? 
Linda also did not believe Elisa. Dad had appointed a brilliant lawyer to prepare the transfer document. It's impossible that the document is full of loopholes. After all, the lawyer had written many share transfer documents for similar situations and was experienced in this matter! 
She sneered and looked at Elisa disdainfully. "Elisa, stop trying to scare us. Do you think we believe you? You have recently cheated us of two billion. How dare you want our shares! Why don't you drop dead and go to hell!"
###chapter953
Chapter 953
Chapter 953 A Threat From Elisa 
Linda's eyes were filled with bitter resentment, and she was dying to tear Elisa into pieces. 
Elisa glanced at them indifferently and said, "You willingly participated in the hacker's transaction, so please don't think I swindled you out of your money. In fact, I've been very gracious to you during the meeting. You may take the profits over the past years; I just want the shares." 
"In your dreams!" Norman flared up. "I'm left with nothing because you've extorted all my money. How dare you ask for the shares?!" 
Linda's eyes turned bloodshot as she was boiling in anger. 
Elisa snorted. "Go ahead and make a big fuss. I can demand in court that you compensate the profits to me. You'll be hundreds of millions in debt and become everyone's laughing stock by then. It's your call." 
Linda and Norman were so exasperated that they were at a loss for words. 
They could tell that Elisa was serious – she was not joking or threatening them! 
Elisa continued calmly, "You have three days to consider. If you still can't decide by then, get ready to receive the court summons." 
"Elisa Bennett, do you really want to make it a big deal and expose the Benetts' scandals to the public?! After all, we're a family. We shouldn't bring the matter to court!" Norman yelled hatefully. 
Elisa gazed at them with a half-smile. "But your attitude doesn't seem like you're willing to settle things out of court. I'm saying this one last time – if you're willing to give up on the shares, you may keep the profits earned over the past years. However…"
Elisa paused briefly before continuing, "If you refuse to return the shares to me three days later, then forget about it. We shall meet in court!" 
With that, Elisa lost her patience and blurted coldly, "Now, get out of here, Norman Bennett!" 
"You!" 
Norman trembled in rage and scowled, "Fine! You rascal!" After that, he stomped away. 
He did not even manage to sit on the chairman's seat after he entered the meeting room today. 
"Elisa Bennett, do you really want to make it a big deal and expose the Benetts' scandals to the public?! After all, we're a family. We shouldn't bring the matter to court!" Norman yelled hatefully. 
Linda was driven mad but couldn't care less about the others now. If they could crush Elisa within the next three days, all their troubles would be gone. 
At that thought, Linda walked out of the meeting room. She was clever enough not to immediately call the mysterious man after returning. Instead, she called Rose and told her about the incident. 
Rose was flabbergasted when she heard the news. "I can't believe Elisa will go this far!" 
"She fell out with us in front of all the directors. She snatched the chairman's position, and dad was utterly embarrassed in the meeting. The shareholders who originally pledged loyalty to dad turned their coats and sided with Elisa! All of them are cowards!" 
Linda raised her voice toward the end in despair. 
Rose furrowed her brows but did not answer. Linda blurted anxiously, "Say something, Mom. What should we do? If we continue to allow Elisa to drive us to the corner, we'll be doomed!"
###chapter954
Chapter 954
Chapter 954 New Tricks 
"Where's your dad?" 
"He went out, but I have no idea what he is up to." 
Rose answered, "Let me call him first. Don't act recklessly or look for the mysterious man for now." 
Linda was startled for a moment before she hummed, "Alright. Hurry up and call me back later." 
"Okay." 
After hanging up, Rose immediately called Norman. The latter answered the call in no time. 
"What is it?" Norman sounded frustrated, as if he had lost his patience with talking to Rose. 
"Linda called me and told me about the incident." Rose replied with a frown. 
Norman paused momentarily and croaked, "Do you have any idea now?" 
"You should get some elite lawyers to check if there's anything wrong with the contract." 
Norman uttered with a sullen look, "The lawyer who drafted the contract was an experienced expert. The only person that is as good as him and capable of fighting against Elisa is Vincent, but do you think we can hire him?!" 
Norman became more annoyed and nearly wanted to hang up the call. 
Rose answered calmly, "I remember one of the shareholders who were loyal to you is Vincent's relative. Make a copy of the contract and hide the confidential details. Tell him you're asking on behalf of a friend and get his help to check the contract."
"Where's your dad?" 
"He went out, but I have no idea what he is up to." 
Only then did Norman have a sudden realization. "Oh, right! I'll find him now and see if he has any idea!" 
"Mm-hmm." 
Norman hung up and contacted the said shareholder. The person readily agreed to his request and went to find Vincent after receiving the contract from Norman. 
Meanwhile, Vincent was in distress at home. He just called Rachel, but the latter behaved like a tomboy. Not only did she spit harsh words, but she also hung up on him! He had the urge to barge into Rachel's house and strangle her so she would obey him. 
Just then, the sound of the phone ringing jolted him back to his senses. He knitted his brows when he saw the incoming call from a relative who seldom contacted him. Nonetheless, he still picked up the call. "Hi. What is it?" 
"Hey Vincent, sorry to disturb you. I have a share transfer agreement and really need your help here. Can you please help me check if there's any problem with the contract?" 
Only then did Norman have a sudden realization. "Oh, right! I'll find him now and see if he has any idea!" 
Vincent frowned in displeasure, but he immediately recalled this person was a shareholder of Benett Corporation. He narrowed his eyes, pondering if this request was related to Elisa. 
So, he asked tentatively, "Are you planning to transfer your shares?" 
"Oh, it's just some internal affair within the company, but it's related to shares transfer."
Elisa's incident caused a sensation in the company. The shareholders might not be able to keep it dark, but he did not dare to tell a lie. Otherwise, if Vincent found out the truth, he would not do him a favor and might even pick on him in the future. As such, he could only answer in an ambiguous way. 
Vincent lifted his brows. "Send me the document. I'm occupied with something else now, so I'll only look into it at night." 
"Sure. Thank you, Vincent! I'll send the document to you right away." 
"No problem." 
Vincent's curiosity was piqued after the call ended. It seems like many things have been happening in Benett Corporation recently. I wonder if Elisa is up to some new tricks. Although I'm not concerned, someone else is.
###chapter955
Chapter 955
Chapter 955 An Obvious Question 
And so, he called Gareth. However, Gareth did not say a word after picking up the call. 
Vincent was used to Gareth being taciturn, so he went straight to the point. "Is Elisa up to some plans recently?" 
"Why do you ask?" Gareth frowned slightly and dismissed his intention to hang up. 
After all, Vincent often called him to talk nonsense. 
Vincent realized something upon perceiving Gareth's tone. "So, it's true." 
"What happened?" 
Vincent tutted. "A relative called me just now. He's a shareholder of Benett Corporation, and he asked me to help check a share transfer agreement." 
Gareth lifted his brows. "I guess Elisa has asked Norman for his shares." 
Vincent was surprised. Crossing his legs, he clicked into the agreement and said nonchalantly, "She's very bold, but this could be a chance for Norman to take advantage of any loopholes. She must be very confident to give him a fatal blow." 
Gareth snorted. "Do you think Elisa is someone who would take action recklessly?" 
After reading one page of the agreement, Vincent smirked. "No wonder Elisa can be so bold – this agreement has tons of loopholes." 
Gareth narrowed his eyes and did not reply.
Vincent finished perusing the document in no time and laughed in spite of himself. "Dear Mr. Wickam, I'm the one who can make the call now. What would you like me to do? Shall I point the loopholes out?" 
Obviously, Vincent was asking the question as a joke because he would surely follow Gareth's instruction. After all, Gareth was concerned about Elisa. 
However, Gareth suddenly recalled the harsh words that Elisa had said to him. She said they were unrelated and asked him to mind his business and not control her life. She said he had no rights to do so because they had divorced. 
At once, Gareth was filled with anger and sneered, "What does that have to do with me?" 
"Tsk. Are you really going to sit back?" 
Gareth snorted and gave no response. His intention was clear. 
Vincent took a dig at him without hesitating. "Why is it so hard to admit that you like Elisa? She's fighting alone now, and Will will not let go of any chance. You don't take the initiative and keep pushing her away. Not only that, you even plan to sit back now. You will regret it sooner or later." 
After reading one page of the agreement, Vincent smirked. "No wonder Elisa can be so bold – this agreement has tons of loopholes." 
Gareth's expression turned sulky, and he hung up immediately. 
Vincent was annoyed at Gareth's response and sent him a message via WhatsApp. 
'Go ahead and be arrogant, you jerk! You're gonna regret it someday!' 
When Gareth read the message, his eyes fixed on the words 'regret it'.
Regret it? Elisa is a completely different person now. She's extremely aggressive and ambitious. She's also involved in an ambiguous relationship with another man! Why would I regret it? Such a woman doesn't deserve me! 
Gareth put his phone on the table and continued working. 
On the other hand, Vincent was not surprised to receive no reply from Gareth. So, he clicked into the agreement again.
###chapter956
Chapter 956
Chapter 956 Under Our Nose 
There were indeed a few flaws in the agreement. It would be an easy win for Elisa if the matter were brought to court. In fact, he would directly turn Norman down if the latter asked for his help because this case was an unchallenging losing battle. 
However, since Gareth decided to turn a blind eye to it, Vincent would do as he wished. He was determined to interfere with the matter and force Gareth to take the initiative. 
If Elisa were in trouble, Gareth would not possibly sit back. Vincent was ready to mock Gareth when the latter finally gave in to help Elisa. 
At that thought, Vincent replied to Peter, his relative. 'There are many flaws in the agreement. I suggest redoing it.' 
Peter was stunned upon receiving the message and quickly called Norman after replying to Vincent. 
"Mr. Benett, things are not looking good! Vincent replied to me just now and said the agreement is flawed. He suggested redoing it." 
Dumbfounded, Norman blurted instinctively, "How could that be?!" 
The lawyer he hired back then was a top-tier lawyer. He had even hired other lawyers to prove the agreement, and no flaws were pointed out. 
Peter was flustered. "I-I have no idea…" 
Norman uttered with a darkened face, "Alright." 
With that, he hung up and sank into deep thoughts in his office.
He was in a daze for a long time and failed to reach a conclusion even after mulling over it. 
He did not bother to have dinner upon reaching home. 
Even Linda and Rose were looking dejected. Rose casually prepared some food and served it. "Let's eat first and discuss the matter after dinner." 
"I don't feel like eating." Norman blurted coldly and remained sitting on the couch with no intention of moving. 
Linda went to sit down on the couch and croaked with a sullen look, "Me too." 
Rose sighed. She did not have much appetite to begin with. Now that they refused to eat, she had no desire to eat, so she sat on the couch. 
Looking at Norman and Linda's distressed looks, Rose furrowed her brows. "No matter what, we must find a way to solve the situation. Since Elisa messed with the agreement, we can't let her have her way!" 
Peter was flustered. "I-I have no idea…" 
Norman uttered with a darkened face, "Alright." 
Norman laughed in anger. "What other ways do we have? You know Peter's reply – Vincent said the agreement has flaws. Everyone knows Iris is an extremely capable lawyer. It's a piece of cake for her to turn the corner!" 
If Elisa demanded him to fork out his shares and compensate for the huge amount of money, he would be driven to the corner! He was unwilling to fork out his shares, let alone a huge compensation. The shares worthed a tonne! 
At that moment, Norman was almost driven crazy out of vexation.
Linda gnashed her teeth. "What a b*tch! We shouldn't have shown mercy. We should have killed her together back then!" 
"She had already married Gareth then and was not with us. You even have to pretend to be in a vegetative state. How were we supposed to lay a finger on her? We could get rid of Nelson because he was a fool and had no guards against us. He was right under our nose."
###chapter957
Chapter 957
Chapter 957 Get Screwed 
In other words, they intended to get rid of Elisa at that time, but they just didn't have the chance to. 
Linda roared in exasperation, "What should we do now? Sit and await our doom?! Even if we want to kill her now, it will be difficult because she has had her guard up. We'll be finished if the matter is brought to court!" 
Rose frowned and muttered, "Actually, I'm thinking of one thing." 
Her response attracted Linda and Norman's attention. Rose was the most sharp-witted among them. Linda and Norman sensed Rose already had an idea, although it could be hard to implement. 
Norman blurted impatiently, "Spit it out." 
Rose glanced at Norman and said calmly, "Vincent and Gareth are buddies, and Elisa is quite close with Gareth now. Don't you think something is fishy?" 
Stunned, Norman stared fixedly at Rose and mumbled, "You mean…" 
Linda was shocked, too, and immediately said, "Could it be that Vincent is instructed by Gareth to deliberately deceive us?!" 
Rose shook her head with knitted brows. "I haven't figured it out yet – it's just my analysis of the current situation. Whether Gareth likes Elisa or not, Elisa's multiple identities must have caught his attention. For the sake of his own benefit, he naturally would think Elisa is a suitable partner. As Gareth's close friend since young, Vincent would definitely help him." 
Linda's expression changed. "Yeah, I think it is weird too. Besides Vincent, we've hired many other lawyers to prove the agreement. None of them opined there was something wrong with the document.
Only Vincent and Elisa said so, and they are on the same side! Yes, this must be the case!" 
Linda slammed the table indignantly. "Elisa is intimidating us with her identity. In fact, she couldn't find any flaws in the agreement. She's waiting for us to fall into the trap and ask for help from Vincent while Vincent would give the same assertion. If we fork out the shares so that Elisa will not sue us and demand the profits from past years in court, that b*tch will get her way!" 
Elisa had said she would only demand the shares if the matter was settled out of court. Otherwise, she would demand both the shares and profits. 
Norman sank into deep thoughts as he listened to Rose and Linda's interpretation. 
Rose heaved a sigh. "That's my thought, but I can't say for sure. So, I think we should continue hiring other lawyers and professionals to check the agreement to see if it is indeed flawed. I don't believe that only Vincent and Elisa could tell it. Other professionals must be able to detect it too." 
Norman nodded in agreement. "Yeah, we still have time. I'll get my men to work on this immediately." 
He took out his phone and instructed his subordinates to handle the matter. 
Linda took a deep breath and said, "Hope this crisis will end soon. We can't get screwed by Elisa anymore!"
###chapter958
Chapter 958
Chapter 958 Can&apost Let Them Have Their Ways 
Norman and Rose made no comment. The current Elisa was completely beyond their expectation. None of them had thought Elisa would one day become this powerful. 
Why didn't they notice something was off with Elisa in the past? Elisa had grown under their nose, but why didn't they notice her talents? Or was it because they had always made light of Elisa's capabilities? After all, her academic results were consistently outstanding during her school days. 
… 
Elisa stood in front of her father's tomb with complicated emotions. She missed Nelson dearly. Even the passers-by could sense her sorrow from afar. 
Elisa gazed at Nelson's picture on the tomb. He was wearing an amiable smile in the picture. She inhaled deeply and mumbled, "Dad, I haven't come to visit you in a while. I hope you're not mad at me." 
Her voice was soft and slightly hoarse. She snuffled and hummed, "I grew up without mom's accompaniment. All I cared about back then was to marry an unworthy man, and I even neglected the intention of those greedy people." 
"It's all my fault. If I had stayed at home back then, I might have noticed something was wrong with them, but all I cared about was the man, which caused me to lose you forever. I'm sorry, Dad…" 
Elisa's voice was trembling and hardly audible. 
She sat down beside the tomb in dismay and leaned against the tombstone. She bit her lips and continued, "How I wish I could destroy them immediately to avenge your death. I know you wouldn't want me to turn against them, but I'm sorry, Dad, I cannot do as you wish. They did such great evil to you; I can't let them live happily. Even if I can't send them to death, I'll make them experience a living hell."
"I'm an unfilial daughter – I couldn't care for you or fulfill your wish. But I hope you can meet me in my dream. Will you, Dad? I miss you so much…" 
Someone mentioned Nelson during the meeting today, which pierced Elisa's heart. So, she came directly to the graveyard after work to spend time with her father… 
She had a busy schedule recently, so it had been a while since she came. 
"Just wait and see, Dad. Those greedy and evil people are not worthy of your care. If I don't get rid of them, they'll get rid of me sooner or later. They've repeatedly tried to hunt me down and wanted to kill me. I'll be safe and sound, Dad. I know that's your wish. I can't let them have their ways." 
Elisa sat beside the tomb and continued mumbling from time to time. 
As the wind dried her tears, she gradually regained her composure and said with a smile, "I'm heading back first, Dad. There is much work to be done. I must not slack off during this time. I'll come and visit you again when my work is finished." 
"I'm sorry, Dad…" Elisa spat the three words solemnly and stared at Nelson's peaceful smile in the picture. Then, she took a deep breath and left.
###chapter959
Chapter 959
Chapter 959 She Became Chairwoman 
Elisa became more determined. It was as if she had obtained her father's consent after talking to him. 
On the other hand, James spread the news about Elisa's appointment as the chairwoman after the meeting ended. 
Everyone was astounded to hear the news while Elisa's fans were pumped up. They were eager to see Elisa assume the chairmanship and celebrated her achievement on social media. 
'OMG! Our Elisa became the chairwoman! She's amazing!' 
'Exactly! She's unbelievable! Not only is she talented, but she even became the chairwoman. There is no limit to Elisa! She's going to be so outstanding that no one can be in her league.' 
'Yeah, man! Way to go, Elisa!' 
Her fans praised her enthusiastically in their comments as if she was a superhero. 
Naturally, some critics attacked Elisa too. 
'What's so great about her? She is the ex- chairman's daughter and couldn't run the business because she was young back then. Now that she has become more capable, her uncle returns the business to her. It's not because of how good she is.' 
'Ditto. All her diehard fans do is fawn over her. How disgusting!' 
'What the hell are you talking about? Elisa deserved to become the chairwoman!' 
'Bet you're the only one thinking so. She's a typical scheming woman – look how many secrets she kept. I'm sure she did many evil deeds in the dark. She only exposed the truth now that she can't hide it
anymore. It's funny how you guys are admiring her. Can't you think rationally?' 
Once again, Elisa's matter became a trending topic on Twitter and caused heated discussions among the netizens. 
However, Elisa did not bother checking Twitter upon arriving home. 
Just then, she received a call from Rachel. As soon as she answered, Rachel's voice came forth. 
"Oh my goodness! Honey, you dropped a bombshell! I never thought this was what you and Uncle James discussed last time! Congratulations on your appointment! D*mn! I'm so honored to be your friend!" 
Elisa laughed in spite of herself. "Come on. You can count on me." 
"Haha! I'm looking forward to being under your wing. Congrats, girl! But please be cautious of Norman. After all, he's cunning, and you snatched his position openly." 
Rachel was aware of Norman's previous attempts to harm Elisa, so she was worried sick. 
Elisa smiled and answered, "Yeah, don't worry about me. For now, he doesn't dare to point a finger on me." 
"Who knows, they might fight in desperation until all of you perish when they have nothing else to lose. You must put your guard up! You never know what disgusting things they will do!" 
Elisa hummed gently in response while Rachel had yet to recover from her shock. She couldn't help asking, "Norman couldn't possibly step down willingly. How did you make this happen?"
###chapter960
Chapter 960
Chapter 960 None of Them Noticed a Flaw 
"I threatened them." 
"Huh? How?" Rachel was even more confused. 
Eliza answered with a smile, "He once extorted my shares. I was willing to give them to him, but there are flaws in the contract." 
"What?! That's awesome! So he has to return the shares back to you!" Rachel was thrilled. 
"Mm-hmm." 
"D*mn! This evil family is finally facing a setback. Since the contract is invalid, you can demand the earnings from the past years from them!" 
Elisa laughed. "Don't worry about me. I'll settle the rest. At this moment, they can't bother to come after me." 
"I just can't help worrying, but I trust your ability. No matter what, we can't let those bad guys have their ways!" 
Elisa's heart was warmed. "Of course." 
The two continued talking for a while before they ended the call. Sheena and Carle also texted Elisa in the group chat to congratulate her and ask about her situation. Elisa did not reveal the complete situation but told them the same as she had told Rachel because she did not want them to worry. 
Soon, it came to the third day. 
Norman and his family were sitting in the living room, looking sullen.
Linda broke the silence. "Why is no one saying anything? What's the plan?" 
She glanced at Norman before averting her gaze to Rose. "Say something, Mom." 
Rose frowned and looked at Norman. "None of the lawyers noticed any flaws?" 
Norman nodded with a darkened face. "Yeah. I engaged a dozen lawyers, but all their feedback is that the contract is flawless." 
Linda was surprised. "Not even one of them noticed something?" 
"Yes." 
Linda sniggered. "I knew it! Elisa is attempting to intimidate and deceive us with her identity as Iris. It seems like this contract has no loopholes at all!" 
Looking cold, Rose uttered, "Since that is the case, we don't have to be bothered by her. Let her make a fuss as she pleases." 
Norman said solemnly, "I don't care if she's making a fuss, but I'm more concerned that we'll lose face if this matter cannot be solved perfectly." 
Linda snorted. "It's Elisa who wants to turn against us. That's out of our control. Let her make a big fuss if she wants. Ultimately, she will be the one losing face, not us." 
Norman furrowed his brows and said, "I'm worried that if this matter is brought to court, others might think that we're occupying the shares and refuse to give them to Elisa." 
Linda sneered, "All the lawyers agreed there's no error in the agreement except Elisa and Vincent. Both of them are in the same boat – they're clearly intimidating us. Since she can't defeat us with this
agreement, she can do nothing, even if she brings the matter to court. All she can do is continue threatening us." 
Rose nodded. "Linda's right. Although others might think we're unjust if this scandal blows up, Elisa will gain no advantage. Once the judge returns a verdict that is favorable to us, she'll be left with no chance. We shouldn't give in – she has made an unwise choice."
###chapter961
Chapter 961
Chapter 961 Disrespect 
The more the family discussed, the more they opined not to bother with Elisa's threat because they did not believe that Elisa would snatch their shares away. As such, they became fearless. 
Soon, the three days lapsed. When Elisa called Norman, the latter picked up the phone with a sulky look. "Hello." 
Elisa's cold voice emerged. "Have you come to a decision?" 
Norman's face darkened even more as he detested Elisa's hostile and rude attitude – she did not even address him. 
He answered calmly, "You're still too young to own the shares. Moreover…" 
Before he could finish his sentence, Elisa interrupted, "This is your last chance. Since you don't treasure it, don't blame me for being merciless." 
Norman snorted. "How merciless can you be?" 
"You should be aware of what I'll do next, and you shall bear the consequence of your decision. Goodbye." With that, Elisa hung up the call. 
Norman's temples jolted. He thought Elisa would continue threatening him and did not expect her to hang up resolutely. 
Could she be up to something else? 
Could she be up to something else? 
Could she be up to something else?
After hesitating for a while, Norman called Rose. His brain could not function now, so he needed someone to discuss the matter with. 
However, given the current situation, most of his supporters had realized something was off and had changed sides. Some even disregarded him. So, Norman knew he could only rely on his family. 
Rose answered the call in no time. After hearing Norman describing his conversation with Elisa, she frowned and said, "This might be her trick. You will fall into her trap if you start panicking." 
Norman's expression turned ghastly as he cursed through gritted teeth, "D*mn it, this rascal!" 
How dare she fool around with me! 
"Calm down. You must not lose your cool at this moment because that's exactly her intention. Since she's waging psychological warfare, let's ignore her first and let her kick up a fuss as she pleases. Just go to work as usual." 
Norman did not respond as Rose continued, "Don't skip meetings because you think it's embarrassing. Otherwise, it'll benefit her. Who knows, she might be planning some schemes with the others while you are not around." 
"I know. I'll definitely attend the meetings. Even though she has snatched away my position, I have to act as if I'll make a comeback any time soon. Otherwise, the others will brush me off." 
"Mm-hmm. You're right." 
With that, they ended the call. 
Norman remained engulfed by frustration. Since he lost his position as the chairman, he did not have many agendas to attend to and became idle.
This worsened the situation as he had no distractions to alleviate his annoyance. 
Meanwhile, Linda was enraged in her office too. She was unaware of her parents' conversation just now. All that was on her mind was how to destroy Elisa. 
Ever since her enmity toward Elisa was accentuated, she did not realize the times Elisa occupied her mind was multiple times more than that of Gareth.
###chapter962
Chapter 962
Chapter 962 In Need of Reputation 
Nicole was in her office in Tabor Group when someone knocked on her door. 
"Ms. Tabor." 
Nicole regained her composure and lifted her eyes. 
"Come in." 
A formally-dressed secretary came in with a document in her hand. 
"This is the document you requested. There's a meeting with the design department fifteen minutes later." 
"Alright." 
Perceiving no other instructions from Nicole, the secretary hummed in response and left. 
Nicole rubbed her temples and glanced at the document. 
She had heard of the recent changes in Benett Corporation and that Elisa had become the person in charge of the company. 
She wondered what the company would become after Elisa took over the business. Will it thrive vigorously or experience a dreadful downturn? If that happens, will Gareth despise her? Will she eventually become a nobody? 
Nicole pressed her lips. Neither of the speculations seemed possible. 
She massaged her brows, took out her phone and clicked on the contact list.
There was only one contact number saved in her phone – Gareth's, not because she could not memorize his phone number, but because she wanted Gareth to be her one and only. 
After hesitating for a moment, she dialed Gareth's number in a daze. 
After hesitating for a moment, she dialed Gareth's number in a daze. 
The call was picked up in no time. Nicole's body tensed up. She was a bundle of nerves as she did not expect Gareth to answer the call so soon. 
However, before she could indulge in the thrill, Thomas' voice came forth. 
"Hi, Ms. Tabor. It's Thomas here. Mr. Wickam is in a meeting. Is there anything urgent?" 
Nicole and Gareth had numerous business partnerships, so Thomas assumed Nicole called Gareth to discuss work. 
"How long will it take until the meeting ends?" Nicole did not expect Thomas to be the one answering the call, and her nervousness was dismissed immediately. 
"The meeting has just started and will last at least an hour." 
Nicole sighed inwardly as she was relieved. She did not call Gareth with any agenda and merely wanted to listen to his voice. Gareth might think she was weird if he knew she called randomly. 
And so, Nicole was relieved that Gareth did not answer the call lest she annoyed him. 
However, she was dejected at the same time because she had not talked to Gareth for a few days. 
Initially, she thought there would be more chances to connect with Gareth after moving to the office. However, she met him even less after the move.
Finally, she uttered indifferently, "Alright. I'll call him back later then." 
"Sure." 
After the call ended, Nicole continued staring at the screen. Gareth's alias in her phone book was 'Garry'. 
She had conflicting feelings because she couldn't help being attracted to him despite his cold character. 
But alas, the man she adored and cared for was only concerned about Elisa. 
Elisa. Elisa. 
Taking a deep breath, Nicole closed her eyes and leaned against her chair to rest. 
Eight minutes later, she stood up and walked to the meeting room. 
Everyone was already present. Nicole glanced at the people and said calmly, "Let's begin." 
The design department director looked at Nicole and said courteously, "We've had a preliminary plan for the jewelry and costume design. Nonetheless, it's crucial to build our reputation at this stage, so we need a well-known designer."
###chapter963
Chapter 963
Chapter 963 Bold 
Nicole pursed her lips and remained silent, allowing the woman to continue. 
The manager pushed up her glasses and spoke, "We've hit a bottleneck in the company's designs, but it's not due to a lack of skills on our designers' part. Rather, it's because people's tastes are becoming increasingly demanding. It's difficult to satisfy everyone's tastes." 
Nicole furrowed her brows. She looked at the manager and said, "It's true that it's difficult to satisfy everyone's preferences, but ultimately, it's up to you to master the necessary technical skills." 
The manager shook her head and countered, "No, Ms. Tabor, I wasn't trying to dismiss it as a technical issue. I was just trying to state it ively. In terms of color coordination and distribution, our designs are impeccable. Everyone is working diligently." She added, " But if we collaborate with a renowned designer, even if it's just for exposure, we could have a breakthrough." 
Nicole's expression darkened. She became silent. 
The manager gave a quick nod to one of the staff. Her subordinate quickly stood up and projected their design on the screen. 
A model was featured with custom-made attire and jewelry. The fashion was high-end, elegant, and not overly flashy. 
When Nicole saw the design, her mood recovered. She thought to herself, this is acceptable. 
Nicole remained silent. 
The manager glanced at Nicole and said, "If we promote this design, it will be too similar to the issue from last year. We're not pushing the boundaries in the design field if we opt for the safe route. This
strategy does not look good in my books." 
The manager's ive was to see her department outperform the competition. She was always able to come up with original solutions that pleased Nicole. Her ideas voiced out were often bold. 
The staff members of the design department were terrified to . 
The higher-ups had the final say. Subordinates could only obey. 
Nicole didn't say anything. She looked at the manager calmly and said, "Please continue." 
The manager nodded and elaborated further on other conceptual designs. 
Everyone knew the manager was assertive, so no one dared to speak out. 
The staff had no say over the existing presentation. 
The manager looked at Nicole with a solemn expression. She expressed, "So, Ms. Tabor, I hope we can have Rene on board this project. Even if her designs are not implemented, her name is enough to promote the designs. We need to find her." 
The manager startled everyone with her final comments, rendering everyone speechless. 
Nicole's eyebrows furrowed. All eyes were on the manager. 
"I understand that working with Rene is necessary. However, as you know, we don't even know who Rene is. We can't get in touch with her, unfortunately. How can we collaborate?" 
The manager took a deep breath. "I know... we have to try everything. Ms. Tabor, how about you let me go? I'll find a way to convince her with sincerity," she implored.
Nicole observed the manager. Although responsible and bold in her ideas, she was not patient. If she let the manager go, she was worried that she might say something that would upset Rene.
###chapter964
Chapter 964
Chapter 964 Temper Rising 
Nicole gave it some thought. She placed one hand on her forehead. "I have plans for that. It would be best if you keep creating using the existing idea. Although I can send someone to seek Rene, be prepared that we might not locate her." 
Everyone nodded in agreement but kept quiet afterward. 
The meeting was adjourned. 
But Nicole started to show a lot of interest in Rene. 
Nicole had previously wished to work with this unknown individual, but Rene had a cold demeanor and kept her identity a closely guarded secret. Nicole had never been able to locate her. 
She now thought the design department's approach made complete sense. Finding Rene would be a big step in the right direction. 
Another underlying reason for Nicole was to have Gareth take notice of her. She thought, if I can get Rene to work with me, Gareth will have to pay attention! 
Gareth had been watching his ex-wife, but she couldn't possibly deserve his attention unless she stood out. 
… 
Once Elisa and Norman had shared their farewell moment, she gave him another call. 
Although Norman didn't want to respond, he was curious about what Elisa had planned. He picked up the phone.
Norman greeted, "What's up?" 
"What's up?" Elisa smiled unexpectedly and mocked, "You have a terrible memory. Have you already forgotten? So, since you're no longer the chairman, you should feel at ease." 
Norman retorted, "Y-you!" He was bitter recently, and Elisa's snarky remarks irritated him further. 
Elisa calmly added, "You should stay calm, Norman. At your age, you'll risk hypertension. Be careful of that blood pressure." 
Norman yelled, "Elisa! Is this how you treat your elders?" 
Elisa sneered. She answered with sarcasm, "Elder? What elder? Do you even have an ounce of understanding of what it means to be an elder? Or even a brother at that? We've parted ways, Norman." 
Norman's face sank. Does she know something? What is she trying to tell me? 
Elisa interrupted Norman's train of thought. She spoke coldly, "Time is up, Norman. I'll only ask once. What is your decision?" 
There was an air of threat behind Elisa's words. Norman figured disagreeing would lead to disastrous consequences. 
Norman coldly dismissed Elisa's threat. He countered, "I caution you not to have irrational expectations!" 
Norman was sure Elisa had no recordings despite her prior rude statements. He spoke without hesitation. 
Elisa merely sneered and hung up the phone. 
Norman didn't even get a 'goodbye' from Elisa.
Indecisively, he glanced at his phone. Did she hang up? 
Did Elisa hang up? Maybe she accidentally pressed the wrong button? 
Elisa seemed like she was going to say something just now. What made her stop? 
Did Elisa hang up because I was too harsh? 
Has Elisa found a solution? 
She didn't even try to convince me. Elisa just questioned whether I was sure. 
Well, Elisa isn't calling back. It's been a while, so this might mean it's true.
###chapter965
Chapter 965
Chapter 965 Unafraid 
Elisa is expecting my answer! 
No, I must call Rose! 
... 
Elisa's house. 
Rachel, Sheena, and Carle were present. 
It's been a while since they last got together. 
The three were not idle and helped as Elisa prepared a food table. 
Rachel was eager to start eating as soon as everyone had settled down. Rachel exclaimed, "Ah! I can finally eat Elisa's cooking again!" 
Sheena couldn't help but laugh. She added, "You're the greediest! But yes, I, too, miss Elisa's cooking." 
Rachel huffed and said, "See! You miss it too. You're such a hypocrite!" 
Carle smiled and picked up his fork. 
Even though Elisa's wounds had nearly healed, nobody allowed her to consume alcohol. They all opted for juice. 
After a toast, Rachel turned her gaze to Elisa. Rachel remarked, "Elisa, you stated you'd sue the Benett family. Are they not afraid?" 
Elisa mumbled, "Um."
Carle frowned and said, "You've already warned them of action. How could they not be?" 
Sheena thought it was absurd as well and chuckled. She added, "Why are those people so calm at a time like this? Are they still holding on? It's ridiculous." 
Elisa remained neutral and commented, "Recently, they've consulted many lawyers to review the contract for the shares I transferred before. They all insisted that there was no issue. They believe I'm lying to them as an act of intimidation." 
"Oh my god... they have the nerve," scoffed Rachel. 
Sheena calmly said, "Theoretically, the legal representative they sought ought to be knowledgeable and skilled. It should be the same case for the lawyer who wrote the share transfer contract. They thus feel that Elisa is purposely exploiting her persona as Iris and has no other option. They believe she is creating a big deal out of nothing." 
Carle nodded and replied, "That's right. They won't hand over the shares from your threats alone. They'll believe that yielding to you equals falling into your trap." 
Elisa shrugged. "Whatever. The company knows how bad things are between Norman and me and understands their moral standings. Whatever they want to say, let them. I'll radically restructure the business in the next two weeks," said Elisa. 
Carle agreed, "And obtaining those shares is the main goal of the restructuring. In actuality, going public is beneficial as well." 
Elisa smiled, "Let's not talk about that now. Dine in, everyone." 
Rachel, though, gave her a worried glance. She argued, "They attempted to harm you not long ago. That won't work if you issue them with another court summons; I can tell you that much. It would be best to
have some bodyguards on your side, Elisa. Just in case!" 
Elisa's eyes flickered. She said, "I know." 
"Knowing is not enough, Elisa. Action is required. Carle, you should fill that post!" Sheena's displeasure increased as she talked. She fixed a determined gaze on Carle. 
Carle nodded and said, "Okay, I'll handle that." 
Rachel also gave Elisa a rugged look. She prompted, "Elisa, at this time, you really shouldn't be alone. Otherwise, none of us will feel at ease. During the upcoming several days, we'll spend the night with you! Why not invite Carle as well? I won't feel comfortable unless a man is in the house."
###chapter966
Chapter 966
Chapter 966 Gareth is Upset 
Carle's heart skipped a beat, and he promptly agreed, "Okay, I'll stay." 
Elisa's gaze shifted. She refused, "I'll find good bodyguards. You all don't have to..." 
Rachel interrupted, "You're all talk and no show. It's settled! The three of us will stay upstairs while Carle guards below. To thank us, you can prepare some delectable meals for us over the following three days!" It was evident that Rachel was already beginning to see her coming days filled with food as she spoke. Her face reflected hunger. 
Sheena struggled to hold back a chuckle. Sheena argued, "Where will Elisa find the time to prepare meals for you when she works every day?" 
Rachel countered, "Hah… one meal a day is fine!" 
The three of them had an unyielding stance. It seemed they had made up their mind and weren't leaving. Elisa had no choice. However, her feelings of gratitude grew stronger for her friends. 
Carle was efficient and recruited five bodyguards—three men and two women. The two women were there to make things more convenient for Elisa, while the three men were positioned to guard outside. 
Internally, Elisa was grateful for them. She ultimately did not refuse. 
Elisa acknowledged the risk and gratefully appreciated their charity. 
After dinner and a joint clean-up that evening, they talked briefly before retiring to their bedrooms. 
They spent the next few days together. 
News of their arrangement reached the ears of two CEOs.
At Wickam Group. 
Gareth was in his office. Thomas stood in front of him, feeling a bit awkward. Thomas rubbed his nose. 
The office's cool air turned frigid. The temperature gradually lowered. 
Thomas huffed at the uncomfortable tension. He informed, "Despite their renewed friendship, there is no longer any attraction between Carle and Elisa. Also, they are all concerned about Elisa because she will likely encounter some danger. In addition, Carle hired five bodyguards to accompany Elisa at all times because he worries that something unexpected will happen to her." 
After a pause, Thomas added, "Elisa is preparing to sue." 
Gareth remained silent and maintained a stern expression. Thomas could sense the CEO's displeasure from his body language. 
Gareth wouldn't have cared if it had been just Rachel and Sheena, but Carle was in Elisa's house too. 
Gareth decided to make a substantial collaboration with relatively high stakes. "Go contact the Benett family. Tell them about the recently authorized project and have Elisa talk to me about it one-on-one," ordered Gareth. 
Thomas gave Gareth a surprised expression. 
Gareth should have collaborated with Tabor Group but contacted Benett Corporation instead. He couldn't let Elisa go. The underlying motive for that decision was to get closer to Elisa. 
Thomas responded, "Alright." 
As Thomas realized Gareth had no further instructions, he left the room to contact Elisa.
According to protocol, they had to locate Benett Group's department head responsible for reporting their progress. However, Thomas knew what Gareth wanted, so he called her himself. He had to contact Elisa since he didn't like putting it off too long. 
Elisa answered the phone quickly. She calmly greeted, "Mr. May?" 
"Hello, Ms. Elisa," said Thomas. "Mr. Wickam has a project he wants to discuss with you. Are you available to hear the proposal?"
###chapter967
Chapter 967
Chapter 967 Thomas&apos Dilemma 
Elisa froze. She hadn't expected Thomas to send her a proposal this quickly. 
She frowned and inquired, "Did Gareth instruct you to send it to me?" 
Thomas cleared his throat. He experienced a slight sense of impasse between Elisa and Gareth. Both parties appeared to be able to deduce what the other was thinking. 
More importantly, their analytical skills were intimidating. Sometimes they had enough implicit understanding to know what went on. Hence, Thomas was unable to lie to Elisa. 
Thomas said cautiously, "This newly acquired project comes with huge stakes. Normally, Mr. Wickam would consider cooperating with Tabor Group, but he decided to reach out to you first." 
Thomas didn't have to go into trouble explaining the reason for the decision. Elisa understood why. 
Everyone knew that Tabor Group outperformed Benett Corporation in strength, but they needed to find a strong partner to complement their business. The plan was vital for a win-win partnership. 
Their project before had gone well because Elisa made a sound proposal, but this time it was a project by the Wickam Group. 
Elisa frowned. She replied calmly, "I apologize, but would you kindly inform him the company recently started some new projects and can't collaborate with Wickam Group? Since there is much at stake, the participation of Benett Corporation will only cause trouble down the line. Let's not trouble Mr. Wickam more than we should." 
Thomas thought, how should I convey the message?
After a moment of silence, he said, "At the time being, the collaboration project is not an urgent matter. Maybe evaluate the project, and decide later, Ms. Elisa?" 
Elisa refused, "The answer is still no. I have too much on my plate, and I'm afraid there's no room for this project." 
Thomas sighed, "Alright, I'll let Mr. Wickam know." 
"Okay, thank you," said Elisa. 
The two hung up the phone. Elisa refused the offer, but Thomas remained persistent. Thomas dialed Gareth's number. 
Gareth was silent on the other line. Thomas reported cautiously, "Mr. Wickam, ah...I just talked to Elisa on the phone." 
Gareth's expression darkened. He replied in a low voice. 
"What did she say?" 
Thomas took a deep breath. He couldn't relay Elisa's words, so he phrased them delicately. "Elisa is preoccupied with stock-related issues and even hired bodyguards to ensure her safety. She explained that while those issues are being sorted, she will not have the time to devote to another project. She intends to stabilize the internal situation before proceeding with further discussion." 
Thomas said nothing more; he had run out of justifications. Their individual choices would determine the result. 
Gareth hung up the phone without saying anything. Thomas groaned, realizing that the project would likely be delayed. Gareth would never collaborate with Tabor Group anymore now that he had Elisa. Compared to Nicole, he had more interest in and affection toward Elisa.
###chapter968
Chapter 968
Chapter 968 Clean Slate 
At Wickam Group. 
Gareth wasn't in the mood to handle work at the moment. 
He made his way to the window and stared out. His expression remained stern. Gareth couldn't make out much of the scenery below due to being on a high level. He could discern the sky and clouds above. 
The air was energizing, and the weather was pleasant. A chilly breeze entered the room when Gareth opened the window. It calmed him. 
He stood there for some time, looking off into the distance as though he could make out the horizon. 
… 
Five days passed. 
The atmosphere appeared relaxed. 
The three members of the Benett family were dining. 
After several days of peace, their tense nerves relaxed slightly. 
Norman even drank some alcohol. 
Norman sipped the strong whisky, and his mouth puckered. He bit into his meal and laughed, "It seems she was just trying to scare us." 
Linda frowned as she noticed her father was in a good mood. She argued, "She has no other choices. Are you celebrating already? Have you forgotten your previous position and what it is now? How many people used to respect you? Can't you look at yourself? They hardly even recognize your presence."
Norman's face darkened. He looked at Linda and said, "Do you think I don't know that? The good news is that Elisa has stopped taking steps to stop us. Do you need to upset your father right now?" 
He used to adore his daughter, even when she misbehaved. But now, he thought his daughter was erratic, and her communication had become extremely shallow. 
With no desire to eat, Linda set down her eating utensils. 
Rose clutched her fork but did not eat. 
She sighed as she stared at her daughter hopelessly. Rose replied, "Shouldn't you eat first? What are you doing?" 
Linda was dissatisfied and pursed her lips. She responded softly. 
"They used to call me Elisa when they saw me in the past. They still welcome me when they see me, but I can tell the respect and flattery that once filled their eyes have faded. Instead, they act oddly, and even after I leave, I still hear them talking about me in their whispers!" 
Linda's eyes started welling up as she talked, but she raised her head a little and tried to contain her feelings. 
"Linda..." 
Rose dropped her fork and sighed sadly. "My dear, I know you're feeling wronged; to find ourselves in this predicament overnight. This can't knock us down, can it? We can still climb back on top." 
In an instant, Linda ruined Norman's cheerful mood. After a swig of whiskey, he had no appetite. 
He paused, then turned to face Linda. Norman commented, "Given the current situation, we can only take it step by step. You feel helpless and wronged, but so do I. But look, now everyone is focused on
Elisa." 
Linda refuted, "Will this matter be simply dismissed? I won't give up that easily!" 
Norman spoke in a low tone, "Who is ready to quit? We cannot ignore this situation! Don't forget that Elisa will be dealt with by the person standing behind you. We can reclaim our position when she murders Elisa." 
###chapter969
Chapter 969
Chapter 969 A Sudden Call 
Linda gritted her teeth. "I pray that day comes. When will it end? Why won't Elisa die?" She groaned, "Elisa just watches us without making a move." 
Rose reassured with darkened eyes, "She will." 
Linda had made the people at the table lose their appetites. 
Norman sat his utensils down and looked at the delicious food on the table. "Let's eat. We must keep our strength up to devise a good plan to deal with her. If we starve ourselves, we won't have a chance to fight against Elisa," said Norman. 
Rose nodded and looked at Linda. She handed Linda her utensils and said, "Would you do the honors?" 
Linda bit her lip and silently took the spoon. 
What was that?! 
The family was disturbed by a phone call. The unexpected call further dampened their appetites. 
It was Norman's phone. The entire family made a bitter expression. 
They all disliked phone calls for multiple reasons. 
However, Norman still chose to answer it as it was his assistant on the line. He put the phone on speaker. 
"Boss, I finally got through to you!" 
Linda gritted her teeth. "I pray that day comes. When will it end? Why won't Elisa die?" She groaned, "Elisa just watches us without making a move."
His competent assistant continued to address Norman as 'boss' in private. 
As Norman heard him speaking anxiously, he sensed something was amiss. He questioned with intensity, "What's going on?" 
The assistant choked, "Well…you…" 
He stumbled and seemed unsure of what to say. The Benetts appeared resentful. Once more, Linda set her spoon down, and Rose was no longer even remotely hungry. 
It's late, yet things are turning for the worst. When will it end? 
Norman exclaimed with impatience, "What's going on? Speak up!" 
Internally, Norman was afraid. He was terrified that Elisa had stirred trouble for them. 
The assistant finally explained in a panicked tone, "I couldn't reach you on your phone. The court called me as you've been given a subpoena..." 
Norman's expression darkened. 
Both Rose and Linda turned a shade paler. 
A court summon? Who else could have done it? 
Norman questioned, though, still holding out some hope. "Who gave the subpoena?" 
His competent assistant continued to address Norman as 'boss' in private. 
The assistant paused before he whispered, "...Elisa." 
Norman took a deep breath and closed his eyes. "I see. Please send me the details through chat,"
The assistant replied, "Okay..." 
Norman hung up the phone. 
The family became quiet and had uncomfortable expressions on their face. They were equally irritated and terrified of their current situation. 
Linda lamented, "Why? Wasn't the contract fine? Where did Elisa get the nerve to do this?" 
"Is she attempting to break our spirit first? After all, the legal system is a drawn-out, tedious procedure. This might be her last act," said Rose. She had a look of doubt on her face. 
Linda furrowed her brows and bit her lower lip. "We should not worry at all if that is the case. Yet, why do I feel as though something is off? Has she truly thought of a fallback?" 
Rose also furrowed her brow and said, "It doesn't seem like it. After all, several top attorneys have reviewed the contract, and there haven't been any problems. What kind of issue could there be?"
###chapter970
Chapter 970
Chapter 970 Enjoy the Show 
Time flew fast. It was the day of their court hearing. 
For a few days, Norman's family anticipated Elisa would be open for a discussion. 
Elisa had wholly ignored their attempts to contact her. 
They were worried but didn't believe Elisa could do anything deceitful to the contract. They thought it was a scare tactic. 
So… 
The solution they eventually came up with was to keep waiting. If push came to shove, they would go to court. After all, the family had already damaged their reputation, and everyone knew what had happened. Whether they paid or not, people would talk. It was better for them to enjoy the benefits and demonstrate their power so that others wouldn't have anything to say. 
And so, amidst their internal conflict, the day of the trial came. 
Elisa had already taken her seat. 
Meanwhile, Norman had sought out an elite lawyer who had been very confident in the contract's validity. He didn't believe there were any issues. 
He began to feel uneasy after learning that Elisa opted to represent herself. 
The judge was ready. 
Naturally, Charli and Rachel came and sat in the audience seats. Rachel's eyes were filled with excitement.
Rachel expressed, "This is great! We get to see Elisa in court again, and she always looks so cool at times like these!" She had an overly excited expression. 
Charli chuckled, "You can do it too in the future." 
Rachel sighed helplessly. She replied, "Elisa is an expert. I don't expect to catch up to her. I'll be satisfied with just one-fifth of her ability!" 
Charli couldn't help but smile. However, she also knew there weren't many geniuses like Elisa. Charli thought that even the most eloquent lawyer couldn't compare to her. 
What Rachel said is true because being on par with one-fifth of Elisa's expertise would make a person a formidable lawyer. 
The judge sat in the main seat and nodded to the person beside him. That person instantly understood and spoke to the crowd, "Let's begin." 
Since Elisa was the plaintiff, she naturally had to speak first. 
Elisa glanced lightly at Norman sitting across from her and spoke confidently into the microphone, "The defendant has been holding onto my shares without returning them. Today, I am suing for the return of the shares and the profits earned during this period." 
Rachel expressed, "This is great! We get to see Elisa in court again, and she always looks so cool at times like these!" She had an overly excited expression. 
"Please allow the defendant to make a statement," said the judge. 
Norman's lawyer refuted, "The plaintiff's argument is wrong. The shares were not being held but rather were transferred previously. The plaintiff has no right to retrieve them."
As he spoke, Norman's lawyer pulled out the contract. 
Elisa remained calm as she said, "That contract is full of loopholes and is invalid. I had temporarily loaned it to my uncle to help him manage the company and give him some authority. However, over time, Norman seemed to forget who the shares belonged to and is holding onto them with this flawed contract." 
Rachel gritted her teeth and whispered, "Elisa must be furious, or else she wouldn't have brought this up in front of so many people. It's a family matter, and Norman has no shame. He's holding onto something that doesn't belong to him, and this company isn't even his. How can he be this shameless?!" 
Rachel was angry on Elisa's behalf. She found it hard to express her rage. 
Charli couldn't help but laugh and said, "Elisa won't let him get away with this. Just sit back and enjoy the show." 
Rachel smiled and said, "You're right!"
###chapter971
Chapter 971
Chapter 971 Dead Man 
Amidst everyone's attention, Elisa took the opportunity to speak. 
She commented, "For this contract, I ask that you look closely at article 24. It clearly states..." 
Elisa began to point out one loophole after another in the contract. 
Norman's lawyer was dumbfounded. 
There was no issue with each separate clause, but Elisa could detect disparity when comparing two clauses due to her professional expertise. 
Norman thought to himself, how...how could this be happening?! 
Norman couldn't understand what Elisa was saying, but he wasn't blind. He noticed how pale his lawyer's face had become. 
Norman internally panicked. What...what is going on?! 
Norman whispered, "What's happening?" 
"She's too good," the lawyer whispered back. He could no longer refute Elisa's statements. 
The written contract Elisa had given to Rachel was still in her possession. She followed Elisa's points and examined the contract closely. Rachel was in disbelief. 
Rachel exclaimed with admiration, "My goodness! She's a genius!" 
Charli replied, "Perhaps I'm used to her stunning us every time. I don't even feel surprised anymore."
Elisa had a talent for defeating her adversaries. She would unleash a devastating counterattack, giving them no chance to retaliate. They would beg for mercy on their knees as a result. 
Rachel admired her skill. She commented, "I never thought she would find loopholes in these two clauses!" 
She was convinced it was hard to locate a flaw in the contract as Norman could not respond to the claims. Yet, Elisa did it. 
Rachel had specifically asked Elisa to print a copy to study the material. 
But I didn't expect... 
Rachel furrowed her brows as she persisted in identifying the flaws in the contract. 
She consoled herself with the fact that the many outstanding attorneys Norman had recruited had not found the flaws. 
Elisa is simply exceptional! Superb to the point where individuals are left speechless. 
She exclaimed, "Exceptional! Look at the attorney Norman chose. He's not very competent, is he?" 
"That's right, but I guess even Vincent could find the flaw," said Charli. 
Elisa had a talent for defeating her adversaries. She would unleash a devastating counterattack, giving them no chance to retaliate. They would beg for mercy on their knees as a result. 
Rachel exclaimed, "Huh?" 
Rachel couldn't help but scowl whenever she thought of that unpleasant man. She sighed, "Despite his ability, I simply want to shoot the dude every time I see him."
When Charli heard this, she couldn't help but smile. She observed Rachel's clenched teeth and questioned, "Do you have a deep hatred for him?" 
Rachel seemed to have strong opinions whenever Vincent was addressed. He gave her a profoundly unsettling sensation in her chest. Vincent had helped her a lot, but it was usually in his interest. 
Rachel cried, "Yes! He and I are inimical to one other in every way! I would murder him if it weren't against the law. He'll be a dead man if he tries to provoke me!" 
Charli laughed and said, "Alright. Alright. The more you talk about it, the more worked up you get. You two often argue and laugh together, which is great to witness." 
Rachel countered, "It's not like that! That d*mn..." 
Before Rachel could finish speaking, someone behind interrupted her. 
###chapter972
Chapter 972
Chapter 972 Hell 
"The hell you mean I'm a dead man?" 
Rachel withheld her words. She wore a surprised expression. 
Am I mishearing things? 
Without thinking, she turned around to see Vincent seated behind her. Rachel looked at him, and her eyes filled with terror. 
Rachel stared at Vincent's cold expression. She cried, "What are you doing here?!" 
Rachel thought she had seen a ghost. She thought to herself, how is this possible? 
How did Vincent manage to sneak up on us?! 
What a mystery! 
Not only was Rachel taken aback, but Charli was also skeptical. 
When did he get here? 
Vincent's expression darkened. He countered, "Why? Can't I be here?" 
Rachel was stumped but felt terrible for some reason, but she refrained from showing it. "Sure, you can be anywhere you want to be. No one here is stopping you," she sneered. 
Rachel turned her head away from Vincent without another glance. She didn't want to say more to him. 
The act unintentionally hid her guilt.
Charli grinned. 
She knew little about the two, but she could tell they matched. 
Rachel withheld her words. She wore a surprised expression. 
Because of her experience, Charli could judge interpersonal chemistry with remarkable accuracy. 
At this moment, it seemed like everyone around them had stopped watching the trial and instead turned to observe them. 
Vincent gritted his teeth and suppressed his feelings. He stated coldly, "I'll settle the score with you when we're done here!" 
Too indolent to pay him attention, Rachel looked blankly at him and turned to face Elisa. 
In the meantime. 
Elisa looked calm. She had finished her case. 
The defending party was rendered silent. 
Norman's anxiety spiked. 
Even though he believed Elisa could never succeed, he had felt restless for the last two days because he was terrified of the potential outcome. 
It made him consider the repercussions and challenges he would experience if Elisa were successful. 
He decided to ignore it, but the horrifying recollections persisted in his mind. 
He discovered Elisa indeed had a way. He was scared.
Because of her experience, Charli could judge interpersonal chemistry with remarkable accuracy. 
And it was just yesterday that he acted on the matter. 
The night before. 
Norman tossed and turned in bed, unable to fall asleep. Rose was also thinking about something, but she was starting to nod off. She awoke again as Norman shifted and rolled over next to her. 
Rose frowned. She scolded, "What are you doing? It's not as bad as you think. Elisa has no way of winning. Tomorrow is merely her final ploy, hoping you will fall for her trap. You're an idiot if you can't maintain composure and give her the shares!" 
Norman gritted his teeth. He remarked, "Don't I know that? I'm worried about things turning for the worst. If Elisa has a strategy, then we're not prepared. Wouldn't we be goners?" 
Rose understood Norman's justification. She sat up and leaned against the head of the bed. Rose lost all sense of drowsiness and lit the wall lamp. 
She gripped the quilt in one hand and appeared a little concerned. Rose said, "If she has a way and we're sure to lose, what else can we do but admit defeat? Why not return the shares to her?"
###chapter973
Chapter 973
Chapter 973 What Other Choice Do We Have 
Norman's expression soured.He knew it was the only way, but he was not content! Rose continued as she wasn't finished. 
She looked at him gravely. 
"It doesn't matter if she has swindled the income for the past few years.At least we don't need to give her another portion, or else we would have to give her extra money along with the shares.We would lose even more." 
He clenched his teeth. 
"No! It is not a good idea! Why should I give her any of the shares?! I put in so much effort to kill Nelson.She stole two billion from us.We don't have a single penny left from recent years’ income.Suppose she is to take back the shares plus the income worth a few billion.In that case, not only will we have no income, but we will have to compensate more than two billion despite our efforts! How are we supposed to pay then?!"She furrowed her eyebrows and sighed. 
"I know this is one of the last resorts, but...what other choice do we have?" 
His expression darkened as he ignored her and called his assistant. 
The assistant picked up right away.He sounded wide awake. 
"Mr.Benett." 
"Get me a way to contact the judge immediately" 
"Are you..."
His expression was sullen. 
"Ask around and see if he receives bribes." 
They wouldn't need to worry much if they bought the judge over to their side. 
Rose furrowed her eyebrows as she looked fixedly at Norman.Is This a good plan? She did not voice her doubts. 
After all, nothing much could be said about their situation. 
They could only take one step at a time and try out any methods they could think of. 
Maybe the last resort could be their solution. 
Norman's assistant responded not long after Norman ended the call.But all he gave was the contact number of the judge's assistant. 
Norman looked displeased, but it was a reasonable effort considering their situation.He called the number without much thought. 
Norman would have been disturbing the man if it were the judge. 
But it was just the judge's assistant.He did not need to be mindful. 
Besides, he was going to pay the assistant for his help. 
The assistant would be glad. 
The phone rang for a while before the call was finally answered. 
"Hello, who's speaking?"
It was apparent that the man on the other end was drowsy.He must have been stirred from his sleep.Norman couldn't care as he laughed politely. 
"Hello, I'm Norman Benett from Benett Corporation. I called bean to ask a favor. Don’t worry. The favor will benefit you, too. I will definitely show my appreciation." 
The man on the other end paused as though recalling who Norman Benett was. He answered after a short while. 
"So, it's Mr.Benett. I know who you are. What is it that you're calling about?" 
He was well aware of the reason Norman was calling but didn’t want to say it directly. 
Norman began saying, "Here's the situation. I..." 
He couldn't help but sigh. 
It was a difficult thing to talk about. 
Everyone knew the shares belonged to Elisa, but… he refused to accept it! He had to do it even if it was embarrassing! He sucked in a deep breath and started speaking uncomfortably.
###chapter974
Chapter 974
Chapter 974 Deal With It Accordingly 
"It's just that...I called to ask if you could contact the judge for me.It's about tomorrow's case with Elisa Benett.I want to ask the judge if he can..." He said resignedly as his voice trailed off at the end. 
His intentions were clear. 
The assistant ought to quit his job if he didn’t understand.The assistant sighed. 
"Mr.Benett, I apologize, but I cannot help you with such matters." 
He could frankly reject Norman since he had made his intentions clear. 
Norman's expression changed, but he tried again, thinking the assistant might be asking for more. 
"Mr.Lune, I know this task is not easy for you.But the shares have great importance to me.Please help me and have a word with the judge.I guarantee that your efforts will not be wasted.I promise! You can name your price!" 
The assistant sighed immediately. 
"Mr.Benett, it's not that I don’t want to help you, but I really can't.Let's not talk about how bribing is frowned upon by society.Even if it's acceptable, you must look at your opponent.Iris.There's no way you don't know who Iris is." 
Rose could hear the conversation clearly.She looked upset.But she had expected the assistant’s reaction, which was...acceptable. 
Yet, Norman could not accept it. 
His lips parted as he tried to convince the man, but he was cut off.
"Mr.Benett, Iris has the best skills on earth.Once she steps into the courtroom, the other party cannot refute her.If the judge is blatantly biased toward you, do you know how severe the penalty will be for him? Iris can sue him along with you." 
Norman gripped his phone silently.He was livid. 
The other man sighed helplessly and continued, "Not only is Iris competent, but she also has great influence.You know that she is the chairman of Benett Corporation.She's also bean close with those from Wickam and Darcey Group.Do you think the judge could refuse if all these parties pressured him? Do you think he would help you?" 
Norman fell silent. 
The assistant had made his point clear. 
The judge was not a person who would accept bribes.He was a firm man who abhorred underhand dealings. 
Yet Norman was going to buy him off openly. 
The judge might give him a guilty verdict right off the bat. 
Norman was getting more anxious! He refused to give up. 
"Mr.Lune, I know.I'm well aware that it is a difficult thing to do.But I've asked several outstanding lawyers, and none of them could find anything wrong with the contract.Elisa might bring up fraudulent claims in tomorrow's case.I'm hoping that..." 
The assistant sighed before Norman could finish.
"Mr.Benett, I understand your feelings.But I'm taking my stand.The judge won't accommodate this.If Iris is found to be lying and making false claims, there's no point in thinking much about this.The judge will deal with the situation accordingly." 
Norman was quiet.He parted his lips but could not think of a word to say.He thought it was the end, but Elisa, who was opposite him, continued!
###chapter975
Chapter 975
Chapter 975 Speaking with Eloquence 
"Mr.Norman took away my father and I's properties.I've tried negotiating multiple times, but it hasn't worked.Hence, I was forced to take legal action.I have the right to demand Mr.Norman return all the shares, including the profit from all these years" 
Enraged, Norman was at a loss for words! All of it?! But before he could think more, Elisa continued. 
"When I said all the shares, I meant all the shares Mr.Norman currently has so that he has none left." 
Norman was dumbfounded. 
Linda and Rose, sitting among the audience, were glowering. 
"Is Elisa crazy?!" 
Linda gritted her teeth as she did not dare to speak too loudly.She said disbelievingly, "In any way, Nelson gave some shares to Dad, and it's done legally with a contract! How could she...!" 
But as she said it, she realized that something was not right. 
Could it be that she had found a loophole in the contract?! Rose was thinking of the same thing.Her expression was grim, and her eyes were cold. 
"She must have a plan.That's why she can speak with such eloquence.It looks like the judge is on her side too." 
Her voice was calm. 
At that point, all she could do was accept the situation and find ways to retrieve things later on.
Elisa would only have the upper hand if they messed things up. 
Linda gritted her teeth as her blood boiled. 
"This is not acceptable! On what grounds is she claiming? Nelson died long ago.We all have the right to inherit his properties as relatives! How can she take everything back?!" 
Norman's lawyer began to refute. 
"Ms.Benett, your father transferred some of the shares to my client before he passed.He did not have a will when he passed on.Naturally, all his relatives have a right to inherit his properties." 
The lawyer wasn't as fluent as before when he spoke. 
He didn't sound confident when he mentioned the right for relatives to inherit as if he was expecting Elisa to have more points that could turn the tide. 
Norman's expression was dark. 
Many could see him as he sat at the defendant's seat. 
But he could not control his expression. 
He was outraged whenever he remembered that Elisa might take all his shares! On the other hand, Elisa was completely at ease.She spoke up calmly. 
"I am sorry to say that my father's contract to transfer the shares has problems.There are three issues." 
She continued to explain the three problems. 
The judge and jury nodded.
"Ms.Iris is correct." 
Norman was speechless. 
So the shares Nelson gave me are now public property!More of my properties will be divided! But he hadn't realized that Elisa was not trying to divide his properties.She was bean claiming all of it back! "Hahahaha... 
That's my Liz! What a legend!" 
Rachel was seated in the public gallery.Her eyes were looking forward. 
"I've always wanted to be friends with a phenomenal lawyer.I thought it would be a pipe dream! Who would have thought!" Vincent's expression sunk. 
D*mn woman! Does she not know me?! may not be as exceptional as Iris but are there many more lawyers in this world better than me?Does this d*mn woman not know she can come to me for help!! He was crossed but controlled his temper and kept silent. 
Just as Norman was deciding what to do and his lawyer was waiting to see Elisa's move, Elisa said something that shook everyone listening!
###chapter976
Chapter 976
Chapter 976 Defendant, Please Compose Yourself 
"Mr.Norman and his family played a part in my father's death.They do not have the right to inherit." 
Norman was shaken up as his expression changed drastically. 
"You're spouting nonsense!" 
Rose and Linda were filled with panic! They were not expecting Elisa to say such a thing! The situation grabbed everyone's attention. 
Even Vincent forgot about his irritation toward Rachel as he looked at Elisa, thunderstruck. 
My God! This woman is crazy! How can she announce that publicly?! Does she have all the evidence? If she doesn't, she will be unable to finish everything in one blow, and the other party will keep their guard up. 
Vincent observed Elisa.Her calm face showed no other emotions.His interest was piqued, and he felt resigned.Ahh, if only I could use my phone.I could stream this moment to Gareth! But it did not matter.He would have to pass on the situation to Gareth later anyway.He would let Gareth see how...unique Elisa was.Elisa's revelation left everyone at the scene shell- shocked. 
Norman had not spoken once through the microphone since he appeared in the court.His sudden outburst was out of instinct.He felt everyone's eyes on him.He was a public figure in any case. 
How could he take it now that so many were skeptical of him and thought he was a monster?! He couldn't control himself as he spoke. 
"Elisa, I understand that you want to fight for the shares.I understand that you want to take over the company despite your incompetency.But how can you go to such lengths for the shares? How can you
accuse me of something like that? Your father is my biological brother.How could I do anything to him?! Are you out of your mind?!" 
He didn't hold back his thoughts as he was worked up. 
The courtroom resonated with his voice. 
The judge furrowed his brows as he looked at Norman. 
"Defendant, please compose yourself." 
He meant to remind Norman not to interrupt the flow. 
Norman only felt more aggravated. 
But before he could say anything else, the judge turned to Elisa. 
"Ms.Iris, what evidence do you have?" 
Although she was Elisa, Iris was her name as a representing lawyer.That was why the judge addressed her as so. 
Elisa continued, unperturbed. 
"I have some evidence.First, I'll play a recording." 
Linda's expression soured. 
"Recording? What recording?! Is she making up things now?!" She did not control her voice, and the people around them could hear her. 
"Please play it." The judge gave a brief order.
Elisa did not say anything else as she picked up the recorder on the table. 
It was a smart recorder that could record and play the recording immediately. 
Norman's expression was especially hostile at that moment! Elisa picked this day to disclose Nelson's murder on purpose! She had never said bean anything about it before. 
Was she being careful not to catch my attention?! She's a snake! Godd*mnsnake! I should have killed her earlier. 
Why did I leave her alive and give her a chance to pay back?!I would have choked her to death if it wasn't for this inappropriate time! How dare she spouts all those nonsense! I'll drag her down to hell!
###chapter977
Chapter 977
Chapter 977 The Microphone Was Muted! 
Realizing that they were about to release the recording, Norman quickly interjected, "Your honor, she's lying! I would never do something like this. You can't…" 
The judge frowned. He was displeased by how Norman acted but responded courteously, "True or false? The evidence needs to be examined once it's been presented." 
Norman, "!!!" 
What must he do?! What can he do?! 
He didn't know if Elisa's recording was real. But they had plotted to kill Nelson. What would they do if she really did have a recording of them saying these things? 
He was panicking. 
He turned to the lawyer next to him, "Quick! Think of something!!" 
His lawyer looked close to tears. He mumbled, "There's nothing much we can do, Mr. Benett. True or not, we must listen to the recording before refuting it." 
Norman clenched his teeth. 
The court officer looked at Norman with disgust—the audacity of this man, asking for more accommodations after doing something so despicable. 
The recording was played for everyone to hear. 
"Time is of the essence! He's just taken his medicine. We need to go to move on to the next step. Quick!" 
"Time is of the essence! He's just taken his medicine. We need to go to move on to the next step. Quick!"
Elisa pressed pause. "Let me explain. The person talking right now is my aunt, Rose Meek, also known as Norman Benett's wife." 
Rose, "!!!" 
Damn it!! 
Where did Elisa find this recording?! How did she get her hands on it?! 
Linda also started panicking! 
Elisa pressed play. 
"Hey… He has one foot in the grave. It's only been a few days since he had his heart attack. Why the rush? This company will be ours sooner or later." 
Elisa paused it again. "This is my cousin's voice. Linda Benett, Rose's daughter." 
Linda, "!!!" 
That b*tch!!! 
Sensing eyes on her, Linda stayed still. She didn't want them to see any malice in her. 
She arranged her features to look innocent and aggrieved. 
Norman clenched his teeth. He wanted to say something. He started to speak when… He realized that they muted his microphone! 
He grabbed his lawyer's microphone to find that it had been muted too! 
"Time is of the essence! He's just token his medicine. We need to go to move on to the next step. Quick!"
He was furious! They were blatantly prejudiced against them! Why couldn't they speak?! 
Elisa refused to look at him. She fiddled with her recorder. 
"Don't worry. I've got everything under control. I've handled whatever needs to be dealt with regarding the company. I've contacted the shareholders that support me. They've all agreed that they'll stick with me. Once Norman is out of the picture, I'll make Elisa transfer her shares to me. Problem solved." 
"Okay." Rose answered, "Get the contracts ready. One is to relinquish the inheritance, and the other is the transfer of shares." 
"Yes. I've hired the best lawyer in town to draft the agreement. There shouldn't be any problems." 
Linda smiled. "Finally, Nelson Benett is going to kick the bucket! Everything will finally be ours! I won't ever have to suck up to both of them ever again!! It's been so difficult having to put up with this act for so many years!!" 
Her voice rose into a screech.
###chapter978
Chapter 978
Chapter 978 Traces of Medicine 
"It drives me mad with anger whenever I think about how much I had to grovel before them for so many years with a smile on my face!" 
Rose snickered. "It's all in the past. We're at the end of our suffering. These years, I haven't done anything except cook for the both of them. I've had to bend to their every whim. There's only so much a person can take. Thank goodness he doesn't have much life in him anymore, and Benett Corporation will soon be ours!" 
"That's right! The fruits of our labor!!" Linda cackled. 
"Thank you for keeping up with the act for me for two years." Norman smiled. "Once the shares are in my name, and I'm chairman, you will never have to suffer such humiliation again!" 
"You're amazing, dad! But shouldn't we keep that medicine you used on Norman? In case we need it again in the future?" 
"Hmph… No. It's just a normal supplement you can find at any drugstore. You wouldn't have any issues after ingesting it. No one knows about Nelson's allergies to it, not even his best friend, James." 
"But just in case…" Linda sounded worried. 
Norman chuckled, "I'm not keeping it to prevent Elisa from suspecting us. Nelson has always taken this supplement. It'd look suspicious if it were to disappear suddenly. I specifically remember her handling the pill bottle before." 
Linda gritted her teeth. "Damn her! She wouldn't have gotten away if she hadn't married Gareth! Gareth is mine!"
"Don't worry, Linda. Let me help you. Just keep pretending to be incapacitated; sooner or later, Gareth will be yours! What are you afraid of? He's so full of guilt towards you. He's been saying repeatedly that he'll take responsibility and marry you!" 
The recording ended there. 
Coming to their senses, the audience all had different expressions on their faces. 
Norman was about to lose his mind. He had to physically restrain himself from lunging at Elisa to grab her microphone. But that would only make him appear more guilty. 
Norman was white with rage, but Elisa glanced at him indifferently. She calmly spoke into her microphone, "That was the voice recording. I've also brought my father's allergy records and the supplement, as mentioned above, that he consumed. As you can see here, his fingerprints were on the bottle, and there were traces of the supplement in his stomach." 
Rachel sat in the audience. Her stomach was twisted in knots. Subconsciously, she gripped Charli's hand and said through gritted teeth, "The only reason Elisa can stay so calm right now is because of all the pain and heartbreak she had endured! Norman and his entire family can all rot in hell!!!" 
Vincent looked at her but said nothing. 
Whereas Charli chuckled, "They'll get their just rewards. Elisa will make sure of it." 
Realizing something, Rachel turned to Charli, "Charli, I'm sure you organized the evidence for her. So… I'm sure you know what she will do next?" 
"You'll find out soon enough." Charli chuckled without revealing anything. 
Rachel sighed exasperatedly. "Fine…"
She really wanted to know what's going to happen, but there was no way she could. 
Vincent arched an eyebrow. He was thinking about how he would trick Gareth.
###chapter979
Chapter 979
Chapter 979 Tampered With 
"Nonsense! That is completely ridiculous!" Norman spluttered, but as his microphone was still off, people sitting a distance away from him could not hear him. 
Those surrounding him heard him quite clearly. 
But they ignored him. They were all stunned by what Elisa had just revealed. 
How could Norman and his family do something so cold-blooded?! 
They were in disbelief! Yet at the same time, they knew that things like this happened more often than they realized. It was human nature, after all! 
People would go to great lengths when it came to money. 
People without conscience would hurt their own family and friends for it. 
No one paid Norman any mind. They didn't even want to look at him. All eyes were on Elisa, waiting for her to say something. 
Elisa stood up and picked up her files of evidence. 
The audience found something strange. 
Previously, Elisa wasn't one to bring anything with her when she came to court. She said whatever she wanted, but it was so convincing and indisputable that no one could find fault with her. So why was it that she had brought them with her? 
Was there something special in those files? 
Elisa's calm voice sounded in the large room.
"This is the evidence I found. This is the ingredients of the medicine they gave my father. I've also brought the medicine with me." 
The court officer approached Elisa and took her files, bringing them to the judge. 
Norman was almost hyperventilating. His microphone was still muted. No one would be able to hear what he had to say. 
His lawyer raised his hand. The judge nodded, and the court admin switched their microphones back on. 
"Defendant, you may speak." 
Norman's lawyer finally had an opportunity. "The evidence isn't substantial. I think it might even be fabricated. How could she prove that her father had taken this medicine? Has the medicine been tampered with?" 
Elisa glanced at Norman. Noticing that he agreed with his lawyer, Elisa smirked. 
She couldn't be bothered with both of them. She addressed the judge again. 
"All the details are in the document. Please have a look, Your Honor." 
The judge nodded. 
Norman started to look a little strange, and so did Rose and Linda. 
"What's happening now? Does Elisa have a contingency plan for that too? Or did that b*tch take advantage of some loopholes?!" Linda whispered so that only Rose could hear her. 
Rose frowned. She didn't know what was happening and grew even more nervous. 
She wasn't clear on how Elisa did things but was familiar with Iris' methods.
Iris would never go to court without a sure chance of winning. 
She must have contingency plans upon contingency plans if she decided to make this public. 
Did Elisa really find something?! What are they going to do?! 
While their anxiety was rising, the judge looked up and addressed the audience, "We will further investigate and verify Iris' claims and cooperate with the police before judgment can be made. The court is adjourned sine die." 
The judge picked up the files and got up to leave.
###chapter980
Chapter 980
Chapter 980 Will Not Be Moved 
Everyone looked a little unsatisfied, as if they had been left hanging right before the ending of a movie. 
The judge had left, and there was nothing they could do. 
Elisa rose to her feet. She knew that the case would not conclude today. 
People started to stand and leave. Elisa had no plans on lingering either. 
Rachel and Charli stood and hurried over to where Elisa was. 
Rachel, in particular, was in high spirits. She was extremely curious about what was in the files Elisa had handed in. She especially wanted to know what would happen to Linda and her family. 
But this wasn't the place to ask Elisa. She quickly ushered Elisa out. 
Before they had taken three steps, someone called her name. The voice sounded tight. It was as if whoever it was was trying their hardest not to let their anger get the better of them. 
"Elisa." 
Elisa stopped and turned towards the voice. 
Rachel looked over and saw Norman's face, almost purple with rage. He was trying his hardest to avoid letting it show to get on Elisa's better side. Rachel burst out in laughter. Norman's face grew even more stormy. 
Elisa stared at him without saying a word.
Norman took a deep breath. Taking quick steps towards her, he whispered, "I've booked a table for us at a restaurant. Let's go grab some food." 
Rachel couldn't help but roll her eyes in exasperation. 
She had given him plenty of opportunities before, but he had laughed in her face. It's true what they say. Hindsight is 20/20. 
Elisa stared back at him. "No thanks. I wouldn't want to die of poisoning." 
There's no such thing as a free lunch. Some way or another, you'll have to pay for it. 
That was a shared principle. 
Norman's face darkened even further. "You…" 
He was so furious that he didn't know what to say. 
He took a deep breath to regulate his emotions. He looked at Elisa and said in a low voice, "Even if something like this had happened, I'm still your uncle, Elisa. Are you going to cut me off? Did you not feel sad when you called me 'Mr. Benett'?" 
Elisa laughed in disbelief. "Sad?" 
Elisa stared at him without saying a word. 
Norman took a deep breath. Taking quick steps towards her, he whispered, "I've booked a table for us at a restaurant. Let's go grab some food." 
Elisa turned and stalked out. She had too much respect for herself to continue entertaining his delusions.
"Elisa!" 
Norman chased after her. 
It was at this moment that Rose and Linda emerged from the courtroom. Noticing Norman standing with Elisa, Rose hurried over. 
Rose dragged Linda along. Linda's complexion was noticeably pale. There was no point in hiding it. 
But… 
This wasn't something she had a say to! 
"Elisa, dear…" Rose was deathly afraid that Elisa would walk off. Disregarding the many people that still lingered about, she grabbed Elisa's arm. 
Elisa frowned and shrugged her off. "If there's anything else you need to tell me, please contact me by phone. I have to apologize, but I have another appointment after this." 
Elisa did not feel a thing towards them. Their pleas would not move her, and she had no issue embarrassing them. 
Before she could take another step, Norman said, "Don't you want to know what happened to your father?"
###chapter981
Chapter 981
Chapter 981 l’m Embarrased Too! 
Elisa stilled and turned to him slowly. 
Realizing that he had a chance, Norman breathed a sigh of relief. “Let’s go have a meal together. It’s just a simple meal. I’m not going to hurt you.” 
Rachel glanced at Elisa worriedly. Sensing that Elisa was tempted, she smiled, “What a coincidence! I’m hungry too. Can I tag along too?” 
Charli smiled widely. “Me too! I’m starving. Can I come too?” 
Norman’s expression soured. He wanted to have a private conversation with Elisa. 
He was about to turn them down when someone interrupted him. 
“You’re all right. I haven’t had anything to eat all day. Mr. Benett, you wouldn’t mind another person coming, would you?” The man’s voice was low and gravelly. His teasing tone caught Norman off guard. 
He had no problem rejecting Charli and Rachel. 
But… He couldn’t treat this man the same way. There was noway Norman could refuse him. 
Norman smiled tightly. “What a rare occasion to see you, Mr. Shane.” 
Rachel looked at him suspiciously. Why had he come? 
Unless… 
Rachel stared hard at him. IVos Gareth suddenly concerned with Elisa? Had he tasked Vincent, his close friend, in looking after Elisa for him?
It was a possibility. 
Rachel couldn’t be bothered with it any longer. He hated being around Vincent, but if it meant keeping Elisa safe, she could set her personal feelings aside. Norman and his family were capable of more evil than they could imagine. Having a man with them was a good idea. 
Vincent arched an eyebrow. He nodded, not waiting for Norman to respond, “Let’s go. I’ll follow in my car. See you at the restaurant.” 
Norman, 
His smile was strained beyond belief. 
He nodded even though he felt repulsed. “Okay. I’ll see you there.” 
He turned back to Elisa, “I’ve sent you the location. Just head over.” 
Elisa spun on her heel and headed to the basement car park without bothering to respond. 
Rachel and Charli were by her side. Before Rachel could take a step, some had grabbed her arm. 
Rachel turned to see Vincent glowering at her. Her eye started to twitch, but she feigned nonchalance and glared at him. “What are you doing? Holding onto me in public! You might not be embarrassed, but I am!” 
Rachel tried her best to pull her arm free. 
Vincent was not letting her go that easily. “You get embarrassed? That’s news to me.” 
His smile did not meet his eyes. There was a double entendre to his words.
Rachel immediately became angry. “Stop talking out of you’re a**! Of course, I get embarrassed! I am a woman! Damn you!” 
Vincent snorted. He refused to let go of her. “Tell me the truth right now. What happened? Who was that person you’re talking about? Who is that person you have such low regard for?” 
Rachel,”…” 
She had pretty much spelled it out. Couldn’t this idiot understand? Did he want her to lie to him? 
He was ridiculous! 
Elisa and Charli heard their exchange but did not turn back. No one could help what was going on between them.
###chapter982
Chapter 982
Chapter 982 Teach Her a Good Lesson 
Though there were grudges between them, everyone knew how it all began. 
Knowing that Vincent wouldn’t hurt Rachel, Elisa walked ahead with Charli. 
As they walked further, Rachel burst out anxiously, “Hey, can’t you tell me later? I’m going to eat with Elisa. Didn’t you say you were hungry?” 
Vincent let out a cold snort. “Stop panicking – they are right ahead of us. It’s Norman who wants to meet Elisa, who calls the shots now. There’s nothing to worry about.” 
Rachel also laughed frostily. “She’s my best friend. Of course, I care about her! And…” She snorted coldly. “Aren’t you best friends with Gareth? It’s because of him that you agreed to meet Norman today. Now that Elisa has left, why are you still defending her? I’ll wait to see how Gareth deals with you later!” 
Vincent’s already sour mood was exacerbated by her words, making him speechless in anger. He couldn’t help but let out a bitter laugh in response to the situation. 
“So, you think it’s because of Gareth that I agreed to have this meal together?” 
Can she be more observant? 
Rachel’s lips twitched as she looked at him perplexedly. “Isn’t it normal to do this for your friend? What’s wrong with it?” 
Once again, Vincent laughed at her absurd assumption. He let go of her and said pettily, “Fine! You’re right – I’m doing this because of my friend! It’s completely unrelated to you!” 
With that, he walked in the same direction as Elisa without sparing another glance at Rachel.
Even at that moment, Rachel had no idea what was going on. She cursed and quickly caught up with Elisa, holding her arm. 
Elisa turned around and saw Rachel’s dark expression. Her eyes flashed before asking, “Why don’t you go back first? I’m sure Norman won’t hurt me – he doesn’t have the guts to do that.” 
“How can I do that? I’m worried about leaving you alone with him. There’s a lot of us – it’s not going to be easy even if he’s cooking some plans,” Rachel replied firmly. She wouldn’t leave her friends behind even if she was in a bad mood. That was not the way she did things. 
Elisa pursed her lips, knowing that Rachel wouldn’t change her mind. Even if she knew there was no danger, she just let Rachel tag along. 
Soon, they got into the car, and Vincent walked directly to the driver’s seat. “I’ll drive.” 
Elisa shot a glance at him. 
She knew the main reason he was here, so she passed the keys to him. “Thanks.” 
Vincent didn’t say a word and took his seat. 
With him in the driver’s seat, it was impossible for Rachel to take the seat beside him. Hence, she sat at the back. 
Charli was not close with Vincent, so Elisa ended up taking the passenger seat. 
When Vincent was driving, he shot occasional glances at Rachel through the rearview mirror. When he saw how nonchalant she was, he became more irate. 
D’mnthatwoman! After the meal, I’m going to teach her a good lesson!
Meanwhile, Rachel started scrolling Twitter. She didn’t pay close attention even if she felt something was off. 
Instead, she focused on the trending topics to check if Elisa’s case was being discussed online again. 
After a while, there were no signs of it. She put her phone down and said disinterestedly, “I thought there would be something on Twitter, but there’s nothing.”
###chapter983
Chapter 983
Chapter 983 Two Short-tempered People 
Charli said amusedly, “It won’t come up so quickly.” 
Rachel replied through gritted teeth, “Norman and his family are simply too much! How could they harm innocents for their own financial gains? I can’t wait to expose them to the world so they can be humiliated by everyone. I hope the law will punish them. I don’t understand how they can stay alive for so long – it pisses me off!” 
Rachel’s eyes were filled with rage as she hoped for the family of three to drop dead. 
Charli nodded in agreement. “Don’t worry. I’m sure they will never escape from the law. God will punish them eventually.” 
Sitting in the front seat, Elisa smiled when she saw how furious and worried Rachel was for her. 
“Don’t think about it anymore. I won’t let them off the hook. At this point, they can’t do anything to me either.” 
“I know, but I’m worried they might play dirty like the accident last time. If it weren’t for your excellent driving techniques, you.. 
Her voice trailed off fearfully. 
Elisa’s face darkened, but her reply was calm. “They won’t have such an opportunity anymore.” 
Vincent focused on driving without any intention of chipping in. He looked at Rachel occasionally through the rearview mirror, making her feel awkward and intimidated. 
Does he think I’m blind? She thought and looked at him in annoyance.
“What’s wrong with your eyes today? Has your brain gone haywire?” 
Displeasure immediately clouded Vincent’s face. 
“Are you asking if I’m blind or mad?” 
“Something is definitely wrong! Why are you so defensive today? Why do you keep looking at me weirdly? I just pointed out a few faults in court – do you need to be so petty about it? You’re not chivalrous, yet you call yourself a lawyer? An elite? Bleh!” 
Upon hearing that, Vincent’s face became as dark as a thundercloud, his features etched with frustration and anger. As he gritted his teeth, he enunciated clearly, “Just wait until I’m done driving!” 
Rachel ignored his threat. “You’d better not make things worse during the meal later!” 
She had been under the impression that he was here to defend Elisa on Gareth’s behalf. Hence, she assumed he wouldn’t ruin things for her and became more indignant. 
Little did she know that neither Gareth nor Elisa was the reason for him coming over. 
On the other hand, Vincent felt a ball of fury burning within him. 
Yet, he remained silent with a veil of darkness on his face. He made up his mind to ignore Rachel, thinking that she was too dumb to converse with. 
An awkward silence hung in the air throughout the journey as no one spoke another word. 
When they finally reached their destination, he said, “Go ahead. I’ll find a parking spot.” 
Rachel didn’t reply and got out immediately. If this wasn’t Elisa’s car, she would have slammed the door.
Vincent’s face suddenly darkened further. 
Elisa shot a look at him and got out of the car without another word. 
Charli followed suit with an even faster speed. 
Soon, the three women stood in a group outside.
###chapter984
Chapter 984
Chapter 984 Arrogant 
As Vincent drove away, Rachel rolled her eyes in his direction. “He’s gone nuts,” she complained irritably. 
Elisa tried to hold a smile back without intending to burst the bubble. If she said too much, it would make Rachel uncomfortable. It was better for them to fight between themselves. 
“Let’s go.” With that, Elisa pulled Rachel and Charli with her. 
When they entered the restaurant, Norman and his family were already there. 
A morose air hung among them. It was clear that they didn’t have a good time discussing things before this. 
The moment Norman saw Elisa and her friends, he frowned. “Didn’t Mr. Shane come with you?” he asked. 
“He went to park the car. He’ll be here shortly,” Elisa replied calmly. 
She pulled the chair out and sat down with Rachel and Charli on her flanks as though they were her guards. 
A surge of warmth flowed through Elisa as she realized their intentions. 
Linda glared at Elisa but didn’t say anything to her, clearly attempting to hold herself back. 
Rose smiled. “I see. Let’s wait for him before we order.” 
Elisa didn’t respond at all and sat in her chair in a still manner.
Though she knew the main reason Norman asked to meet— to ask her to give upon her inheritance – he was also going to tell her some of her father’s stories. 
Sure enough, Rose said hesitantly, “Elisa…” 
She paused, looking like she didn’t know how to continue as she racked her brains to think of something to say. At the same time, she probably wanted Elisa to catch her bait. 
However, Elisa merely looked at her without saying a word. She had no intentions of fulfilling Rose’s wishes. 
Linda gritted her teeth but was unable to say anything harsh. She didn’t want to annoy Elisa, who might disagree with their proposal. 
Why is her life so good? Where did she find the luck to hove so many identities? She’s being revered and respected; everyone wants to suck up to her. If she weren’t Iris, our family wouldn’t have so much trouble! 
Rose also felt slightly helpless as she continued, “We asked to meet you today for a discussion. I know you don’t feel good about it, but we area family.” 
Rachel smiled disdainfully. Now they are playing the family card. Yet, they were ruthless and callous when they did all those horrible things to Elisa. 
Elisa didn’t react to Rose’s words, nor did she plan to reply. She merely sat quietly, looking at the table coolly. After a moment, she felt bored and took out her phone, as though she had never heard Rose’s words. 
She seemed determined to completely ignore Rose.
In that instant, awkwardness hung in the air. Norman and his family looked at Elisa, surprised at her arrogance. 
Finally, Linda couldn’t help herself anymore. “Elisa, can’t you hear your aunt talking to you?” 
Though furious, she didn’t address Elisa’s full name, showing some restrainton her end.
###chapter985
Chapter 985
Chapter 985 Infuriated 
Elisa smiled at Linda mockingly. 
"Do you think I heard it?" 
Linda glowered at her with widened eyes that were not from shock but anger. 
Is she deaf? How could she not hear that? I was just trying to bring her to her senses. How dare she say something like that? How is this b*tch so thick face? 
Just when Linda was about to reply, Rose quickly laughed as a warning to Linda, who let out a cold snort in annoyance. 
She didn't say another word as she tried to get a grip on her emotions. 
Meanwhile, Rose let her emotions settle before saying, "Elisa, don't overthink things. I understand you need time to think it through, but it's urgent for us. Can we discuss it together?" 
Norman remained silent with a glum look, mainly because he couldn't cast his pride away to ask for Elisa's help. Hence, he depended on his wife to do the job for him. 
Linda stared at Elisa intently, waiting for her reply. 
"I have already given you a chance, but you refused it, leaving me with no other option," she replied calmly with a smile. 
"Do you think I heard it?" 
Norman and Linda's faces darkened. Rose had expected such a reply, so there wasn't much change in her facial expression. Instead, she nodded with a smile.
"Since you're here, Mr. Shane, let's start ordering. What would you like?" 
He pressed the button to call the waiter. 
Vincent had no intention of talking to him. "Anything will do. I'm not keen on ordering." 
Norman froze upon hearing his reply. Rage burned within him as he felt the urge to kick Vincent out. 
However, he didn't dare to do that, so he tried to rein his emotions in. 
Taking a deep breath, he nodded. "Alright, then. I'll do the ordering. Do you have any allergies or anything you don't like?" 
Though they weren't here to try the food, Norman still carried out all the pleasantries to paint himself in a better light. 
Charli was the first to reply with a smile, "I'm fine with anything." 
Linda and Rose remained silent, while Elisa and Rachel were determined to ignore him. 
Similarly, Vincent showed no respect at all.
###chapter986
Chapter 986
Chapter 986 How Ludicrous 
Though Norman was filled with rage, he decided to rein his feelings in. When the waiter entered, he took the order and left right after. 
The rest of the people remained in the room. 
Norman knew he had to bring back the topic that was interrupted moments ago. Otherwise, it would defeat the purpose of being here. 
Even though many people were in the room, they were all Elisa's allies. 
Gareth and Vincent were buddies, so they would side with Elisa, same with Rachel and Charli. 
Hence, there was no need to hold back on the discussion since Elisa would tell them everything afterward. 
After a moment of hesitation, Linda looked at Elisa again and said, "Elisa, no matter what, blood is thicker than water. This matter is too sudden for us. We have been thinking it through for the past few days, but you gave us too little time. Why don't we take it easy and stop going to court over this?" 
Elisa looked at the three of them incredulously with a conflicted expression. 
How can they act as though nothing happened in the court? Putting aside the assets and the profits, I've already submitted evidence regarding Dad's death. They could be sentenced as murderers. Yet, they're here asking me to stop fighting for financial gains? 
Who are these stupid relatives of Elisa? They killed her father, yet they still have the audacity to take the shares from her and ask her for a reconciliation. Are they kidding? This is like a kid's show! 
Rachel couldn't help herself anymore and scowl at Norman and his family.
"That's right. You killed her father, yet you ask her to concede to your request. Where has your dignity gone?" 
Linda's face immediately darkened. "Ms. Markee, you are a lawyer yourself – you should know that you can be sued for slandering our name if you don't have enough evidence." 
Rachel laughed coldly. "Feel free to sue me." 
Linda is threatening me with the law – how ludicrous! If it were Elisa, I might be worried about it. But Linda? Hmph! Who is she to do that? 
"You–" Linda stuttered in anger. 
###chapter987
Chapter 987
Chapter 987 Great Acting Skills 
Rose didn't want this situation to continue any further. After all, they would have to talk about this topic sooner or later. 
If they didn't clear the air regarding this topic, they couldn't proceed further – Rose knew this well. There was an implicit sequence to talk about matters. Even if the subject wasn't brought up, Elisa would point it out anyway. 
Hence, Rose nudged Linda's leg under the table to remind her to stay calm. 
If everything had been as smooth as before, Linda would have been able to play her part well. However, now that she had experienced so much, there was a massive change in her personality. 
Even a minor setback was a major hurdle for her to get over with. 
I have to talk to her when we get back, Rose thought. 
She took a deep breath before saying thoughtfully, "Elisa, the contract is related to the success of the entire Benett family – perhaps you disagree with our actions there. Regarding your father, however, how could you say that?" 
Elisa looked at her mockingly without saying a word. She wanted to hear how Rose would defend their actions. 
The main reason she agreed to meet them wasn't about this. However, she had to go through this to get the information she wanted. 
Rachel let out a cold snort. Rose is great at feigning innocence. 
Elisa looked at them calmly. Clearly, she no longer wanted to talk about this topic.
She turned to look at Norman. "What did you want to tell me about my father?" 
Since he used this excuse to lure me here, he has to say something about it. Otherwise, he will offend me even more. 
There was a slight frown on Norman's face. It's not the right time to talk about that, he thought. 
Staring squarely at Elisa, he replied, "Elisa, let's finish this topic first. I'll tell you about your father later." 
With that, he was implying that if they didn't resolve this issue first, he would not tell Elisa what she wanted to hear, as though it was a valuable piece of information to her. 
Rachel chuckled. "Are you using this to threaten Elisa, Mr. Benett? If she disagrees with you, you aren't going to tell her anything. Is that it?" 
He was indeed threatening her, but when Rachel pointed it out directly, the atmosphere seemed to change entirely.
###chapter988
Chapter 988
Chapter 988 It&aposs Just to Lure You Here 
Norman's expression immediately changed as he interjected, "Ms. Markee, that's not the case at all." 
Rachel let out a loud huff. She wanted to mock them back, but upon second thought, she remained silent. 
On the other hand, Charli ignored Norman and looked at Elisa gently. "Let the dead rest in peace. Sometimes, it's even more melancholy if we know too much. Why don't we give the matter a rest?" 
Norman was thunderstruck when he heard that. 
The fact that Elisa is willing to meet us shows how badly she wants to know the information – I'm not wrong on this. But if they convince her otherwise, things will look bad for me! 
Sure enough, Elisa nodded. "You're right. If I know too much, I might be sadder and miss him even more." 
There was a slight change of expression in Norman and his family. However, before they could speak, Charli smiled. "That's right. Just let things take their course and stop living in the past. I'm sure your dad would be happy to see you happy." 
"That's right! Your dad would be upset if you're still miserable about the past. Let it go, Elisa. Apart from that, what if Mr. Benett lied to you just to lure you here?" She winked at Elisa to show how much she didn't want Elisa to know the truth. 
Norman almost choked on his anger upon hearing that. 
Elisa's face darkened as she stared directly into his eyes. "This is your last chance – what were you going to tell me about my father?"
Both Norman and Linda were triggered by her attitude. 
How rude of her! Norman thought. 
That b*tch! I'm going to kill her sooner or later! Linda cursed internally. 
Rose quickly cleared her throat to calm them down. 
At that moment, someone knocked on the door – the dishes were ready to be served. 
Several waiters and waitresses walked into the room together when the door opened. After placing the dishes on the table, one of them asked, "Everything is ready. Do you have any other requests?" 
"We're good. You may leave." Rose had no intention of checking with the rest. After all, they weren't there for the food. 
"Sure." With that, the waiter left the room and closed the door.
###chapter989
Chapter 989
Chapter 989 Losing Her Patience 
After the waiter left the room, they were left on their own again. 
Elisa's patience was utterly depleted at this point. 
Looking at how Rose and her family wanted to continue the topic, she ignored them and started eating. 
Vincent looked at her briefly before following suit. How does she have the appetite to eat? Sure, I'll eat something too. 
Rachel and Charli did the same. Let's dig in. We're here for the food, after all! 
Norman's face darkened. He had never indicated to them that it was okay to start eating, yet they acted on their own accord without minding their manners. 
I can't believe they are going ahead and enjoying the food. Where are their manners? 
He took a deep breath in an attempt to control his emotions. 
Raising his wine glass, he proposed a toast. 
"Since we are all here, let's have a toast," he announced with a friendly smile as though it was another business meeting. 
However, Rose was the only one who held her glass up. 
The rest of them were not inclined to respond to him; they continued eating. 
In that instant, Norman's temper flared up. 
Rose kicked him under the table as a warning when he was on the brink of an outburst.
Despite their best efforts, it was challenging to endure such rudeness. 
Linda was the first to lose her temper. 
Her eyebrows were furrowed together as she glowered at Elisa coldly. "Elisa, you're not showing any respect at all – what do you want?" 
Rachel snorted out laughing as soon as she heard that. 
"Hey, do you guys have any hint of humility? Do you know what is going on right now? I believe it's an emergency for you – you might go to jail anytime! What are you doing here, complaining about Elisa being rude? Shouldn't you soften your tone when you ask for help? At the very least, you should kneel before her to beg for forgiveness!" 
She deliberately emphasized the word 'kneel.' 
Norman and his family looked even more offended when they heard that. 
Rachel's words reminded everyone Norman had a favor to ask of Elisa. Yet, they were acting all high and lofty. 
Rachel should put herself in our shoes. Elise forced us to this extent. Since she doesn't show us any respect, why should we lower our pride to plead for her help? They thought. 
At last, Elisa demanded icily, "This is my last time asking – will you tell me? Right now, right here." 
In the last sentence, she indicated that this might be their last chance to speak to her. 
Rose quickly nudged Norman under the table while beaming at Elisa widely. 
"Of course, we will. It is the reason we are here today. Don't be anxious – we've just started eating."
Upon hearing that, Elisa didn't utter a word. Her friends continued enjoying the food, but Norman and the rest of his family looked anxious. 
He returned to his senses and heaved a helpless sigh with sorrow in his eyes. 
"Back when your father was still alive…" 
During the pause in his sentence, Elisa tightened her fist around her spoon. 
Then, Norman continued in a wistful yet morose tone, "We were quite close. Your father always took care of me. Knowing I was in a tough situation, he invited me to stay at your place. He even transferred some shares to me and brought me into Benett Corporation." 
###chapter990
Chapter 990
Chapter 990 Life and Death 
Norman shook his head with a sigh as he started getting emotional. "This is really–" 
He thought he could bond with Elisa over this, but she cut him off before he could finish his sentence. 
"I don't have time for your emotional nonsense. Please get straight to the point." 
Annoyed and surprised, Norman tried to suppress his anger. 
Knowing he was not in the mood to continue, Rose quickly interjected, "Oh, Elisa. Don't be mad at us." 
This time around, she didn't dare to beat around the bush. "Before your father died, he entrusted this to us, asking us to pass it to you." 
Elisa's gaze flickered. Before Dad passed, he also told Gareth the same thing. Did he tell them something more? 
An inconspicuous frown appeared on her face. Can it be possible that he asked me not to take revenge when I find out the truth? 
Her expression hardened as though she knew what was coming. 
Norman had no clue what she was thinking. With another sigh, he said, "Your dad said you were the greatest pride in his life." 
Elisa didn't respond to his words; she merely listened quietly. 
This might be their last straw. They have no other options left. 
Linda retorted impatiently, "Dad, stop telling her what uncle said. Don't we have the recording?"
Elisa's resolve wavered. Is it really from Dad? He… also left one for Gareth. Is this his habit? 
Her heart skipped a beat, but there was no change in her expression. 
"Of course. I'll play it now," Norman replied. 
With that, he took out his phone and found a recording. 
Everyone in the room fell silent as they focused on the phone. 
As Norman pressed the play button, Nelson's voice rang. 
"Elisa." 
When she heard her name, there was a shudder in her heart. She inhaled but remained silent. 
Rachel quickly held her hand and shot an encouraging look at her. 
She smiled back slightly. 
Elise didn't respond to his words; she merely listened quietly. 
Then, Nelson continued, "I'll probably be gone by the time you hear this recording." 
Elisa's eyelashes fluttered. 
Though his words were very similar to the recording Gareth sent to her, she knew it was another recording. 
The choice of words and the tone of his voice were different.
She had listened to the other recording so many times that she had it memorized. She could even visualize how her father looked at that moment. 
A stab of pain shot through her heart. Rachel looked at her worriedly, holding her hand under the table all this while. 
Rachel, as her long-time friend, knew the calm facade she had on. She knew how devastated and nervous Elisa was feeling, though the latter didn't look or reply to her. 
Nelson's voice continued peacefully. "I know it's very upsetting to you. My dearest girl, it's my regret that I can't be with you until the very end. But remember that we will eventually part. This is how life is."
###chapter991
Chapter 991
Chapter 991 It Feels Good 
Elisa bit her lips unknowingly as grief swallowed her whole. 
Each time, the thought of her father would stir up waves of emotions. She always felt she owed everything to him. 
Dad and I wouldn't be in this situation if I weren't obsessed with that useless romance! If I had kept an eye on Norman and his family, we wouldn't reach this point! 
Meanwhile, the recording continued. 
The look on Elisa's face cheered Linda up. Finally, it's time for her to be upset! She usually seems so unperturbed and serene, as though nothing could upset her. I can't even find her weakness! It's finally time to enjoy watching her suffer. 
Linda took in a tiny breath, focusing on Elisa, so she didn't miss a thing. 
"Elisa, I didn't want to leave this recording to you, but I'm worried you might be devastated if I didn't leave you anything. I'll leave this recording with your Uncle Norman. If the time is right, you'll get to hear it someday. I know you will doubt my death and suspect another cause for it. Remember that I'm not that healthy, to begin with. It's wishful thinking if I could live long. I haven't told you because I don't want you to worry. But in the end, I still can't…" 
He was choked with sadness he could no longer hide. 
"I just want you to live on happily. Don't overthink this and take any action. My only wish is for you to be my happy princess, as you always have." 
It was an implicit reminder for her not to seek revenge on Norman.
Elisa's lips were pressed into a grim line. He was worried that Gareth might not pass this to me, so he left it with Norman, who could very well ignore it, but he somehow kept it and passed it to me on this day. 
Meanwhile, Norman felt grateful he didn't delete the recording out of disdain back then. Yes! It's good I kept this with me all this while! It came in handy today. 
Nonetheless, he was unaware Elisa had already heard the recording before, and she had already decided to go against her father's wishes. 
"Elisa…" Rachel whispered and pulled her hand worriedly upon seeing how immobile she had been. 
Elisa returned to her senses and smiled back at her, indicating she was okay. 
Nevertheless, Rachel looked at her uncertainly, not entirely convinced. 
Charli also shot an apprehensive glance at her. 
On the other hand, Vincent merely glanced at Elisa before ignoring her. 
"Elisa, it's a great regret of mine that I can't be with you anymore. Remember that you will always be my baby, and I will watch over you as you live a happy life. Promise me you will do that, okay?" 
His love for his daughter oozed through his last few words with a tinge of worry and endless longing. 
He tried to hide his desire to stay with her. All he wanted was for her to move on and have a great life, not give her more burden. 
Norman pretended to be sorry for his brother, but he was watching Elisa anxiously.
###chapter992
Chapter 992
Chapter 992 Linda&aposs Anxiety 
Rachel wanted to throw up from watching the scene before her. A scoff escaped her lips. 
"Be good. I'm going to go now. I love you." 
Those were Elisa's father's last words. 
Elisa felt a crushing sensation in her heart but did not want to express her vulnerability. 
Rose waited for Elisa to say something, but all she was met with was silence. She decided to comfort her again, "Elisa, I know it's hard, but he's gone now. You…" 
Elisa suddenly raised her head and met her gaze with cold eyes. Rose felt a chill run down her spine, and she forgot what she was about to say. Rose could feel the murderous intent in Elisa's piercing gaze. She feared she would be dead the next second. 
Very quickly, Norman and his family did not know how to proceed. 
"He's gone?" Elisa sneered at them while glaring at them. 
I said the wrong thing. Rose balked. 
There was a slight change on Norman's face. He opened his mouth to say something, but Elisa was quicker. Her piercing voice rang in their ears. 
"You killed him, yet you try to show sympathy? Are you condoling me?" Elisa's words were full of sarcasm and sounded frightful to Norman and his family. It was as if they could feel tendrils of her murderous intent tightening their grip around their organs. It chilled them to the bone.
Elisa… had changed. She used to be warm and cheerful and smiled all the time. Now, her smiles held knives within them. The temperature in the house seemed to drop from the chill she was radiating. 
The look in Vincent's eyes was indescribable. He could feel the same satanic energy that radiated off Gareth from her. 
No wonder they used to be married. Even when divorced, they have the same habits. What rarity. 
Vincent decided to mind his own business and continued his meal. 
However, he was the only one who could consume any food. 
Rachel glared at him, but Vincent was too busy minding his business to see her. He was unbothered by his surroundings. 
Rachel regained her senses. She had wanted to stay quiet and avoid Elisa's wrath, but she knew things would get worse if she did nothing. She inhaled sharply and spoke quietly to Elisa, "Elisa, I think there's been a misunderstanding. Nothing like what you said happened. We only allowed you to do this because we wanted you to know what happened in the past. We hoped you could mourn your father and move on. Elisa, you've got to believe us. We didn't want to give it to you because you were too deep in grief…" 
Elisa scoffed at that but remained quiet. She turned to Vincent, but when she saw he was almost done with his meal, she stood up without regard for Norman and his family. 
"Elisa, where are you going?" Norman asked hurriedly. 
Rachel and Charli followed Elisa's actions. They knew Elisa wasn't going to the bathroom but was planning on… leaving. 
Elisa did not reply to Norman and walked out of the room.
Linda grew even more anxious!
###chapter993
Chapter 993
Chapter 993 A Chill Vincent Shane 
Linda got up and followed Elisa with distress in her eyes. She stopped and grabbed hold of Elisa's arm when she saw her hand on the doorknob. "Elisa, where are you going? The toilet? You don't need this many people to go with you. I'll go with you!" 
Elisa flung her hand away and pulled the door open without a second thought. 
"Elisa!! You can't leave! We're not done yet! We've given you the recording and kept our promise; you should repay us!" Elisa begged with wide and jittery eyes. Though in her mind, she was cursing Elisa out. 
How can you do this to us? You're making me crazy! 
Yet, Elisa kept ignoring her. Norman and Rose caught up to them and saw Linda latched onto Elisa's arm. Linda was blabbering like she didn't care if anyone heard her; she wasn't saying anything important anyway. 
Rachel could not watch the scene any longer. She went up to Linda and forcefully pulled her away. "Are you crazy? Have you got no dignity? Can't you see that Liz is done talking to you? She wouldn't have even wanted to see you if you had not used such dirty tricks to coerce her into coming. You won't even offer a sincere apology when you know full well what you all did. Stop pretending! Do you think people can't see through your pretense?" 
Linda got up and followed Elisa with distress in her eyes. She stopped and grabbed hold of Elisa's arm when she saw her hand on the doorknob. "Elisa, where are you going? The toilet? You don't need this many people to go with you. I'll go with you!" 
Charli snorted in disbelief, "Yeah. There's no point continuing. Since we've decided to go by the law, we won't let you off easily. You have better prepare yourselves."
"You…! You're all…!" B*tches. This group of b*tches. Why can't Elisa just drop dead?! 
Linda couldn't finish her curses because Elisa had walked away. 
Vincent finished his food without hurrying and wiped the corner of his mouth with a napkin. It might not be the best time to eat, but he couldn't let the food go to waste. He smiled at the family of three, who all wore similar crestfallen expressions, and said, "Thank you for the invite, Mr. Benett. I'll treat next time." 
Norman was enraged. His eyes twitched, and the vein on his forehead pounded. 
Rose forced a smile and said, "Vincent's just joking." 
Linda chewed on her lip with both hands clenched. She looked at Vincent but couldn't say a word. Vincent used to smile at her when she and Gareth were still a thing, but now… he didn't even glance at her. She felt like she had fallen from heaven to hell. She couldn't bear the crushing feeling within her. 
"We'll talk about it next time," Vincent said while strolling to his car. 
Only Norman, Rose, and Linda were left in the room in a matter of seconds. They were disheartened to continue their meal, so they left. Norman thought they could meet the rest of them in the parking lot but… he was wrong. He got into the driver's seat with a pale face while Rose and Linda got into the back.
###chapter994
Chapter 994
Chapter 994 I Want the Truth 
"What should we do?" Even Rose was fretting. She would never have made such a comment but thought about the next course of action. But now, she did not know what to do. This was their last resort. Not only did Elisa reject it, but she became angrier upon hearing the recording! 
What do we do now?! 
"We shouldn't have played the recording!" Linda said while chewing on her lip. 
Norman started the car and said through gritted teeth, "It doesn't matter if we played it for her or not. Things have come to this!" 
"No! I want to call that secretive person!" Linda shouted. 
Norman furrowed his brows but said nothing. 
Rose did not support Linda's idea but did not know what else she could do. She exhaled deeply. "Try calling her. You must hold a high value to her if she's willing to use you. She wouldn't want to watch your downfall. It might be a loss for her if our family falls." 
Linda was on pins and needles. She took her phone out and immediately dialed a number. 
As usual, the person did not pick up her call. A moment later, her phone rang. Everyone in the car was holding their breath. Rose looked at the phone with immense anticipation. Linda nervously picked up. 
As usual, the person did not pick up her call. A moment later, her phone rang. Everyone in the car was holding their breath. Rose looked at the phone with immense anticipation. Linda nervously picked up. 
"What's the problem?" An annoyed voice said without giving Linda a chance to speak.
"Something big had happened!!" Linda immediately blurted. 
"What happened?" The person on the other end of the call tightened her brows. Linda could feel the annoyance in the child-like voice. She dared not blabber on and told the person the main points. 
The person's brows tightened even more. 
"What… What should I do? You must help me!" Linda begged. 
"How can I help you when you're like that?" The person's eyes darkened. 
"How…? What?! You can't do this to me!" Linda fretted. 
"Did you really kill the person?" The voice asked seriously. 
There was a slight change in Linda's expression. Rose saw it and waved her hand at her with a determined look. 
Linda knew what Rose was trying to express, even without words. She hurriedly replied, "Of course not! Elisa thought we killed her father because she also thinks I want to steal her husband and inheritance. That is not the case!" 
"How can I help if you're not telling the truth?" The person on the other end snickered coldly. 
"I am telling the truth." Linda's face was blanched of color. 
"Alright. They won't have any evidence since you're telling the truth. There won't be a problem as long as you deny it." 
Rose's face darkened again, and Linda clamored, "No, that's not it. She has evidence that could implicate us. She even submitted it to court today. She wouldn't do that if she weren't sure."
The voice giggled in a high pitch. "I can't help you if you don't speak the truth. I also don't know what the evidence is. There won't be a problem if it is fake." 
The speaker hung up.
###chapter995
Chapter 995
Chapter 995 The End Goal 
"Hello…" Linda didn't hear a reply. She grew more anxious when she realized the person had hung up on her. 
"What do I do? She wants me to tell the truth! She won't deal with us if I don't!!" 
Rose's expression was indescribable as she stayed silent. She did not know what to do. 
Norman felt fury bubble in his chest as he drove. He felt the urge to run over some people to extinguish the rage within him. 
"We should tell her if we don't have a Plan B. She can't do anything to us at the moment." Linda said after some contemplation. 
"We can't do that!" Rose rejected. 
Linda side-eyed her and said, "What other ideas do you have? We can't just sit around and wait for our doom!" 
Rose's face was full of disapproval. She narrowed her eyes at Linda and said, "We can't tell her the truth just because we have no other ideas. She wants us to confess so she can use that against us and make us work for her. Our future will be even more doomed then!" 
Linda's nostrils flared in anger as she seethed in silence. 
… 
It was daylight in Bayswe but night overseas. 
…
It was daylight in Bayswe but night overseas. 
The person on the chair put down her phone. She was in a lavish building that looked like a palace. It wasn't one covered in splendid gold but had a cool tone as its main scheme. The place was like an ice palace. It was luxurious yet unhomely. The chandelier above shone brightly, but it was hung high enough not to be glaring in the vast space. The design of the house was foreign to this country as it had followed overseas architecture. The house owner had personally designed and assigned people to the construction. She had employed many people, and it took half a year to complete the house. 
At this moment, she sneered after putting the phone down. The woman was twenty-eight years old. She was top of the food chain even before turning thirty. She was the princess of this country, where both males and females had equal rights. As she was the online child of the current queen, she was next in line to the throne. However, she was not the queen's biological daughter, so many people protested against her taking up the position. There were even talks of nominating someone more capable. 
… 
There was also a group of people that had betrayal in their hearts and were ready to steal the throne. The princess did not need to worry about those as her mother had loyal servants who would deal with those people. She was only focused on one thing at the moment. 
There was also a group of people that had betrayal in their hearts and were ready to steal the throne. The princess did not need to worry about those as her mother had loyal servants who would deal with those people. She was only focused on one thing at the moment. 
To kill Elisa Benett. 
This was her end goal. However, the chess piece she had chosen was useless. She wondered if she had thought wrong about Linda. She squinted as she squeezed her phone; her expression darkened.
"Ma'am, why did you reject them? We could've helped," a tall and handsome man standing beside the princess asked when he saw her bad mood. 
The woman pursed her lips and looked at the man. He was her favorite and her confidant. She gestured to him, and the man immediately came to her.
###chapter996
Chapter 996
Chapter 996 Princess Salvia 
She leaned into his chest and closed her eyes. The man quickly wrapped his arms around her waist and started moving his hands. It wasn't because of his desires but because he knew she had needs when she took the initiative. 
The woman moaned with her eyes closed, pleased with his movements. The man did not stop. 
However, the woman started talking, "Linda's family is not subservient to me. They still think about themselves first when I give them orders. They're not immersed in revenge. They will end up hating Elisa even more without my help." 
"Will you… help them in the end?" The man was surprised by her thoughts. 
"I've seen the evidence Elisa submitted. It would only implicate one person, and I'm guessing it will be Rose Meek." 
"Why?" The man paused in his actions but quickly resumed his path to her lips. 
The woman lay down and hugged the man's neck. She had a bitter smile on her lips. "One person is enough. They can chase down the related persons after. Rose has done so much for the family; she wouldn't watch her husband and daughter go to jail." 
The woman tilted her neck back, and the man's lips ravaged it. 
The woman tilted her neck back, and the man's lips ravaged it. 
She closed her eyes and sighed comfortably, "When the time comes, they will hate Elisa even more. They would do anything to get their means then."
"But… Norman and his family are slowly losing their influence day by day. We might have to take extra caution when they pass the jobs to us in the future," the man said breathily to her neck, and she shivered. The man did it on purpose as he knew she liked it. 
She shut her eyes in contentment and suddenly flipped their positions. 
The man had his back pressed to the bed as he grabbed hold of her waist. 
The woman caressed his face as she looked at the handsome man endearingly. Yet, what came out of her mouth were words of contempt. 
"I'm not scared of what they're capable of. On the contrary, they won't listen to me as long as they have an ounce of influence. I need them to be at the bottom of the barrel and abhorring Elisa's existence to the point of not caring if they perished together." 
Her finger trailed from his face downwards. 
The man smiled softly, revealing a shallow dimple on his handsome face. The woman's eyes glazed over. She leaned down and kissed the dimple. 
Her finger trailed from his face downwards. 
The man smiled softly, revealing a shallow dimple on his handsome face. The woman's eyes glazed over. She leaned down and kissed the dimple. 
He was her favorite but also her only one. She liked him a lot. 
"That sounds right, Princess Salvia," the man agreed. 
The woman's lips lifted in a smile. "Let's wait and see. It's not time to harvest our fruits yet. I never thought Elisa would become so powerful."
A glint went past the man's eyes. After a moment of hesitation, he said, "Whatever the case, she won't be your stumbling block. She is just a pebble on the road; just get rid of her." 
The woman giggled and kissed him. 
… 
In Bayswe. 
Vincent was driving the girls home. Elisa was seated in the front passenger seat. She was an image of seriousness as she typed on her laptop busily.
###chapter997
Chapter 997
Chapter 997 Why Can't I Be as Good as Her? 
Rachel and Charli's eyes glazed as they stared at the ever-changing lines of numbers on the screen. 
"Oh my goodness! My head's spinning from looking at all those numbers! She's crazy!" 
Rachel whispered to Charli as she did not want to interrupt Elisa. Charli nodded in admiration. 
Although she and Elisa had always been in contact, they kept their topics strictly within their jobs as lawyers.She did not know Elisa was an infamous hacker that went by the name Black-Eyed Susan.She was flabbergasted when she first learned about Elisa's alter-ego; this was her first time seeing her in action. 
The dark cloud overshadowing Vincent's face dispersed as he drove.He was mesmerized by the laptop on Elisa’s lap.He finally pulled over at the side of the road and said, "The car moving will interrupt the signal.Finish up first." 
Elisa nodded without saying anything.She was wholly focused on the screen in front of her. 
As for the other three... 
Three pairs of eyes stared at the screen, wanting to know what the numbers on it meant. 
Vincent was well-versed in computer technology and knew a little about coding and hacking.Still, he was no professional like Elisa was. 
However, he had no idea what Elisa was doing.He suddenly doubted his knowledge and ability. 
Is this how I'm supposed to be? Why can't I be as good as her? Vincent kept his thoughts to himself. 
Elisa finally stopped typing and closed the lid of her laptop.
"Did you find something?" Rachel asked. 
"No, my opponent was very slippery.I couldn't find the IP address or location," Elisa tiredly replied, massaging her brows. 
"What?" Rachel did not understand, but an idea seemed to light up in Charli's mind. 
"There's someone behind Linda.I think the same person helped her dodge the police investigation.I'm sure she would contact the person after the fiasco, but I couldn't trace the IP address" Elisa said. 
Rachel's brows knitted together, and she burst out, "I can't believe there's someone else behind Linda!! Who would help her no.vel.e.book Are they psycho?" Elisa remained calm. 
"It's probably one of my enemies wanting to get back at me.It's not the first time" 
Rachel and Vincent looked at Elisa with skeptical eyes. 
"Where did this enemy come from?" Vincent asked. 
"I don't know yet," Elisa replied, but there was a look in her eyes. She did not say anything else. 
Rachel gritted her teeth. 
"The person might have a grudge against one of your pseudonyms. They must be coming after you now that your identity has been exposed! I wonder if it has to do with Black-Eyed Susan or Iris." 
These two alter-egos had made many enemies.Elisa pursed her lip and said nothing.She wasn't sure which one it was either. 
"Let me send you all home." Vincent broke the silence.
###chapter998
Chapter 998
Chapter 998 Stop The Car 
Everyone agreed to his suggestion quietly.The car began moving again. 
Elisa was the same as usual.She wasn't upset even though she couldn't get any leads.She was sure she could get something from Linda. 
Linda wouldn't rest well until she was dead.She was trying so hard to eliminate Elisa because her existence impacted the mastermind hiding in the shadows. 
The car moved in silence, and Vincent dropped them at their respective houses and offices. 
Rachel was the last to get off. 
Seeing Vincent's troubled expression, Rachel offered, "You don't have to send me back; I'll take a taxi." 
She couldn't stand being in his presence any longer.He was always finding ways to bully her. 
Vincent's expression darkened, and he said, "Do you despise me that much?" 
He looked at her frostily. 
After Charli left, they were the only two in the car. 
The door was locked, and Rachel couldn't get out. 
Rachel hadn't made any moves with Charli in the car to not divulge too much to her. no.vel.e.book Rachel smiled pretentiously. 
"I don't despise you.I wouldn't not want to be in your presence.You're so chic and cool; so many women would die for the chance to sleep with you." Vincent chuckled heatedly.
"Are you dying for that chance too?" Disgust appeared on Rachel's face. 
"F*ck off! Why would I want to sleep with you? Are you crazy?" 
"You said it yourself.I was just going along with it. I'll fulfill your wish if that is what you want," 
Vincent sneered at Rachel.However, when he saw Rachel going red, his anger subsided in the blink of an eye. 
Rachel gritted her teeth and shouted, "You b*stard! I'll skin you alive if you continue that bullsh*t!" 
Vincent snickered without the slightest emotion. 
"Do you want to skin me alive? Or do you want to touch my skin? It's kind of the same, right? Since when have you had such thought about me?" 
He ridiculed Rachel. 
A fire burned in Rachel's eyes, and she could feel heat radiating from her face.She could probably fry an egg on her face. 
"Shut up!!" 
Rachel was usually a good talker, but with Vincent, she could never retort back to him.However, if it were someone else sprouting this nonsense, she might've punched the person without an ounce of guilt.She just couldn't do the same when faced with Vincent's handsome smile.Her face continued to redden without her permission. 
There was a strange glint in Vincent's eyes. 
"So? Why's your face so red?"
A person couldn't fake their body's reactions.It made her look very innocent. 
Rachel ground her teeth together and said through the burn on her face, "Let it down! I don't want to spend another second with you!" 
"Nah. It's late," Vincent said and stepped on the accelerator, and the car sped off! 
"Stop the car!!" Rachel shouted furiously.
###chapter999
Chapter 999
Chapter 999 Ignorance 
"I'm not stopping! Are you going to steal the wheel?" 
Vincent's anger suddenly dissipated.He enjoyed controlling her. 
"You...!" 
Rachel inhaled and calmed herself. 
"It won't do you any good to send me home! I won't feel indebted to you!" 
Vincent scoffed, "I never wanted you to be indebted to me.Do you even have that sentiment?" 
Suddenly, his anger inflamed again. 
"I don't have that sentiment toward dogs!!" Rachel retorted. 
"You dumb b*tch! No wonder no one wants you!" 
Vincent gnashed his teeth.He stepped harder on the accelerator, and the speedometer's needle flew to the right. 
Rachel was slightly freaked out.She clutched the seatbelt and screeched, "Be careful! This is a 25 zone!" 
"Relax.We won't get into an accident.I don't want to go to prison for you!" 
Vincent was in no mood to continue the conversation with Rachel.He sent her to the office and jetted off.
Rachel was surprised as she thought he would make a few more remarks, but her mood was lifted when she saw the sour expression on his face. 
Vincent arrived at Gareth’'s office half an hour later. 
Gareth was busy working when Vincent walked in and paid no mind to his arrival. 
Vincent's mood worsened when he saw Gareth ignoring him. 
"Oi! Are you blind? Can you not see a live man in front of you?" no.vel.e.book Vincent roared. 
"Why are you shouting?" 
Gareth lifted his head and looked at him. 
"Is your work so important that you'll rather pay attention to it than to me" 
Gareth did not know what to say.Vincent paid no heed to his actions that seemed like an angry mistress.He pulled a chair and sat down. 
Suddenly, his expression changed into one of excitement. 
Gareth was used to his mood swing and did not bother with him. 
Vincent smiled at Gareth with twinkling eyes. 
"I went to see Elisa's court case with the Benett family.Do you want to know what happened?" 
Gareth swept him a glance and focused back on his work when he saw Vincent's impatience in wanting to tell the story. 
"Nah," he said coolly.
"Hah! What act are you putting on? I know you too well, brother.Elisa might have met bigger trouble this time" 
Gareth’s hand paused.He looked at him quietly but did not go back to work. 
Vincent snickered, "No more acts?" 
"Get out if you're not going to speak." 
Gareth's face was serious, and his voice was full of cold displeasure.It did not scare Vincent.He sniggered and said, "Let me begin from the top.Let me tell you about what happened at the court.Elisa was vicious." 
Vincent spoke like he was expressing his own opinions and not telling the facts of the event. 
Gareth glared at him fiercely while repressing the urge to strangle him.Vincent guffawed.
###chapter1000
Chapter 1000
Chapter 1000 Don't Take Revenge 
"Heh.I'm going to take my time! You never cared for Elisa.Why did you ignore your work when you heard she met trouble? You're not even chasing me out! Gareth, you should be more honest." 
Vincent didn't want to toy with Gareth’'s emotions; he simply wanted him to acknowledge his own.Elisa was becoming finer by the day.So many men wanted to garner her attention and be affiliated with her.Will Darcey was one of them. 
There were other more influential and handsome men. 
Gareth would only drive Elisa farther away if he kept looking for ways to anger her.If he didn’t appreciate her, someone else would. 
"What are you doing?" Gareth said to Vincent as his brows knitted together. 
"Saving the world! What do you think?" Vincent was dumbfounded. He continued sourly, "I'm doing this to give you another chance. I know you don't want to admit you like her or face your true feelings. Did you not worry when I said she was in trouble? Did you not have the instinct to protect her?"Vincent continued when he saw Gareth furrowing his brows. 
"I wasn't lying. Linda didn't send those assassins after Elisa the last two times. There's a mastermind behind Linda, and that person will probably make a move soon! Elisa might be good at fighting, but one day..." 
Gareth's glare suddenly cut Vincent's rant short. He laughed as though he had picked up on something. 
"Look at yourself! Are you not going to admit to it? I'm not even sure if you're trying to keep your dignity in front of me or if you're oblivious to your own feelings! You don't have to care about your image in
front of me. no.vel.e.book I just want to see you happy.You need to search your heart for answers," Vincent advised earnestly. 
A solemn emotion flitted across his eyes as he spoke.He did not know if it was an abrupt emotion or something else. 
Gareth's face hardened, but there was a conflicted emotion in his obsidian eyes.He finally opened his mouth and said with a voice that chilled the bones, "Tell me more about what happened today"Vincent snorted, realizing he had said all he needed to. 
It was up to Gareth what he did next. 
Vincent relayed the events at the court to him. 
"I didn't see the evidence that was submitted.Elisa is determined to destroy that family.We're waiting for the second trial, but that would only happen if Elisa is still alive.Otherwise, all her inheritance will go to the Benett family." 
"What happened after the trial?" 
Gareth's eyes turned frostier. 
"After they left, Norman invited Elisa for a meal, and I went with them.They played a recording of Elisa's father before his death, probably hoping that Elisa would give up on the case and not take revenge.But, you know Elisa, she's pretty stubborn.She walked off straight away"
###chapter1001
Chapter 1001
Chapter 1001 Future Wife 
It was as if Gareth's brows had tightened. He didn't say anything, but the coldness in his eyes grew. 
Any other child with a conscience would have found a way to take revenge for their father if they discovered that their father had been murdered, as long as they weren't helpless. 
Elisa's ability surpassed Norman's, and her power wasn't inferior to his. She would naturally make a move, but… 
Gareth's expression froze slightly, and he didn't say anything. 
Vincent said, "After we left, Elisa started monitoring Linda and heard their conversation but didn't discover their location. This person is quite powerful. Are you sure you don't want to protect your future wife properly?" 
Vincent said the last few words in a different tone. Gareth glanced at him coldly. "Don't say anything if you don't know how to speak." 
"D*mn! Are you asking me to keep quiet after I worked and told you everything? How the heck did we become best friends?! I'm so unlucky!" 
Gareth couldn't be bothered to pay him any attention, and he started to ponder. He paused momentarily before saying in a low voice, "Did Elisa say what her plans are?" 
Vincent shrugged. "No. Rachel asked for a long time, but Elisa said nothing." 
Gareth didn't say anything while Vincent looked at him and said, "By the way, did you find anything from when Elisa was previously attacked?" 
"The trail went cold," Gareth said calmly without looking at Vincent.
Vincent wrinkled his brows. "I still can't figure out who she offended." 
Gareth was silent. 
Vincent stayed a while at Gareth's but left when he saw that Gareth had a lot of work and matters to deal with. He said, "Let me know if anything comes up. I'm leaving." 
"Mm." 
Gareth sat still and didn't move. 
Vincent got up and left. 
Only Gareth was left in the office. He looked down at the documents on the desk but didn't absorb a single word. He paused for a moment before sending Thomas a message. 
… 
Time passed, and it was closer to the day of the second hearing. 
Norman and his family were feeling worse and had argued countless times during this period. After quarreling with her family, Linda still had to communicate with the person behind the scenes. 
But her parents didn't want her to admit they killed Nelson. 
Therefore, she couldn't ask the person behind the scenes for help at all, but! 
If this continued, it would only make things worse! 
She felt that it was acceptable to tell the other party. At worst, the other party would just record her. The other party had an artificial voice, which was insufficient evidence.
Therefore! 
She didn't care about anything else. She couldn't stand Elisa getting her shares back and the fact that her family was captured by the police because of evidence Elisa had submitted. 
If it was proven that her family had killed Nelson, they would be penalized to death if they couldn't think of ways to absolve themselves. 
When Linda thought about it, she called the mysterious person again. As usual, the other party didn't answer the call and instead used another number to call her back. 
Linda immediately answered the call nervously. "Hello?" 
"Have you thought it through?" The girly voice was cold and not endearing at all.
###chapter1002
Chapter 1002
Chapter 1002 It’s Not the End of the Line Yet 
Linda took a tiny breath and finally said, "Yes. I admit that we did it." 
She left a way out for herself and didn't explicitly say she had killed Nelson. Even if the other party recorded it, it was useless. 
But… 
She never thought the other party would say in a low voice, "I want the detailed process. Tell me clearly how you killed Nelson." 
Linda's expression changed at once. "Why must you know about this?" 
"How can I save you without knowing what you did?" The other party's voice was slightly deep. She even sneered. 
Linda was suddenly nervous. "I can just give you the evidence that she submitted. I…" 
"Do you know what the specific evidence is? As far as I know, she submitted documents at the time. Do you think she only submitted what was mentioned in court? Do you think she has nothing else to take you down in one shot? Why would she let you know beforehand?" 
Linda's expression suddenly paled. She's right… 
Linda didn't know what to do. 
But the other party wasn't interested and immediately said in a low voice, "So are you going to tell me? I'm swamped." 
"Yes, I am!" Linda said with gritted teeth, afraid the other party would end the call.
She was now becoming more worthless. She feared that if she continued being stubborn, this person behind her would give up on her. Then, they would have no other way to free themselves. 
Linda took a deep breath and spoke slowly in the end. 
"Nelson had allergies and hadn't been in great health, so my dad found a doctor to especially prescribe medicine for him. Nelson's health improved, and my dad instructed the servants to feed Nelson what he was allergic to. My dad also gave Nelson pills that worked against the medicine he was taking. As days passed, the strain on his heart grew, and this caused his heart attack." 
The other party suddenly laughed lightly. "What a great plan. Who else knows about this?" 
"The two trusted aides at home." Linda shut her eyes. Since she had already talked about it, she had nothing else to say. 
"You let them live?" 
"They are loyal and devoted to our family. We gave them a huge sum of money and let them leave." 
"Pfft." The other party was disdainful. "Only the dead won't betray you. How careless. Can you still find those two people?" 
"Yes." 
"Contact them and get rid of them within these two days." 
Linda's expression changed, but she felt what the person said made sense, so she could only answer, "Alright. I understand. Then about the second hearing…" 
"You told me too late, and I can't ensure that those two servants will be captured. Things wouldn't have been this way if you had told me about it earlier."
Linda was dumbfounded. 
"So what should we do?!" She asked hurriedly. 
The other party sneered. "What can you do? If this falls through, your family can only admit defeat. It's the punishment for not telling me the truth." 
Linda panicked and said at once, "No! I beg you to give me a chance! I can do anything you want!" 
Linda was really frantic now. The other party said indifferently, "It's not the end of the line yet."
###chapter1003
Chapter 1003
Chapter 1003 You’re Crazy! 
Linda's eyes lit up. "You mean…" 
"If this falls through, I will arrange a new identity for you." 
The light in Linda's eyes instantly dimmed. How can this be?! 
She only wanted to be Linda Benett, the daughter of the Benett family. She clutched her cell phone tightly and said anxiously, "I…" 
Before she could finish speaking, the other party said in a low voice, "Wait for my news." 
The other party hung up after that. 
Linda immediately threw her cell phone in a rage. "Ah! Stupid wench!" 
She was cursing Elisa and the person behind the scenes. 
Rose had been in a bad mood after arguing with her daughter. She now realized something was wrong, so she rushed over immediately. Rose never imagined her daughter would be in such a state after opening the door. Rose's expression changed instantly, and she immediately walked forward to hold Linda's shoulders with both hands. 
"Did you call that person?! Did you tell her everything?!" 
Linda's gaze flickered. The next moment, she broke free from Rose and gritted her teeth. "Obviously! Was I supposed to be resigned to my fate? The second hearing is upon us, and we may go to prison soon! Do you still care about that?! Since the person intends to kill Elisa, she will find a way to save us!" 
'Smack'
Linda instantly screamed. Her face was tilted to the side because of Rose's force. 
Linda raised her hands and held her right cheek before lifting her head disbelievingly to look at Rose, standing before Linda with a sinister expression from her rage. "Mom, you hit me?" 
Rose had never hit her before! 
Rose never imagined that she would suddenly do such a thing, either. She was muddled from her fury, and her hand froze in mid-air. 
After a momentary pause, she finally put her hand down weakly. Her voice trembled, "You're crazy!" 
"I'm crazy? Aren't you going to think of a way with our current situation? Are you really waiting for the second hearing's sentencing?!" 
Rose was silent momentarily and asked in a low voice, "What did that person say after you told her about the process?" 
"She told us that it's too late! But she's thought of a way to deal with it and even asked me why I didn't deal with the two trusted servants. She wants me to move quickly and not give them a chance to testify for Elisa." 
The sky darkened, and Elisa was at home on her laptop. She was still thinking of a way to follow the tracks. 
Her gaze was focused, and her hands kept tapping away on the keyboard. 
Her cell phone suddenly rang and diverted her attention. 
Elisa saw the cell phone number on her screen and answered the call. 
"Hi."
She didn't say anything else. 
Will laughed lightly. "Have you finally made a move?" 
Elisa's expression was calm. "Mm. It's all thanks to the information you told me." 
"Is that just a verbal thanks? I won't accept it." Will's voice sounded relatively calm. 
Elisa's lips twitched. "I'll buy you a meal soon. I'm quite busy these two days." 
"What are you busy with? Do you need help?" 
"No." After a pause, she asked, "What's up?" 
"Mm. There is something I wanted to ask you. It's about the jeweler partnership. But since you're busy, we can discuss it when you're free." 
Elisa turned her head to the side as if thinking about it. She pondered and said softly, "Mm. Wait for me to be done. It'll just take a few days."
###chapter1004
Chapter 1004
Chapter 1004 Come Up with New Tricks 
She knew she could only take revenge on one of them for the time being through her father's matter. She couldn't make all three of them fall at once. But through this, she could kick Norman out of the company entirely. 
"I'll wait for your arrangements. I'm done on my side and can take over any time. But what do you plan to do once the matter with Norman and his family is settled?" 
Elisa's eyes froze slightly, and she didn't answer immediately. 
She knew what Will meant. 
Norman and his family wouldn't be destroyed in one go. They would come up with new tricks. 
"I'll cross the bridge when I come to it." Elisa only said as such in the end. She didn't want to say too much. 
But at the next moment, her doorbell rang. 
Elisa was slightly baffled. "There's someone at my door. Talk to you soon." 
Will smiled. "Alright." 
He spoke lightly and had a relaxed feeling. 
Elisa paused for a moment and didn't end the call. "Are you here?" 
"Hmm?" Will didn't say anything, but with his slightly higher pitch, it didn't seem like a question. In fact, there were other emotions. 
"Open the door. I brought supper for you."
Elisa furrowed her brows but still got up and walked to the door. She ended the call and opened the door. 
There were takeout boxes in Will's hands. 
She didn't say anything as she stepped aside. 
Will walked in and changed his shoes habitually. It seemed like he had been here many times and was doing it out of habit. 
He shut the door, and a smile was on the corners of his lips. "I know you must not have eaten because you're busy at night. Eat something." 
Elisa's eyes flashed. In an instant, she didn't know what to say. 
"Will, you…" 
"Have some food first?" A gentle smile was in the corners of Will's lips, but his deep, pitch-black eyes were overpowering. 
Elisa was exasperated. She turned and went to the washroom. Both washed their hands before eating together. 
Elisa took two bites and looked at him. "You don't have to help me with the other matters regarding Norman." 
She didn't want to involve innocent people. It was mainly because the person behind Linda was unpredictable. Elisa didn't want to owe Will too many favors. 
But this made Will raise his eyes to look at her. "Don't you know who the person behind Linda is yet?" 
Elise furrowed her brows but still got up end welked to the door. She ended the cell end opened the door.
Elisa was startled. She subconsciously raised her eyes to look at him. 
But… 
After a moment, she looked away. It wasn't weird for him to ask. 
She said softly, "I'm still investigating, and I'll be able to find out soon. You don't have to interfere." 
Will's lips twitched. "Alright." 
Elisa didn't say anything, but her brows wrinkled unconsciously. She hadn't wanted Will to answer so quickly because she knew that such an answer meant he would interfere. 
Will knew what she was thinking about, so he changed the topic. 
"My family has been pressuring me to look for a wife." A light smile was on the corners of his lips. "What should I do? Liz, when will you accept me? Then I can take you home, and they can take a look at you." 
Elisa's lips twitched, and she seemed to laugh at herself. "It's fine. I'm afraid your family won't be able to take it." 
Will raised his brows. "What can't they take? There's nothing wrong with you. Furthermore, my parents like you, and they know my intentions."
###chapter1005
Chapter 1005
Chapter 1005 Indescribably Conflicted 
Elisa instantly raised her eyes to look at him. 
But at the next moment, she realized something. 
Will had caused such a sensation and had pursued her on Twitter. How could his parents not know? 
Will sighed. "If you still think I'm taking advantage of you by bringing you home, I may be using the wrong way." 
Elisa wrinkled her brows and looked at Will's slightly defeated appearance. She was somewhat astonished because Will had never been like this. 
He had never revealed his feelings, and his smiling peach-shaped eyes were always filled with affection, which made many girls fall for him uncontrollably. But this made her indescribably conflicted. 
Moreover, she had previously been hurt in love. She may never want to fall in love again for the rest of her life. 
But she had told Will this, again and again, countless times. Even if he wasn't tired of hearing it, she was tired of saying it. 
Upon seeing how Will stared at her, Elisa finally said, "I must emphasize this again. The two of us aren't suitable, and I don't want to face relationships again." 
"I know, Liz. But since you don't want to face it, wouldn't you care about who you're with?" 
Elisa instantly raised her eyes to look at him. 
But at the next moment, she realized something.
Elisa sighed. She couldn't look into the man's eager eyes and softly said, "I want to be alone." 
Will was right. Since she didn't care about relationships, she could be with anyone, but she didn't want to. She felt being alone was better. 
Will sighed softly. "Liz, although I have a lot of time, I'm afraid you'll get fed up with me if this goes on long-term." 
Elisa pursed her lips and finally spoke softly. 
"I don't want to owe you too many favors. Don't make me do that because I'll feel bad." 
What she said had two implied meanings. The first was so that he could stop pursuing her. 
But more importantly, she didn't want Will to make a move and help her so much. Too much was involved behind the scenes. She would feel even more guilty if Will was caught up in the injustice. 
Her father had passed away. She didn't want to involve too many people to take revenge on his behalf. 
Even Charli. She didn't ask Charli to do anything, either. 
She only wanted to investigate by herself and slowly look for a way. 
Will sighed softly and didn't say anything in the end. 
Because he knew now that if he said anything, she would get fed up with him. It still… wasn't the right time yet. 
Before this, he felt he had a lot of time and could take his time. 
But… since he was deep in love, he thought of how they could be together.
And not… 
Waste time away like this. 
The two were silent. 
Elisa finished her food and put down her utensils. 
Will did the same. 
Elisa didn't plan on saying anything else. There was nothing to say. 
At that moment, Will wasn't hurrying to leave, but his cell phone suddenly rang. 
Elisa didn't say a word. She got up and started clearing the table. 
Will answered the call. 
"What's up?" His voice was magnetic, but Cole could still tell Will was slightly unhappy. 
He could only speak carefully. "Mr. Darcey, someone is breaching the company's confidential information. They've reached the third level." 
Will's eyes suddenly narrowed, and he stayed quiet. 
He knew that since Cole was telling him about it, it sufficed to say that the technical department couldn't deal with it.
###chapter1006
Chapter 1006
Chapter 1006 It’s Nothing 
"We don't know who it is yet. The other party is ruthless. Mr. Darcey… this…" 
He had a slightly embarrassed tone but only called Will because he had no other way. 
Will's expression was slightly dark, and he immediately said, "I'm coming to the office now." 
After that, he hung up. 
Upon seeing Elisa still cleaning, Will thought about it and said softly, "Help me out, Liz." 
Liz turned to look at him. "Tell me about it." 
Will had done many things for her. She would naturally help if she could. 
Will said, "Someone is breaching the company's confidential information, and we can't find the source for now. Work with me." 
"Alright. I'll come with you." 
Elisa changed her clothes hurriedly and left together with Will. 
Will drove quickly and wasn't inferior to Elisa, Gareth, and Vincent's racing skills. 
They arrived at the office shortly. The technical department was astonished when they saw Will and Elisa together. 
They weren't surprised that Elisa was there, but rather… 
They were surprised that Mr. Darcey trusted this woman and would let her help.
"We don't know who it is yet. The other party is ruthless. Mr. Darcey… this…" 
On the way, Elisa had also thought about it. He… actually had the nerve to ask her to help. She could quickly look at his company's classified information if she worked on writing a defensive program with him. 
Isn't Will worried that I will have such crooked thoughts? 
A few people stood up and greeted Will in unison. He nodded indifferently, and his expression was calm. "Which level have they breached now?" 
"The seventh." 
Will glanced at Elisa. "I'll send you the program. Take a look." 
"Alright." 
The two immediately walked to the computer, and Will quickly tapped on the keyboard. At that moment, his handsome face was slightly cold, and everyone in the technical department didn't dare to breathe. 
Elisa and Will didn't say anything. They looked at the screen before them seriously. 
Cole stood behind Will and Elisa and watched as they quickly wrote line after line of code. In an instant, amazement flickered across his eyes. 
Although… 
He knew that Elisa had excellent skills and was known globally. 
But…
From how he saw it, it was because Mr. Darcey didn't reveal too much. If he did, Elisa and the others wouldn't be able to keep up. 
Now, Cole watched the two of them write the program. Elisa wasn't left behind and was on par with Mr. Darcey. The two made quick progress and really had a rapport. Cole was dumbstruck. 
Someone was actually on an equal level with Mr. Darcey! 
Cole stood at one side and didn't say a word. 
When they were halfway through writing the program, Will said in a low voice, "Immediately investigate the other party's traces." 
"Yes." Someone answered. They stopped what they were currently doing. 
They could investigate while the other party was attacking. 
Will and Elisa quickly finished writing a program to stop the other party, but it wasn't replaced immediately. 
Will turned to look at her. "Thank you for your help." 
Elisa shook her head. "It's nothing." 
The two didn't stop. Will wasn't thanking her for what she had done but for what she continued to do as she helped investigate.
###chapter1007
Chapter 1007
Chapter 1007 Ms. Benett Has Been Divorced 
After that, the two started to tap away on the keyboard again. 
This time, they weren't writing out program code but looking for the person attacking instead. 
Elisa kept a calm expression. Since Will wanted her to help, she would. 
But… 
She didn't feel that it was a familiar situation. 
Although Gareth's side had been breached previously, she didn't feel Will's current position was similar. 
However… 
After the two investigated for half an hour, Elisa's expression darkened. 
And her gaze became icy. 
After a moment, the two stopped. Everyone looked in Will and Elisa's direction with doubtful gazes. 
Because… 
This wasn't as simple as they had thought. 
They could also see that Will and Elisa couldn't find traces of the other party. The defensive program had been successful this time, and the other party couldn't attack anymore. 
Nonetheless. 
They couldn't find traces of the other party, which annoyed them.
After half an hour, the other party couldn't crack the code and withdrew. 
At the same time, they couldn't find the other party's weak point, so it could only be considered… a tie. 
"So what if she's divorced? The current society is open-minded. It's different when men and women are in love with each other. Moreover, look at how Mr. Darcey doesn't care. He's been pursuing Ms. Benett diligently." 
"That's true. As long as he's happy." 
Everyone kept talking and felt that Elisa was lucky. She was divorced, but someone like Mr. Darcey loved her so much and was willing to pursue her. 
But… 
Some felt that Elisa didn't appreciate his kindness. Such an outstanding person like Mr. Darcey pursued her, but she didn't accept him. Was she being pretentious? 
As everyone was discussing, Will and Elisa left the office and got into the car. 
Elisa put on the safety belt as Will turned to look at her. "Are you feeling tired?" 
Elisa shook her head. "I was just tapping on the keyboard. It wasn't that bad." 
Will's lips twitched, and he didn't say anything. 
However, Elisa's gaze was intertwined with coldness, as if feeling confused. 
Will noticed it and gazed at her. "What's wrong?"
###chapter1008
Chapter 1008
Chapter 1008 Will Doesn’t Want You to Go Down! 
Elisa thought about it and said in a low voice, "Such a situation also happened at Gareth's office previously." 
Will narrowed his eyes and turned to look at her. He knew she wanted to go on. 
Elisa pondered and could only continue. "I'm unsure about the specifics because they didn't find the culprit behind the scenes. But after analyzing both situations, I suspect it's done by the same group of people." 
She paused and continued. "Their style of handling things, their way of cracking the code, and the process of battling us are the same as the person who breached Wickam Group's confidential information." 
Will's lips curved slightly. "It seems like they want to ravage everything." 
Elisa didn't say anything, and she pondered. 
Will started the engine and didn't say anything. 
The car was quiet. 
Elisa said calmly, "If this person is still scheming against you behind the scenes, call me any time." 
Actually, there was something she hadn't said. 
This person… was the same one who looked for Linda behind the scenes. 
Although it was just a feeling… Elisa didn't think she was wrong. 
Perhaps more could be traced from this.
Will raised his brows but didn't turn down her offer. "Alright." 
He liked being in contact with her. Furthermore, he had never felt with anyone else the rapport he had with her when they were writing the program today. 
Elisa didn't say anything else. She leaned back in the passenger seat and shut her eyes. 
Will knew she was slightly tired, so he didn't talk to her. 
They arrived at the entrance of Elisa's villa shortly. 
Will stopped his car but didn't intend to wake her. Elisa wasn't asleep. She opened her eyes slowly. 
Upon seeing they had arrived at her destination, she said softly, "You should go home earlier." 
In other words, she didn't plan on asking him to stay. 
Will raised his brows, and his voice was gentle. "Sleep early." 
Elisa nodded and got out of the car. 
But as soon as she did, she saw a black Rolls-Royce parked in front. The car plate was so familiar she furrowed her brows subconsciously. She didn't say anything and turned to walk inside. 
Will had seen the car earlier but didn't seem to care. 
After Elisa exited the vehicle, he wasn't in a hurry to leave. In fact, he got out and walked in with her. 
Elisa's expression froze slightly. She turned to look at him with a confused gaze. 
Will smiled. "Are you sure you don't want me to stay? Otherwise, you have to face him alone."
Elisa wrinkled her brows tightly. "I won't let him in." 
Will raised his brows and didn't feel embarrassed about being chased away. Instead, he said casually, "Let's just say we're here to chat. Since the same group of people moved against both of us, I have to speak to Mr. Wickam." 
Elisa furrowed her brows and didn't say anything. She made her way inside. 
There were people in both the driver's and passenger's seats. 
Vincent saw Gareth's dark expression and immediately said in a flabbergasted manner. "You're still not taking the initiative? He's pursuing her at her house. Let's go in as well!" 
It was as though Gareth's expression had turned darker. 
But Vincent said, baffled, "Since the car is parked here, they can see the car plate number and know you're here. If you don't get out, wouldn't you have come for nothing?! Will doesn't want you to go down!"
###chapter1009
Chapter 1009
Chapter 1009 No Fear 
Upon seeing Gareth's face darken, Vincent immediately said, "Hurry up and get out of the car!" 
Vincent got out of the car as he said it. He saw that Will and Elisa hadn't gone in all the way and said, "Ah, what a coincidence. What a surprise to see you here, Mr. Darcey." 
Will's footsteps paused slightly, and he turned to look at the bearer of those words before raising his brows. "You're here too, Mr. Shane." 
Too. 
What a subtle use of the word. 
It was evident that Will saw Gareth but didn't plan on greeting him. Will was walking in with Elisa and ignoring Gareth completely, just as Elisa had done. 
Vincent's car door had yet to close, and Gareth naturally heard it clearly. His sharp gaze swept to the other side, and he exited the car the next moment. 
He didn't say anything as his long legs made their way to the garden of Elisa's villa. 
Vincent laughed. "That's right. I came here with my good friend to visit Elisa." 
He feared that Gareth would continue to stay silent, so he said it aloud for Elisa's sake. 
Will raised his eyes. He smiled and didn't say anything, while Elisa had no intention of paying them any attention. She opened the door of her villa. 
Vincent hurriedly looked at Gareth and spoke in a voice only the two could hear, "Let's go in too."
Gareth didn't say anything and let Vincent pull him in. 
At that moment, there were suddenly four people in the spacious living room. Elisa looked at the three men with different expressions and furrowed her brows slightly. Finally, she said, "Have a seat." 
As she spoke, she went to her refrigerator and took out fruit juice and red wine to entertain them. 
Vincent opened the bottle of red wine quickly and glanced at Gareth and Will casually. "Both of you have to drive, right? I'll kindly accept this alone then." 
Will raised his brows and didn't seem to mind. 
Gareth simply stayed quiet. 
Meanwhile, Vincent started enjoying the red wine alone. 
Elisa didn't say anything. Although she wanted to leave, she felt it wasn't nice to do so. She could only sit on the couch and pick up her cell phone. Since Will had said he wanted to talk about it, he could start. Right now, she didn't want to say anything. Neither did she want to reveal that this had something to do with the person who had harmed her. 
Vincent hurriedly looked at Gareth and spoke in a voice only the two could hear, "Let's go in too." 
After that, Will said indifferently, "Mr. Wickam, an incident happened at Darcey Group today. Someone breached some of our confidential information." 
Gareth suddenly raised his eyes to look at Will and said nothing. Meanwhile, Vincent had just taken a sip of the red wine. Before complimenting its taste, he suddenly heard what Will had said and immediately looked at Will. He asked, baffled, "You don't think this has something to do with Wickam Group, do you?"
"Of course not." Will smiled with a relaxed expression. 
Vincent nodded. "That's good." 
Although he seemed to get along with Will, Vincent was Gareth's good friend. He would naturally speak up for Gareth. 
Gareth looked at Will coldly and said nothing while waiting for Will to go on. 
As Gareth had expected, Will said, "It just so happened that Liz was here today. She helped me and told me about what happened to you the other day." 
Vincent and Gareth's cold gazes fell on Elisa simultaneously. 
But Elisa had no fear. She continued fiddling with her cell phone as if she hadn't heard what they said.
###chapter1010
Chapter 1010
Chapter 1010 I Said It’s Only a Guess 
Vincent furrowed his brows slightly. In any case, Elisa should have some principles even if she and Gareth aren't on good terms. This involves Gareth's privacy, so how can she tell Will about it? After all, Gareth and Will have always been archenemies. There's no way they can actually be harmonious! 
But she's fascinating. She actually told Will about it?! 
Vincent had a terrible expression at that moment, and traces of displeasure were intertwined in his gaze. 
But at the next moment, he felt something wasn't right. Elisa isn't such a person. Don't tell me Will is driving a wedge between them! 
When Vincent thought about it, his gaze fell on Will, and he stared at Will. 
Meanwhile, Will stared at Gareth. He saw that Gareth had returned to normal and stopped looking at Elisa. He smiled and continued, "Liz means it should be the same group of people from how they breached our confidential information." 
Vincent's gaze immediately turned cold. "The same group of people?!" 
He looked at Elisa as if waiting to seek confirmation from her. 
They didn't trust Will fully and trusted Elisa more. 
Elisa stopped refreshing Twitter to glance at Vincent. "This is my guess. I'm not sure." 
She didn't look at Gareth, and her gaze didn't meet his icy one. 
The corners of Will's lips twitched. He looked at Gareth's icy gaze and said casually, "Why don't we work together this time?"
Gareth's gaze fell on Will, and his voice was apathetic. "How would you like to work together, Mr. Darcey?" 
"We can't find the other party's identity for now, and they want to devour both our companies. How can there be outside attacks on us?" 
Vincent's brows furrowed, and he didn't say anything. 
He didn't intend to interfere in such matters. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly. On the way home just now, she looked like she was resting, but her thoughts had never stopped. She was thinking about the person's motive. The person wanted to kill me and destroy Wickam Group and Darcey Group. How ambitious is this person? 
This person is determined to wipe out two big companies, but why do they want to kill me? Why did they even have to make use of Linda to make a move against me? 
She thought about it the whole way back but couldn't understand it. 
Elisa stopped refreshing Twitter to glance at Vincent. "This is my guess. I'm not sure." 
Gareth didn't answer Will directly. On the contrary, his gaze fell on Elisa. "What are you thinking about?" 
Elisa suddenly came to her senses and looked at Gareth subconsciously. She happened to see his pitch- black eyes looking at her. 
Elisa paused and said softly, "I'm thinking about this person's final goal." 
Vincent sneered. "Their final goal is more money. Otherwise, why would they devour Wickam Group and Darcey Group?"
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly, but she didn't say anything. 
Gareth furrowed his brows and stared at her. 
Even Will noticed something wrong. He looked at Elisa and sized up her gorgeous face. 
Vincent felt something wasn't right and also looked at Elisa. He asked hesitantly, "Is there something you're not saying?" 
"No," Elisa answered bluntly. 
But Vincent felt like something was fishy. He sized her up and said, "You have a guilty conscience. Is there something you're not telling us?"
###chapter1011
Chapter 1011
Chapter 1011 A Great Show 
Will and Gareth gazed at Elisa, but Elisa did not intend to explain. 
Frowning, Vincent spoke up after a while. "We have the same enemy now. Why don't you tell us what's on your mind?" 
Elisa was not interested in entertaining Vincent, so she answered indifferently out of courtesy, "Nothing is confirmed now. I don't want my speculation to interrupt your plan. I'll inform you when the matter is confirmed." 
Gareth and Will remained silent while Vincent clammed up too. There was nothing else they could say given the situation. 
Elisa looked at the three men standing silently and asked, "Aren't you guys leaving?" 
Perceiving that Elisa was chasing them away, they stared at her with different emotions. 
Vincent's laughter broke the silence. Are you kidding me? How can we leave when Will is still here? Gareth is missing some of his buttons and can't let go of his ego. He's going to lose his wife! No way we can leave Elisa alone with Will! 
Vincent teased with a grin, "The night is still young. You'll be bored if we leave!" 
Before Elisa could respond, Vincent averted his gaze to Will and wore a half-smile. "Mr. Darcey, it's getting late now. I hear you haven't been leading a healthy lifestyle routine. Why don't you head back to rest first?" 
Both Gareth and Elisa were rendered speechless.
Elisa darted a glance at Vincent, who behaved casually as if he was at home. She narrowed her eyes and said, "What about this – you guys stay here and continue your discussion. I'll go upstairs to rest first." 
With that, Elisa stood up and went upstairs, leaving the three men in the living room. 
If Rachel had been there, she would have laughed and gloated over the men. Now that Elisa had left, the scene became awkward with the three men. If Vincent had feelings for Elisa, too, that would be a great show! 
However, the three men did not intend to leave even after Elisa excused herself. They only retracted their gaze from Elisa after watching her go upstairs and disappear from their site. 
Vincent teased with a grin, "The night is still young. You'll be bored if we leave!" 
Vincent nonchalantly poured himself a glass of red wine. 
"Elisa's wine is excellent. Would you both like to have some too? Or shall I get the drivers?" 
Gareth's expression turned cold while Will narrowed his eyes and uttered calmly. "It's a good time to talk business today. Mr. Wickam, are you interested in looking for the mastermind with me?" 
Gareth hummed emotionlessly, "Sure." 
Vincent arched his brows. I can't believe these love rivals can talk business in such a calm manner! 
He sat silently and sipped the wine while listening to Gareth and Will's discussion. He was not bothered by their tense relationship or interested in their business talk. Around ten minutes later, the conversation ended. 
Finally, Will and Gareth decided not to continue wasting time there. Gareth made a call to Elisa.
###chapter1012
Chapter 1012
Chapter 1012 Shut Up or Get Out of the Car 
Elisa knew they would not leave immediately, so she did not rest or shower. When she saw Gareth's incoming call, she hesitated momentarily before picking it up. 
Gareth's cold voice came forth from the other end. "We're leaving now. Stay safe." 
Elisa's eyes flickered as she hummed, "Okay." She gave a short and precise answer before Gareth hung up. 
Vincent sighed in exasperation. When can this dude develop his EQ? He should've said something more! Will is here too. Can't he pretend to care about Elisa? Now that Will perceives his attitude, he might be more passionate about courting Elisa! What a dumb guy! 
However, Vincent could only control his emotions in the presence of Will. He grinned at Will and said, "Shall we go, Mr. Darcey?" 
Curling his lips, Will did not answer and left, but Vincent caught Will staring intensely at Gareth. 
Damn it! Will must be up to no good! Ugh! Gareth, why can't you be more sensible? 
With that, the three men left the building. Will got into his car and left first. 
Vincent looked sulky, sitting in the passenger seat. Gareth frowned and stared at him. "What's wrong with you?" 
"What's wrong with me?" Vincent pointed at his nose and rebuked Gareth in resignation. "I should ask you that. I can't believe you mug Elisa off under that situation just now! How could you directly hang up the call in front of Will? Is your brain even functioning properly? For God's sake!"
Gareth's face darkened as he glared fiercely at Vincent. Not only was Vincent not intimidated, but he even glowered at Gareth. "Why are you glaring at me? Did I say anything wrong? What would Will think after seeing your attitude toward Elisa? You're putting yourself at a disadvantage!" 
Gareth's expression turned even more sullen. "Can you shut up already?" 
Then, he started the car engine and sped away, causing Vincent to be thrown forward. 
"What the hell!" Vincent cursed. 
Vincent looked sulky, sitting in the passenger seat. Gareth frowned and stared at him. "What's wrong with you?" 
He was resigned at Gareth's attitude but worried about him at the same time. 
He exhorted him earnestly, "You should be true to your heart. You already fell in love with Elisa. Why won't you ask her to stay? All you care about is your ego. Do you know what the consequence will be if this continues?" 
Gareth's face was as dark as coal. "Get out of the car if you won't clam up!" 
"I'm f*cking caring for you!" Vincent was extremely frustrated and was on the edge of giving up on Gareth. After all that he said, Gareth would not listen to him, so he lost his patience. 
Leaning against the seat, he closed his eyes to calm down. 
After trying to keep his cool for a while, he couldn't help blurting, "I've never seen someone as weird as you!" 
'Screech'
Gareth hit the brake abruptly, followed by Vincent staring at him. 
"Get out of the car!" Gareth's frigid voice emerged.
###chapter1013
Chapter 1013
"I'm not getting out!" Vincent sat stubbornly in his seat and had no intention of unfastening his seatbelt. 
Frustration flashed through Gareth's eyes. Finally, he blurted indifferently, "Call Jeremy." 
Staring at Gareth, Vincent said nothing and called Jeremy. 
"Why is it at this hour?" 
"What else can it be? Come and drink at the old place." 
Vincent's tone sounded normal, but Jeremy noticed the tinge of annoyance in his voice, so he thought something had happened between him and Rachel. 
He did not ask much but agreed. "Okay, I'll come now." 
"See you." 
When Vincent hung up, Gareth was already driving toward the bar they used to hang out at. 
Half an hour later, the three men drank in the private room. 
Jeremy was clueless about what happened, but he observed the sullen expression of Vincent and Gareth. "Did something happen between you and Rachel?" He asked. 
Vincent answered sulkily, "It has nothing to do with Rachel. It's Gareth." "I'm not getting out!" Vincent sot stubbornly in his seot ond hod no intention of unfostening his seotbelt. 
Frustrotion floshed through Goreth's eyes. Finolly, he blurted indifferently, "Coll Jeremy." 
Storing ot Goreth, Vincent soid nothing ond colled Jeremy. 
"Why is it ot this hour?" 
"Whot else con it be? Come ond drink ot the old ploce." 
Vincent's tone sounded normol, but Jeremy noticed the tinge of onnoyonce in his voice, so he thought something hod hoppened between him ond Rochel. 
He did not osk much but ogreed. "Okoy, I'll come now." 
"See you." 
When Vincent hung up, Goreth wos olreody driving toword the bor they used to hong out ot. 
Holf on hour loter, the three men dronk in the privote room. 
Jeremy wos clueless obout whot hoppened, but he observed the sullen expression of Vincent ond Goreth. "Did something hoppen between you ond Rochel?" He osked. 
Vincent onswered sulkily, "It hos nothing to do with Rochel. It's Goreth." "I'm not getting out!" Vincent sat stubbornly in his seat and had no intention of unfastening his seatbelt. 
Jeremy looked at Gareth, who was drinking in his world, looking cold and hostile. He turned back to
Vincent and asked, "What happened?" 
Vincent could hardly contain himself and babbled on about the incident. He did not exaggerate the situation but ranted about Gareth's dumbness. 
Gareth's face clouded over, but he did not stop Vincent. 
Jeremy's eyes briefly shimmered with a complicated expression crossing his face. He sighed and looked at Gareth. Perceiving the latter was still drinking in vexation, Jeremy commented, "You know she's unsafe and not in a good state, so you went to visit her. This has exposed your intention." 
Gareth furrowed his brows and said nothing, so they could not tell if he was ignoring them or waiting for them to continue. 
Vincent did not chime in but poured a glass of wine for himself. They were close friends, so he was exasperated to see Gareth take no action after the woman he liked. 
He was dismayed because he knew things could become complicated if Gareth missed his chance. 
Suddenly, Gareth croaked, "Say no more. Let's drink." 
Jeremy stared at Gareth and continued, "Do you actually know what you want? It's not a matter of whether Elisa is suitable for you. She's a human. If you don't like her, you should let her off. You're aware of the truth – you've mistaken her before this. Everything was part of Linda's scheme. Elisa is innocent." 
Gareth frowned and darted a displeased glance at Jeremy. 
Vincent smirked. Serves you right! You ought to be taught a lesson! 
Jeremy was unconcerned about Gareth's feelings. "If you don't like her, let go of her and let Will pursue her. Besides, you guys have divorced and are no longer related to each other. Elisa is a clever woman. She knows how to make the best decision for herself. So why do you have to meddle with her affair?"
###chapter1014
Chapter 1014
Vincent was amused. "Jeremy's right! Since you don't intend to pursue Elisa, you should let go of her and leave her alone." 
Gareth tightened his grip on the wine glass while Jeremy added, "I could tell Elisa devoted her heart to you back then when you were married, but you ignored her for three years and even took care of another woman at that time. It is a miracle that someone as arrogant as Elisa would put up with you for three years." 
Gareth's expression turned frigid, but Jeremy continued fearlessly, "At last, she left after being hurt severely. You caused three years of bitter memories for her, yet you're giving her the cold shoulder now. Do you think she would still be with you? You should be thankful that she did not come after you." 
Vincent snorted. "Exactly! And you even hung up the call arrogantly after finishing speaking. That's not gentlemanly at all. What's worse – Will was there too. Now that he knows the interaction between you and Elisa, he can gain the upper hand! You're such a fool!" He raised his voice toward the end as he was disappointed in Gareth. Vincent wos omused. "Jeremy's right! Since you don't intend to pursue Eliso, you should let go of her ond leove her olone." 
Goreth tightened his grip on the wine gloss while Jeremy odded, "I could tell Eliso devoted her heort to you bock then when you were morried, but you ignored her for three yeors ond even took core of onother womon ot thot time. It is o mirocle thot someone os orrogont os Eliso would put up with you for three yeors." 
Goreth's expression turned frigid, but Jeremy continued feorlessly, "At lost, she left ofter being hurt severely. You coused three yeors of bitter memories for her, yet you're giving her the cold shoulder
now. Do you think she would still be with you? You should be thonkful thot she did not come ofter you." 
Vincent snorted. "Exoctly! And you even hung up the coll orrogontly ofter finishing speoking. Thot's not gentlemonly ot oll. Whot's worse – Will wos there too. Now thot he knows the interoction between you ond Eliso, he con goin the upper hond! You're such o fool!" He roised his voice toword the end os he wos disoppointed in Goreth. Vincent was amused. "Jeremy's right! Since you don't intend to pursue Elisa, you should let go of her and leave her alone." 
Pressing his lips, Gareth then chugged his glass of wine. 
Vincent filled his glass again and sighed in desperation. "If you really like her, go ahead and pursue her. If this continues, I'm worried you'll regret it. If Elisa ends up choosing Will and spends the rest of her life with him, can you accept this result?" 
Gareth snorted. "You should know my situation. There's nothing I can't accept." 
There was a change in Vincent's expression as he uttered concernedly, "Things will work out as long as you cooperate! You shouldn't give up!" 
Jeremy agreed. "Yeah, you should protect yourself. You can succeed as long as you cooperate with me." 
Gareth did not answer but wanted to continue drinking. Vincent snatched the glass from his hand and blurted, "Forget about it. Stop drinking already. I'm still worried even with him around." He regretted reprimanding Gareth just now. He did not want him to miss Elisa. 
At that moment, Vincent and Jeremy fell into silence. 
Gareth said, "I'm still handling some matters and can afford to be arrogant. You guys worried too much." 
Then, he took a glass again, but Vincent swiftly grabbed all the glasses and said, "Come on, stop drinking already. If you don't want to force yourself on Elisa's matter, I'll help you. Since you can't let go of your ego, I'll do you a favor!" 
Jeremy nodded. "Yeah, we can help you. But I hope you understand that if you miss what you have been yearning for the most, you might regret it for a lifetime, which is truly depressing…" 
Gareth wore a faint smile that was not tinged with sarcasm or hostility. 
Vincent and Jeremy were startled for a second while Gareth turned slowly to look at Vincent and asked indifferently, "You think I'm a fool, but what about you? You have feelings for Rachel, don't you?"
###chapter1015
Chapter 1015
Vincent was stunned, caught off guard by Gareth's question. 
The next second, he frowned and said, "I'm different from you. You and Elisa are meant for each other. You lost her because you didn't cherish her in the past, but you still can win her back." 
Jeremy was rendered speechless, while Gareth did not intend to bicker with Vincent. 
… 
As time passed, Linda still could not get in touch with the mysterious person. Because she contacted the person too frequently, the person had lost her patience and refused to answer Linda's calls anymore. Linda was frustrated but could not do anything about it. 
Rose and Norman were sulky too. They disagreed with Linda telling the mysterious person about the matter, but Linda was their only daughter, and they could not bear to be mad at her. 
They dared not comment when they saw Linda on the edge of losing her senses. 
Vincent wos stunned, cought off guord by Goreth's question. 
The next second, he frowned ond soid, "I'm different from you. You ond Eliso ore meont for eoch other. You lost her becouse you didn't cherish her in the post, but you still con win her bock." 
Jeremy wos rendered speechless, while Goreth did not intend to bicker with Vincent. 
…
As time possed, Lindo still could not get in touch with the mysterious person. Becouse she contocted the person too frequently, the person hod lost her potience ond refused to onswer Lindo's colls onymore. Lindo wos frustroted but could not do onything obout it. 
Rose ond Normon were sulky too. They disogreed with Lindo telling the mysterious person obout the motter, but Lindo wos their only doughter, ond they could not beor to be mod ot her. 
They dored not comment when they sow Lindo on the edge of losing her senses. Vincent was stunned, caught off guard by Gareth's question. 
Previously, Linda pretended to have gone crazy in the psychiatric hospital. But now, she might truly turn insane if Rose and Norman did not calm her down. Nonetheless, they did not know what to say to her. 
Linda's rage could not be fully vented. She babbled in a panic, "What should we do? We're summoned to the second trial tomorrow. Once judgment is made, no one can help us. What should we do?!" 
Her voice was cracking as she was fearful and helpless. 
Tears welled up in Rose's eyes when she saw Linda in this state. She had a last resort, but it… 
At that thought, tears streamed down her cheeks. She quickly turned her face away, so Linda would not notice it. However, she had overthought – Linda was on the verge of breaking down and could not bother to notice Rose's emotion. 
With a solemn look, Norman sighed and said, "We'll cross the bridge when we come to it. What will happen next is unknown." 
Linda looked at Norman in disbelief. "We're already in this state, Dad. How are we going to cross the bridge? I'm almost breaking down! Who knows what other schemes Elisa has, yet we don't even have the power to retaliate. We could only defend ourselves desperately and refuse to admit the charges. But what should we do if Elisa's evidence was legitimate?!" 
Norman's face darkened. "Calm down first. We'll talk about it tomorrow." 
Linda was exasperated and speechless as she did not expect Norman to say that. 
"You…" Words stuck at her throat. 
Norman sighed. "Linda, none of us wish something like this to happen. But you should know that sometimes…" He paused and could not continue the sentence while Rose wiped away her tears and took a deep breath.
###chapter1016
Chapter 1016
"Rest early, Linda. You should stay back tomorrow. Your dad and I will handle the matter." 
Norman darted a glance at Rose with complicated emotions. His heart was wrenched, but he could not express it in front of Linda. 
Linda had a bad hunch too. She gazed at Rose and noticed her red-rimmed eyes. "What are you going to do? What's in your mind?!" She immediately asked. 
Knowing they might be making one last shot, Linda was a bundle of nerves. But at the same time, she was at the end of her wits. 
Norman did not answer Linda but said, "Go ahead to rest and stop throwing a tantrum. We should learn our lesson from this incident and make a comeback in the future." 
With that, he had no intention of speaking to Linda anymore. Although Rose was distressed and wanted to stay with her daughter, she was worried she would lose control of her emotions, so she left with Norman. 
Linda sensed something was off as an unpleasant premonition accentuated in her. She sprang up and went after her parents. "Wait a minute! What exactly are you guys going to do?" 
"Rest eorly, Lindo. You should stoy bock tomorrow. Your dod ond I will hondle the motter." 
Normon dorted o glonce ot Rose with complicoted emotions. His heort wos wrenched, but he could not express it in front of Lindo. 
Lindo hod o bod hunch too. She gozed ot Rose ond noticed her red-rimmed eyes. "Whot ore you going
to do? Whot's in your mind?!" She immediotely osked. 
Knowing they might be moking one lost shot, Lindo wos o bundle of nerves. But ot the some time, she wos ot the end of her wits. 
Normon did not onswer Lindo but soid, "Go oheod to rest ond stop throwing o tontrum. We should leorn our lesson from this incident ond moke o comebock in the future." 
With thot, he hod no intention of speoking to Lindo onymore. Although Rose wos distressed ond wonted to stoy with her doughter, she wos worried she would lose control of her emotions, so she left with Normon. 
Lindo sensed something wos off os on unpleosont premonition occentuoted in her. She sprong up ond went ofter her porents. "Woit o minute! Whot exoctly ore you guys going to do?" "Rest early, Linda. You should stay back tomorrow. Your dad and I will handle the matter." 
Rose's body froze, but she forced a smile and turned back. "Don't overthink. We're going to gather more evidence to defend ourselves and can't stay by your side now. Be good, alright?" 
The last few words were Rose's final exhortation toward Linda. 
Suspicion crossed Linda's mind. She sensed something was fishy but could not think of a possible explanation and could only watch the couple return to their room. 
The ashen-faced Linda was so helpless that she took out her phone and wanted to call the mysterious person again, but the latter still did not answer. 
Exasperated, she smashed her phone on the floor. She had given up on reaching out to the mysterious person. Liars! All of you are liars! You helped me when I was useful to you. But now that I'm useless, you abandon me like a tool! 
Suddenly, her phone rang. Linda quickly picked up her phone to see an incoming call from the mysterious person. She immediately answered the call and blurted anxiously, "You finally called me!" 
"I know what you've been up to the past few days, but it's too late now, and I can do nothing. I can only help you drag on one last time tomorrow." 
"What do you mean?" Linda was flustered. 
"Don't you know what is about to happen yet?" The girl-like voice was tinged with surprise. 
Linda was confused even more as her heart pounded heavily. The appalling intuition became more intense. What on earth is going to happen that I'm not aware of? Why do I have such a nasty feeling? Dad and Mom are behaving weirdly. Even what this mysterious person said is strange. 
She tightened her grip on the phone and asked again, "What do you mean? Is there something that I'm unaware of?" 
She dared not heave a breath, worrying she would miss the mysterious person's answer.
###chapter1017
Chapter 1017
CHAPTER 1017 THEY’RE THE SAME MATTER! 
The person paused briefly before answering, "You'll know tomorrow. Don't worry. I won't leave you to perish. You're useful to me." 
The voice was tinged with impatience, but the person did not hang up immediately like before. 
Noticing that, Linda quickly asked, "Is there something you need me to do? I'm begging you – can you please tell me what's going on?" 
She suspected that the abnormal behaviors of her parents and the mysterious person were related to the same matter, yet she was completely clueless! 
The person uttered calmly, "If we fail this time, I'll have to get you a new identity more prominent than your current one, so you can act more proficiently. Are you ready for that?" 
There was a sudden change in Linda's expression. No! I don't want to become someone else! I'm Linda; I just want to be myself! 
Nonetheless, she dared not retort to the person or express her feelings. She feared the person would completely abandon her or even sabotage her tomorrow if she refused to obey. 
She inhaled deeply and asked, "What identity will you give me?" 
"You'll know later. Just be prepared." With that, the person ended the call. 
Linda's expression turned ghastly, but there was nothing she could do. Out of desperation, she secretly crept to her parent's room, hoping to eavesdrop on their conversation. Little did she know that Norman and Rose had left the house. 
Rose's face was as pale as a sheet as she sat in the car. Norman wore a sullen look too. He turned to stare at Rose with his eyes filled with remorse. "Dear, I've let you down…" 
Rose shook her head with a smile. "It's okay. Given the current situation, the best solution is for me to go. The family needs you. You used to be reckless; please control yourself when I'm not around. Linda is not doing well emotionally too. Please keep an eye on her and don't let her stick to her old ways. Keep a low profile during this period. We can think of a way in the future." 
Tears streamed down Norman's face. "I'm such a useless man. How can I let my wife become the scapegoat… Dear, I've let you down…" 
Rose started sobbing uncontrollably too. Shaking her head, she hugged Norman and sighed, "Please don't say that. This is not the end. I'm just doing so to buy us more time. There are still chances. You must control yourself and Linda. Be patient and do not easily trust others. We will think of a way to make a comeback." 
The sorrow in Norman's eyes became more intense. "If I had known this would happen, I shouldn't have laid a finger on Nelson. Then, we wouldn't have lost everything…" 
After that, Norman was at a loss for words and could only weep remorsefully in silence. 
Rose's voice was cracking. "We reap what we sow, but it's too late to regret it now. We've belittled Elisa. Little did we expect she would cause such big chaos."
###chapter1018
Chapter 1018
CHAPTER 1018 A GREAT FAVOR 
Rose sighed and continued, "No one expects this to happen. We have to brace ourselves and believe things will get better!" 
Norman heaved a sigh but could not find words as he was overwhelmed with emotions. 
Rose took a deep breath. "What has happened has happened. All we can do is face reality. Honey, do what you need to do moving forward. Since I can't be with you from now on, please hire someone to take care of your daily living." 
Norman nodded in despair. "Don't worry about us. I'm more worried about you. I'm useless… It's all my fault!" 
Rose struggled to contain her tears in Norman's arms. 
"I'm sorry, Rose. I've failed you terribly. Don't worry. I'll think of a way to rescue you. I won't let you suffer in prison. I won't allow you to die!" 
Rose nodded. "Yeah, I know… But most importantly, please take good care of our daughter and not let others bully her. Try to calm her down as much as possible. Her current situation is unpleasant. I'm worried she would be more extreme when I'm not around." 
"I know… I know…" Norman's voice was trembling as he struggled for words. 
"Elisa Benett! I'll tear the b*tch into pieces one day!" Rose lost her cool and cursed through gritted
teeth. 
"Yes. The day will come!" Norman hissed. 
Meanwhile, the person whom they hated to the core was not resting at home but was in a private room of a luxurious bar. 
Brandon initiated a meetup with Elisa, so Elisa agreed readily. 
At that moment, the two were sitting across from each other. 
Brandon's expression was calm, with a tinge of frustration. Elisa knew he was not in a good mood, but in the current situation, he had no choice but to come clean. 
Elisa stared at him with a faint smile. "I thought you'll never want to see me again." 
Brandon curled his lips in sarcasm. "You pushed things this far to force me out, didn't you?" 
Elisa did not bother to answer his question but asked, "After I got married, you spent more time with my father than me. So, you should know more and have investigated more thoroughly. Is there any other information you can provide?" 
Brandon cast an indifferent glance at Elisa before taking a document out from his black bag. He placed the document on the table and pushed it toward Elisa. 
"Take a look at this first." 
Elisa opened the file and was startled when she saw the content. "These pictures…" 
Brandon uttered calmly. "This is the evidence you're looking for. You might have discovered other evidence, so I might not be of much help." 
Elisa smiled. "This is sufficient and is of great help. Thank you." 
The information Brandon provided was extremely confidential, so even Elisa and Charli did not discover it. As such, Brandon had done her a great favor.
###chapter1019
Chapter 1019
CHAPTER 1019 IT IS RELATED TO LIFE AND DEATH! 
Brandon bit his lip. He intended to stop her, but she wouldn't back down now. His only choice was to help her unconditionally. 
He didn't say a word as Elisa stared at him. "I don't want you to be part of this case anymore. Thank you for helping me, but I can handle the rest. Let's not keep in touch for the time being." 
Elisa wanted to know about the secrets he kept, but now more enemies were involved, and she didn't want any innocent people to be involved in this case. 
Brandon looked at her coldly. "I was never interested in your case. Just leave." 
Brandon was tired of caring for Elisa. 
Elisa stared at the person in front of her. She stayed silent, but she knew what he was thinking. 
In the end, she apologized again and left. 
Brandon looked on as she left. When she closed the doors, he took out a cigarette and lit it up. 
Soon, the smoke he exhaled masked his attractive facial features and eyes filled with mixed emotions. 
… 
The next day. 
It is finally the day of the second trial. 
People were slowly entering the courtroom. When the judge arrived, everyone in the courtroom stood up, facing the judge. 
Norman remained at the seat of the defendant. He had a solemn expression and didn't seem as calm as the first trial. 
Rose and Linda were also there in the courtroom. Rose looked paler compared to the first trial. When she noticed her daughter, she immediately said worriedly, "Why are you here? " 
Linda looked grim. "How can I not be present when things have gotten this serious? At the very least, I must know the outcome to deal with it later." 
After all, it is related to life and death! 
If he had to go to jail for life… 
Linda feared thinking of what might happen. 
Recalling the look on her parents' faces yesterday, she couldn't help but feel anxious. 
However, she didn't know what she could do to prove her parents' innocence. 
Rose sighed helplessly. Her precious daughter was already here, and it didn't make sense to make her leave. Besides, she would have to face the consequences eventually. 
In the end, Rose just kept quiet, and everyone in the courtroom started taking their seats after the judge. 
Elisa didn't say a word. Norman also stayed quiet. 
The judge started to speak, "Based on the investigation, the prosecutor had provided verified proof to show that the defendant and his family had murdered the victim deliberately for his money. According to the National Criminal Code Section 232, 'whoever is guilty of murder in the first degree shall be sentenced to death, life imprisonment or imprisonment for a term of ten years and more; whoever is guilty of murder in the second degree will be sentenced to imprisonment for a term between three to ten years.'" 
The judge fell silent for a while after addressing the criminal code. 
At this moment, the faces of Norman and his family had turned extremely pale. 
Rose was trembling nervously. She tried her best to regain her composure by taking a deep breath. Last night, someone gave her a call. She could recognize the familiar voice of a young girl. She suspected the person sitting behind Linda was the girl who called her and suggested the idea. 
Elisa sat still, waiting for the judge to make the final announcement. 
Just then, the judge started speaking again. 
"Based on the offenses committed by the defendant and verified evidence presented by the prosecutor, the defendant will be sentenced to death."
###chapter1020
Chapter 1020
CHAPTER 1020 YOUR HONOR, WE 
'Boom!' 
The announcement came like a bolt of thunder! The color drained from Linda's face and left her in shock! 
How could this be?! 
How could the death sentence be given so quickly?! 
Murder offenses could be sentenced to life imprisonment or even ten years imprisonment. Why is my father given the death sentence? She refused to submit to such absurdity! 
However, Rose had already broken her silence before Linda could say anything. "Your Honor, we ." 
The law is fair and just. An ion could be raised for further resolution, and even the defendant had the right to appeal to the court. Hence, when Rose raised her ion in court, no one criticized her. Everyone in the courtroom focused on Rose, who stood up slowly from her seat. 
"What is your ion?" The judge asked calmly. 
Rose hurriedly explained to the judge, "This has nothing to do with my husband. I'm the one behind this murder." 
Everyone was stunned. 
Are these two fighting to take the blame? 
Everyone was surprised by this sudden confession but felt that it was normal. Maybe the married couple had a deep affection for one another or discussed it beforehand. Nevertheless, the woman should go in while the man takes on important businesses without being locked inside the four walls. 
Linda initially thought there was still hope, but she didn't expect her mother to plead guilty in place of her father. 
Her face turned paler than before, and her tears were flowing uncontrollably. 
From where Elisa was sitting, although she couldn't see Linda's tears, she could see Linda's anxious and miserable expression. 
She sneered at the sight. What was the point of crying over spilled milk? She knew that Norman's family would find ways to reduce the sentence. They would rather be given life imprisonment rather than a death sentence for a chance to make a comeback. 
Anyhow, she wasn't worried at all. Whether it was a life imprisonment or a ten-year imprisonment, she won't be out soon. Brandon had given her the most helpful trump card. 
She didn't want them to be defeated so easily as her revenge would lose meaning. She would feel satisfied only when she had witnessed them in actual agony! 
Linda kept shaking her head, but she couldn't utter one word. What could she have done in this
situation? 
Rose glanced at Linda and gave her a warm smile. As she lifted her hands to caress her daughter's face, she wiped off the tear that rolled down her cheek. 
And slowly, she mouthed her words, "I'm sorry." 
In an instant, Linda burst into tears! 
Mom… 
That was her mom… 
Did this mean that her mom would die? Would her mom be sentenced to death?! 
Right then, she felt her heart torn into a million pieces but didn't know what to do. Why? Why did this happen? Everything was fine. She was a profoundly respected young lady from an affluent family, her mother was fawned over by the socialites, and her father was also exceptionally well-known. But now, they were caught in this mess… 
Argh!!! 
She could not accept this!! 
She didn't want her mother to die…! 
While Linda was preoccupied with her anxious thoughts, Rose explained to the judge, "This has
nothing to do with my husband. I was the one who prepared the food for my brother-in-law when we were all living under the same roof. However, I would like to clarify two points for this case." 
The judge nodded his head, signaling her to continue. 
Linda was able to calm her restless heart momentarily as she noticed the steady composure of her mother, who was even ready to make two clarifications… Does this mean that the sentence could be reduced?
###chapter1021
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1021
Chapter 10211 Have Evidence 
Linda had never gasped this intensely before. She even held onto her breath to avoid 
missing out on her mother’s words. 
Rose held a mic so everyone could hear what she was saying. 
“Firstly, my brother-in-law always had poor health, which can be verified through the 
hospital’s medical records. I prepared one copy, especially for today. Please take a 
look.” 
After revealing this, Rose opened her bag and took out a pile of medical records to 
show everyone in the courtroom. 
The judicial assistant came over to receive the medical records and handed them to 
the judge. 
As the judge looked through the medical records, Rose said, “His health was declining 
as the days passed, and he didn’t have much time to live. He was in unbearable pain 
daily, so he asked us to help him end this suffering. That was the reason I started to 
tamper with the dishes. Everything happened within his awareness.” 
Elisa’s face darkened, but she knew it wasn’t the time to interrupt.
The revelation took everyone aback while Rose continued to speak. “We used this 
medication because he would not feel the pain after taking it. I tried to advise him that 
this medication would have detrimental side effects. Still, he insisted that living a 
normal life without pain was better than suffering in agony and troubling others. I can 
present the evidence.” 
As she was speaking, Rose took out a recorder. 
Linda’s eyes gleamed with hope. Even though she knew her mother had to be 
imprisoned one way or another, the evidence meant she would be free from the death 
sentence. A reduced sentence was also a good thing! 
Soon after, Rose played the recording in front of everyone. 
“Nelson, at this rate, your body will not be able to handle it…” Rose’s voice was filled 
with concern. She stayed quiet for a while before she continued to speak. 
“If Elisa knows about your condition, she will be heartbroken. You have to get through 
this no matter what.” 
Nelson smiled, “Rose, I know you are concerned for me, but you can’t let Elisa know 
about this now. Wait until I pass on, then you can share the truth with her. This way, 
she won’t dwell in sadness for too long.”
Elisa’s whole body trembled, and her eyes looked confused as she sat at the plaintiff’s 
table. 
She knew this recording must have been real, but she was sure that Rose had 
purposely trimmed the recording and only presented ambiguous parts of the 
conversation that aligned with what she had shared. 
My dad isn’t the type to escape the pain by taking his own life!He gave his final 
message in the recording because he knew he did not have much time left! 
Elisa felt her chest tighten but tried to stay composed and control her emotions. 
The recording was still playing when Rose started speaking with her hypocritical tone, 
“But Elisa…” 
“Rose, I understand you and my brother are sad to let me go, but I’m doing 
comparatively well as I no longer suffer in pain. I only have one final request. Please 
help me care for Elisa so she still has a family to rely on.” 
“I will, but your health…” Rose sighed. “Ah, I can only fulfill your wishes. I will care for 
Elisa like she is my daughter.” “Thank you, Rose. Thank you.” Nelson was genuinely 
grateful, but Elisa felt sorrow as she listened to the recording.
###chapter1022
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1022
Chapter 1022 A Reduced Sentence That Gained Many Sympathies 
Elisa wasn’t the only one feeling miserable. Charli and Rachel were also about to 
explode at this point! 
In particular, Rachel couldn’t control her frustration and yelled, “B*llshit! What kind of 
nonsense is this? Does she not have any shame spurting such absurdity? She has 
been targeting Elisa all these years, trying to take over her position. Even the 
recording is a one-sided account. How dare she use that as evidence!’” 
Charli held onto her hand. “Calm down a little.” She immediately advised Rachel when 
she noticed that her voice might be too loud. 
Rachel also realized she had lost her composure, so she slowly calmed her emotions 
by taking a deep breath. 
But she couldn’t resist her urge to cuss them out! 
F*ck Norman Benett! F*ck Rose Meek! F*ck Linda Benett! 
The recording stopped, and Rose had a devastated look on her face, “I didn’t expect 
things to turn out this way. Elisa misunderstands me, but I will have to share the truth 
eventually. I admit I was the one who caused the death of my brother-in-law, and I feel
sorry for him and Elisa. I’m willing to be punished by the law.” 
Rose’s face was filled with anguish. “I know I am to be blamed, but I, too, have a 
family and a daughter. If I died, my family would be devastated. I don’t want my 
daughter to lose her mother at a young age.” 
Elisa breathed in deeply and looked away from the hypocritical act of Rose before 
exhaling deeply. 
What a joke! She didn’t want Linda to lose her mother at a young age but was willing 
to let me lose my father at a young age. 
Elisa’s eyes turned emotionless. She planned to mess around with them for a while, 
but now she only wanted this to end as soon as possible. She was determined to 
make Rose’s whole family experience deep misery. 
She wanted them to feel how death could be their best relief. 
“Mom…” Linda immediately hugged Rose and sobbed in despair. 
As the mic was in Rose’s hand and Linda was sitting by her side, her heart-wrenching 
call for her mother must have pierced through the ears of many mothers and swayed 
the hearts of the women in the courtroom. They seemed to have sympathized with 
Linda.
They didn’t know the truth and only relied on what they perceived on the surface level 
to make sense of the situation. 
Rose sniffed as she patted Linda’s back, “Don’t cry. Mom still has one more point to 
share.” 
Linda rubbed her nose and sat back down. She stared at the ground, trembling. 
Everyone could tell that she was sad. 
Rose wiped away her tears and said, “As for my second point, I want to proclaim my 
involvement in charity all these years. This is the list of charities I have contributed to, 
and I hope it can reduce my sentences. Over the past few years, I have donated over 
a hundred thousand. Despite my limited ability, I contributed significantly using our 
family’s savings.” 
Norman’s family would never have been involved in charity. Linda’s assistant must 
have managed these various projects.More than a hundred thousand in donation is 
indeed advantageous. Not to mention her self-directed scheme at the beginning, her 
sentence will surely be reduced. 
The situation changed in an instant.
The despicable crime deserving of a death sentence had changed into a reduced 
sentence that gained many sympathies. 
There was no need to explain how grim Rachel looked! 
“How is this possible? How did she have so much money? Didn’t 
Norman find Elisa to…”
###chapter1023
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1023
Chapter 1023 Where Did the Money Come From?! 
She didn’t finish her sentence, but Charli understood what she wanted to say. 
Norman just spent three hundred thousand to have Elisa break into Benett 
Corporation’s classified system. They had never donated a single cent! 
But now! 
Where did the money come from? 
Rachel was in disbelief at the current situation. 
Rose took a deep breath before voicing out again, “That’s all I want to say.” 
After she spoke, the courtroom went silent. 
The judge looked through the materials while everyone waited for the final decision. 
The judge spoke with a deep tone, “Based on the newest claims made by Mrs. 
Benett, it is necessary to go through further investigations. As for the distribution of 
shares, the court decided that all shares held by Mr. Norman Benett are to be returned 
to Ms. Iris Benett. Moreover, all profits in the past few years shall be returned at once, 
totaling up to 250 thousand, and a total share of 40%.” 
Norman’s face turned pale as he sat at the defendant’s table. Despite everything, it
was a great relief that he was free from the death sentence. 
He didn’t say a single word and took a deep breath. 
“F*ck!” Rachel could not resist her outrage. She turned around and looked at Rose 
with her eyes infuriated with anger. “This woman has so many petty tricks up her 
sleeves!!! I cannot stand this anymore! It’s unbelievable how she could play such a 
hypocritical act based on morality and get away from the death sentence!!” 
Charli hurriedly held on to Rachel. “Please calm yourself down.” 
Sheena was sitting behind her as she whispered, “Rachel, don’t cause trouble for 
Elisa here.” 
Carle didn’t say anything, but his eyes stared in agreement. 
Carle and Sheena were sitting together. Carle had already told her they should stay 
as friends. Despite her interest in Carle, Sheena could only suppress her feelings for 
him deeply in her heart. She believed that their current state was already good 
enough. 
Just then, she looked at Rachel, who couldn’t control her emotions, and said, “No 
matter what you do, there will be no changes to the verdict. Whether they are 
sentenced to death or not will not make any difference. Elisa must have a trump card
to turn everything around, don’t be too worked up now.” 
“I understand.” Rachel took a deep breath again and finally calmed down. 
Vincent was sitting nearby. He glanced at Rachel and sneered, “Watch your attitude.” 
Rachel knew where Vincent sat and coincidentally saw him as she turned around. 
Hearing these words from his mouth, she couldn’t help but lose her temper, “Bastard, 
who do you think you are!!” 
She didn’t dare to speak too loudly as the trial was still ongoing. 
Her voice was soft the whole time to avoid disturbing the courtroom. 
Vincent turned around as he sneered, ignoring her remarks. 
Rachel was furious. 
She clenched her teeth but couldn’t let out her anger freely. 
Bastard, wait until she gets out of here!! 
“Defendant, do you have any ion?” 
Norman looked as if he had aged a few years. All his effort to get hold of the shares 
had gone to waste when Elisa retaliated. Now it had left him in utter disgrace! 
Even with Rose’s rhetoric in the courtroom, they were of no use to him anymore. His
disguise for many years had been thoroughly disclosed to everyone. 
Elisa was to be blamed for it all! 
Norman’s lawyer didn’t dare to say a word. He just looked at Norman as if he was 
waiting for his order.
###chapter1024
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1024
Chapter 1024 I Won’t Back Down 
Norman breathed in deeply. He controlled his emotions and slowly opened his mouth 
to say, “I have no ion.” 
The judge nodded and faintly announced, “Dismiss.” 
He got up and left the courtroom. Soon after, the crowd started to disperse slowly. 
As for Rose, now that she was a suspect, she was to be taken into custody. 
There were already people approaching Rose, ready to handcuff her. 
Linda’s tears started to fall uncontrollably, “Mom…” 
Rose held onto Linda before they came to her. “Linda, I did not get the death 
sentence, so don’t worry. Mom will be fine. It’s just that I can’t be by your side during 
this period of time. You have a hot temper and tend to be impatient, so make sure you 
talk with your dad when you contact the person in the future. Find me if you can’t 
resolve it on your own. We can discuss it together. You mustn’t act recklessly on your 
own, do you understand?” 
Linda cried as she nodded, but she was still reluctant to let anyone take Rose away. 
Who knows how she will be convicted? A deliberate act of murder will be sentenced to
three years at minimum…/ 
She felt very anxious at this moment. 
“I’m fine. Considering all my contributions to charity and your uncle’s verbal request to 
help end his life, everything is justifiable. Don’t worry. Mom will be alright.” 
Linda cried harder. Rose started speaking again, “After this, your dad will have a few 
people to contact the judge. They were also involved in many charities following my 
lead. These factors can help reduce the sentences. All you have to do is control your 
emotions and don’t fall into the trap of the person at the back and Elisa. Mom only has 
one precious daughter. You have to take care, okay?” 
Linda sobbed uncontrollably. Right then, she wasn’t sure of what to do. She could only 
nod her head as she listened, but she was still very reluctant to let her mom go. 
Linda held on tightly to Rose’s hand and wasn’t willing to loosen her hand. However, 
the people who had to take Rose away were nearing them. They took out the cuffs 
and waited for Rose to extend both her hands. 
“Mom.” Linda’s voice whimpered, but she couldn’t bear to let go of her mother’s 
hands.
Rose’s tears started to fall. “Linda, you have to take care of yourself. Mom has to go 
now, but I will always be here for you. Don’t be afraid, you understand? You have to 
listen to your dad!” Rose reminded her again.
###chapter1025
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1025
Chapter 1025 Maybe Around Three Years 
Norman almost burst into tears but could only nod his head. “Okay,” he managed to 
utter. 
When she walked away with the cops, Rose sniffled but said nothing further. 
“Mom…” 
Behind her, she could still hear her daughter’s heart-wrenching cries, but Rose didn’t 
turn around. If she did, she feared she wouldn’t be able to leave. 
Rose turned away and closed her eyes. She forced back her tears. 
Linda did nothing except watch her mother’s stern demeanor. She started crying once 
again. All of this is because of Elisa! 
All of it was because of that despicable human! 
Elisa took her time leaving. She did nothing except observe the scene in front of her. 
The group approached her, including Rachel. When Rachel could no longer remain 
silent, she spoke up. 
“Benett, what should we do now?” 
Elisa withdrew her gaze. “Let’s first head outside,” she said.
Rachel nodded and didn’t say anything else. 
Elisa scoffed as she examined Norman, overwhelmed with sorrow and remorse. 
She didn’t respond and avoided giving Norman and Linda another glance. She turned 
around and left. 
Naturally, Rachel followed, and so did the others. 
Norman walked up to Linda and saw her eyes start to turn teary. He sighed and pulled 
her into his arms. 
“Linda, let’s go home,” Norman said. 
“Home…” Linda said those words dejectedly as if she were wondering what home 
there was without her mother. 
Even if her father was still present, she didn’t know what to do because her heart felt 
unsettled. 
“Let’s go home,” Norman repeated with another sigh. 
Linda sniffled and became silent. She followed behind Norman. 
She experienced utter misery since she was so miserable on her journey home. She 
completely lost control when she arrived at her house and began speaking without
thinking, “Elisa! I shall eventually murder her with my own hands! She will plead for 
mercy! I’ll make her suffer!” 
Norman heard Elisa’s name and gnashed his teeth. He agreed and cried, “That’s right! 
One day! We’ll personally kill that despicable woman!” 
Linda suddenly lacked the energy to continue the conversation. She couldn’t help but 
cry whenever she thought of her mother’s predicament. She paused for a second and 
then turned to face her father.
###chapter1026
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1026
Chapter 1026 Great Ambition 
While Rachel’s voice was rife with rage, she felt helpless to act against Rose. After 
taking a moment to compose her thoughts, she spoke up, “And this whole thing 
involved the three of them! Now not only do Norman and Linda get away scot-free, but 
Rose is planning to escape punishment!” 
Sheena gritted her teeth, “I didn’t expect it to turn out like this. Elisa… what do you 
plan on doing?” 
Elisa was not allowed to speak as the small group conversed back and forth. Now that 
Sheena had asked, they all looked at her as she drove the car. 
Elisa pulled at her lips and then replied, “It’s fine. It’s better like this. I don’t want Rose 
to die suddenly. How would that bring me any closure?” 
Rachel: “” 
Sheena’s eyes flickered, “Are you saying that… this is what you want? Do you have 
another plan?” 
Elisa replied with a hum, “Hmm.” 
Carle was surprised. He repeated, “Do you have another plan?”
Elisa bit her lip and answered, “I’ve received new evidence recently. I won’t interfere 
with how the court decides from now on, nor will I have any ions. They’ll get 
what’s coming to them in the end.” 
Rachel was ecstatic. She said excitedly, “Wow! Really? Come on, tell us!” 
Sheena was silent as well. She kept her eyes fixed on Elisa. They all prayed that Elisa 
could exact the justice the Benett family had denied them. Regrettably, they were 
unable to take any action. If not, they would have personally given Elisa control over 
the Benetts and allowed her to do as she liked. 
They couldn’t hold back their rage as they talked about it. Rachel clenched her hands. 
“D*mn it, one day! I need to exact revenge to gain justice!” 
Elisa couldn’t help but chuckle. “I don’t plan to wait too long, but I’ll stay low for a few 
more days. Let’s wait for the third trial to end and let Rose suffer more.” 
“Huh? What are you going to do?” Sheena looked puzzled. 
Rachel yelled, “Come on, just tell us! I’m dying of impatience!” 
“This isn’t the place to talk. We’ll talk when we get to my place,” Elisa said as she 
focused on driving. Rachel understood, and the group became silent.
… 
Since Elisa’s proposal was discussed with Rachel, Sheena, and Carle, two more days 
passed. Although everyone kept silent, their eagerness was evident. They were all 
anticipating the day Elisa would act. They were relieved to consider what was ahead. 
Norman’s shares had all been returned to him by Elisa, and because he could not pay 
his debts, Norman and Linda continued to work for the firm as regular workers. They 
transitioned from influential stockholders to average employees who barely made a 
few thousand a month. Though dumbfounded, they insisted on staying with the 
business for now. They still had grand ambitions.
###chapter1027
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1027
Chapter 1027 Satisfying Everyone 
They were defeated, but they still wanted to retake the business. 
As for Linda, she had been in a panic state. Although she and her mother had fought 
recently and didn’t want to see her face, the separation from her mother for the 
previous two days had left her feeling incredibly anxious. Her heart was racing faster 
than before. 
… 
Back at the Benett Group. 
Conference room. 
Elisa sat in the center of the room and watched the shareholders assemble for the 
meeting. 
This was their initial gathering since Norman’s expulsion as a shareholder. 
Nobody in the Norman group was as lofty as they had been earlier. After all, they were 
the ones who had been ultimately defeated, and their commander had been removed. 
They not only lost face, but their power was severely restrained as well. Everyone’s 
pride was not in the best shape, but Mr. Markee was in a terrific mood. He had a large
smile on his face. 
Elisa avoided the apathetic and bitter members of the Benett faction and instead said 
gently, “Everyone is aware of the reason I convened today’s meeting, I believe. In the 
future, Benett won’t hold the post of chairman. I trust certain members would change 
their mindset and quit making difficulties. Otherwise, you already know what will 
happen if you irritate me.” 
In the past, Elisa would not have behaved so arrogantly. Nonetheless, some people 
required intimidation to realize the consequences of insubordination. Elisa’s 
statements unintentionally jolted other people with alternative notions and immediately 
considered her many guises. 
Elisa had tortured everyone, including the three members of the Benett family. Elisa 
would capture and hold them in place if they had committed an act that could be 
identified. They dared not think any further. 
Mr. Markee grinned and quickly looked at everyone in the room before turning to 
Elisa. “Elisa, you don’t have to worry about these things. Everyone here understands. 
Otherwise, how could they become shareholders of our group?”
He paused momentarily and looked at the others, “Everyone will take a measure of 
the situation, right?” Mr. Markee smiled. 
Jessie smiled back and replied, “Of course.”
###chapter1028
No Chance Of Remarriage: Get Lost Chapter 1028
Chapter 1028 But He Was Not There 
“Our corporation has not been doing well. My father and all of you had put in blood, 
sweat, and tears to establish this business. I’m sure everyone feels discouraged by 
the current situation. Now, we must pull together to bring the corporation to greater 
heights. I have several ideas for projects that we can have. The profits from the 
projects can be compared with Wickam Group, and I’m willing to share them with all of 
you according to the shares you hold. All I hope is that everyone will cooperate. I don’t 
want this corporation to be disgraced, and much less want my father to see the 
situation here.” 
Everyone was stirred up by her words! 
Any bad impression they had of her disappeared at once. 
Why would they not be happy if they had projects comparable to the collaboration with 
Wickam Group? Besides, they would get such a large amount of profit! 
Elisa held the position of chairperson. Making empty promises was out of the 
question, as it would only decrease her credibility. Besides, she had divided the profits 
from the design project among them impartially. Those that had a problem with her no
longer opposed her. Who would disagree with money on the table? 
Besides, all of them felt Elisa’s misery when she spoke. After all, her father had 
worked hard to build the business. Yet, Norman made plenty of useless decisions that 
resulted in the corporation’s decline when he took over. None of them wanted to see 
such results. 
Now, Elisa was willing to revive the spirits of the corporation. They were all a part of 
the corporation. Even if they occasionally had devious thoughts, they put a lot of effort 
into their work. All the shareholders gathered in the place were competent people. 
They also hoped that their efforts would bring good results! 
At this moment, they began hoping. 
They hoped that Elisa would lead the corporation to become even better. 
“Naturally, we will listen to your orders. Elisa, you’re free to do whatever you want! 
We’ll back you up,” James said firmly. The usual tender smile was nowhere to be 
seen. At that moment, he was speaking to her as a shareholder. At the same while, he 
showed that he was on her side. 
Jessie naturally followed suit and nodded. “That’s right. We will follow the chairman’s
decisions and hope the corporation will flourish.” 
As the two of them spoke, the others agreed. Elisa nodded and looked at them 
solemnly. “I will. I don’t make empty promises.” 
She watched as they nodded and added, “We will go ahead with the collaboration with 
the jewelry company. Let’s get down to business.” 
All of them straightened themselves. Everyone had hoped for a collaboration with 
Rene Caovilla but did not have the means. They looked forward to it now that Rene 
was their chairman and began discussions. 
Norman would never have imagined that the shareholders, who were loyal to him, 
were currently discussing the subsequent profits with Elisa. 
Norman was the last thing on their minds. 
On the other hand, the abandoned man was sitting in his office. His assistant told him 
that Elisa was holding a shareholder meeting without him.
###chapter1029
Chapter 1029
CHAPTER 1029 I’LL GO TONIGHT! 
Norman sucked in a deep breath and suppressed his emotions. The next moment, his phone rang. 
He looked down at the screen and frowned. Looking around the room subconsciously, he remembered that he was alone. He hesitated before answering the call. 
"What are you up to?" The coquettish voice on the other end of the call sounded slightly annoyed. 
Norman furrowed his eyebrows. "Why are you calling me at this time?" 
"Hmph!" She began saying in an upset tone, "I miss you. You don't come to find me these days, and it's been a while since we met. Do you not miss our daughter? Sweetheart, come here. Daddy's calling." 
"Huh? Is Daddy here to see me? Where's daddy?!" Norman's heart melted at the sound of the child's sweet voice. 
The next moment, the child's animated voice became louder. "Daddy!" 
"Yes, my sweetheart. I'm here." His voice was much gentle than the voice filled with alarm and annoyance from before. 
"Daddy, you're so busy! When will you come to see me? Mindy misses Daddy a lot!" Norman sucked in a deep breath and suppressed his emotions. The next moment, his phone rang. Norman suckad in a daap braath and supprassad his amotions. Tha naxt momant, his phona rang. 
Ha lookad down at tha scraan and frownad. Looking around tha room subconsciously, ha ramambarad that ha was alona. Ha hasitatad bafora answaring tha call. 
"What ara you up to?" Tha coquattish voica on tha othar and of tha call soundad slightly annoyad. 
Norman furrowad his ayabrows. "Why ara you calling ma at this tima?" 
"Hmph!" Sha bagan saying in an upsat tona, "I miss you. You don't coma to find ma thasa days, and it's baan a whila sinca wa mat. Do you not miss our daughtar? Swaathaart, coma hara. Daddy's calling." 
"Huh? Is Daddy hara to saa ma? Whara's daddy?!" Norman's haart maltad at tha sound of tha child's swaat voica. 
Tha naxt momant, tha child's animatad voica bacama loudar. "Daddy!" 
"Yas, my swaathaart. I'm hara." His voica was much gantla than tha voica fillad with alarm and annoyanca from bafora. 
"Daddy, you'ra so busy! Whan will you coma to saa ma? Mindy missas Daddy a lot!" 
"Good Mindy. Daddy's busy these two days. I'll see you when I have time, alright? Can you wait for Daddy for a few more days?" Norman's voice seemed to be gentler than earlier. Even his eyes were filled with longing. 
Linda would be shocked to the core if she were there. She would never imagine that her father would have an affair. 
Her parents seemed to be a loving couple in their daily lives. Their relationship was intimate. 
Yet… 
Yet her father had a lover and even a daughter from an affair! 
Norman hid the affair well. No one else knew about it. 
"No… Daddy, come see me today. You didn't keep your promise last time. Daddy, Mommy, and I miss you so much… Waah…" 
The child began crying. 
Norman's heart stung at once! 
Although he wanted a son, his daughter was well-behaved since young. Her adorable act to get her way was charming. Norman particularly loved her. As he heard her cry, he did not think much and quickly calmed her down. "Alright, alright. Tonight! I'll see you two tonight." 
The woman cracked a smile and said in a gentle voice, "That's right. I may not be your legal wife, but I gave you a daughter." 
"I know, I know. A lot of things happened recently. It's not like you're unaware of it." 
Although many things had happened, his mistress did not think of running away. He was touched by the fact. 
"Alright then. I'll cook something up for dinner. You'll stay here tonight, right?" 
"…I will." He replied after hesitating. Linda would be left alone at home again tonight. 
When it was almost the end of work hours, Norman called Linda, telling her he would not be home as he had matters to attend to. 
Linda did not react much as she responded weakly, and the call ended. 
The sky began to darken. 
Norman finished dinner with his mistress and daughter. He accompanied his daughter as they played with a balloon.
###chapter1030
Chapter 1030
CHAPTER 1030 GOSSIP 
The little girl exclaimed, "Daddy, let's go out and play! The balloons can only fly so high in the house, but I want them to fly higher!" 
"A double-story house isn't high enough for you, my dear? The balloons might fly away if you want them to fly any higher," Norman replied with a weak yet doting smile. 
This villa was the only property that Norman had left, but it belonged to his mistress, Hilary Turner. At this moment, he was grateful that he had bought her a villa; otherwise, Elisa would have taken it away. 
As Hilary looked at Norman's worried expression, she caressed her daughter's cheek. She said, "Okay, Daddy has already played with you for so long. You should go back to your room and take a bath. We'll talk again later." 
Mindy pouted and whined, "But Daddy just came. I want to play with Daddy!!" 
Hearing his daughter's request to play, Norman couldn't resist but embrace her, "We will play. Daddy will certainly play with you. But let's not go out. We can play at home." 
"No... Daddy, I want to play outside," the little girl didn't understand Norman's predicament and only wanted to play with her father. 
The little girl exclaimed, "Daddy, let's go out and play! The balloons can only fly so high in the house, but I want them to fly higher!" Tha littla girl axclaimad, "Daddy, lat's go out and play! Tha balloons can only fly so high in tha housa, but I want tham to fly highar!" 
"A doubla-story housa isn't high anough for you, my daar? Tha balloons might fly away if you want tham to fly any highar," Norman rapliad with a waak yat doting smila. 
This villa was tha only proparty that Norman had laft, but it balongad to his mistrass, Hilary Turnar. At this momant, ha was grataful that ha had bought har a villa; otharwisa, Elisa would hava takan it away. 
As Hilary lookad at Norman's worriad axprassion, sha carassad har daughtar's chaak. Sha said, "Okay, Daddy has alraady playad with you for so long. You should go back to your room and taka a bath. Wa'll talk again latar." 
Mindy poutad and whinad, "But Daddy just cama. I want to play with Daddy!!" 
Haaring his daughtar's raquast to play, Norman couldn't rasist but ambraca har, "Wa will play. Daddy will cartainly play with you. But lat's not go out. Wa can play at homa." 
"No... Daddy, I want to play outsida," tha littla girl didn't undarstand Norman's pradicamant and only wantad to play with har fathar. 
However, given his current circumstances, Norman could not expose too much, especially not letting anyone know about his other family. He deliberately warned Mindy sternly, "Daddy won't take you out to play if you misbehave like this." 
Mindy was on the verge of tears upon hearing this. 
But Norman pretended not to notice and told Hilary, "Look how you've spoiled our child. I won't come again if she continues to misbehave like this." 
Knowing that Norman's words were meant to appease their daughter and understanding his difficult situation, Hilary quickly interjected, "I'm sorry. It's my fault. It's been a while since you came; please don't be angry with our daughter." 
Turning to Mindy, she added, "Are you going to keep whining? Your dad will leave if you keep acting up like this!" 
Startled, Mindy immediately shook her head and said, "I will stop crying. Daddy, please don't leave... We play with the balloons at home." 
Norman's heart ached for his daughter, but he couldn't do anything given his current predicament. He held Mindy and reassured her, "If you're a good girl, Daddy will come and see you more often." 
Mindy's face brightened as she nodded, "Mmm, Daddy… Please come and see Mindy more often. Mindy misses you so much." 
Sitting beside Norman, Hilary looked conflicted but didn't say a word. 
As a young single woman, at just under thirty years old, she ended up with Norman for his money to sustain her destitute family. Norman was drawn to her because of her youth and beauty. He had supported her over the years by providing for her, buying her a villa, and even ensuring her parents were well cared for. 
And, her life was satisfactorily secured. 
But now, Hilary's attitude towards the situation had shifted after her parents constantly spurred about the predicament at Norman's company and his demotion to an ordinary employee to her.
###chapter1031
Chapter 1031
CHAPTER 1031 EXTRAORDINARY BEAUTY 
Two days had passed. 
Elisa invited Will to a lunch meeting to finalize the cooperation proposal with the Darcey Group. 
They met in a private room, just as they always had. 
Elisa had only made a phone call to Will, and the latter accepted her invitation in a heartbeat. 
They were sitting face to face at this moment, and Will was beaming with pleasure. 
He stared at the woman and was in awe of her ethereal beauty. 
He couldn't help but let out a sigh. 
Elisa looked up at him, puzzled, "What's wrong? Is there any problem with the proposal?" 
"Of course not. I trust your capability and know you'd not fail me." 
Elisa raised an eyebrow, "Then why did you suddenly sigh?" 
Will pulled his lips together and shook his head, seeming helpless, "I was just languishing if a woman as brilliant and perfect as you would ever become mine." 
Elisa lowered her head and continued eating without saying a word. But Will didn't give up, "Or, to put it
another way, I hope to be your boyfriend." 
Elisa still didn't want to respond to his gibberish. She paused and then looked at the man still staring at her. Her lips twitched as she said, "Is it so difficult for you to eat quietly?" Two days had passed. 
Elisa invited Will to a lunch meeting to finalize the cooperation proposal with the Darcey Group. Two days had passad. 
Elisa invitad Will to a lunch maating to finaliza tha cooparation proposal with tha Darcay Group. 
Thay mat in a privata room, just as thay always had. 
Elisa had only mada a phona call to Will, and tha lattar accaptad har invitation in a haartbaat. 
Thay wara sitting faca to faca at this momant, and Will was baaming with plaasura. 
Ha starad at tha woman and was in awa of har atharaal baauty. 
Ha couldn't halp but lat out a sigh. 
Elisa lookad up at him, puzzlad, "What's wrong? Is thara any problam with tha proposal?" 
"Of coursa not. I trust your capability and know you'd not fail ma." 
Elisa raisad an ayabrow, "Than why did you suddanly sigh?" 
Will pullad his lips togathar and shook his haad, saaming halplass, "I was just languishing if a woman as brilliant and parfact as you would avar bacoma mina." 
Elisa lowarad har haad and continuad aating without saying a word. But Will didn't giva up, "Or, to put it anothar way, I hopa to ba your boyfriand." 
Elisa still didn't want to raspond to his gibbarish. Sha pausad and than lookad at tha man still staring at har. Har lips twitchad as sha said, "Is it so difficult for you to aat quiatly?" 
With a click of his tongue and legs crossed, Will tapped on the table with no discernible rhythm. Each beat struck her heart with an unsettling resonance, like a faint buzzing that she couldn't ignore. 
Elisa stopped reaching for the dish and looked up at him as if to convey her discontentment or probably just wanted to glean from his expression. 
Seeing her reaction, Will sighed, stopped tapping, and deftly served her food. Coincidentally, it was a tomato, one of the few foods that Elisa disliked. 
Looking at her slightly wrinkled brows, Will smiled wryly, "I didn't know you're a picky eater too." 
"It's completely normal to be a picky eater," Elisa replied, looking at the tomato on her plate and not wanting to touch it. 
Will spoke again, "Tomatoes are nutritious, and you should eat a balanced meal." 
"Although tomatoes are nutritious, other foods can replace them as well. And I don't lack the nutrition from tomatoes." Elisa said indifferently. 
Will beamed and looked at her, "Looks pretty healthy, doesn't it?" 
Elisa remained silent; she had got used to Will's temperament. When she didn't feel like talking, he wouldn't either. After their meal, Elisa said, "Let's talk about cooperation." 
"It's all up to you. You're the boss." Will lightly prodded his temple with his right index finger. 
Elisa pursed her lips and handed him the contract, "Take a look at it. If everything's okay, you can sign it." 
Normally, a lawyer would be present at a business cooperation meeting like this. But Will didn't bother to hire a lawyer, nor did he bother to glance at the contract before signing it. 
Elisa's eyes flickered, "Aren't you going to read it first?" 
Now that she had signed and stamped it, the indenture was complete, with Will doing the same. But it didn't match his habit of signing a contract without going through it first. 
She stared at him as if giving him one last chance to go through the contract again. If there were any disputes, he could back out of the agreement.
###chapter1032
Chapter 1032
CHAPTER 1032 PRESSURE 
But Will didn't seem to care at all. He smiled and said, "Don't worry, you'll be mine sooner or later. And everything I have will eventually be yours." 
Elisa remained silent. She took one copy of the contract and said to him, "Next time, be more careful. Otherwise, I have a feeling Mr. Darcey will be in for a nasty surprise." 
After speaking, Elisa stood up and got ready to leave. They had settled the contract over lunch, and nothing was left to say. 
Just as she strutted to the door, Will abruptly grabbed her wrist. Elisa tried to pull her hand back, but he held it firmly. 
She looked at him, annoyed. "Let go." 
"What if I refuse?" Will stood up as he spoke. 
Just moments ago, Elisa towered over the man, but as he rose, she suddenly felt his oppressive presence. She took a slight inhale and instinctively stepped back, but Will was closing in on her. 
She furrowed and looked at him incredulously, "What are you doing?" 
But Will didn't seem to care at all. He smiled and said, "Don't worry, you'll be mine sooner or later. And everything I have will eventually be yours." But Will didn't saam to cara at all. Ha smilad and said, "Don't worry, you'll ba mina soonar or latar. And
avarything I hava will avantually ba yours." 
Elisa ramainad silant. Sha took ona copy of tha contract and said to him, "Naxt tima, ba mora caraful. Otharwisa, I hava a faaling Mr. Darcay will ba in for a nasty surprisa." 
Aftar spaaking, Elisa stood up and got raady to laava. Thay had sattlad tha contract ovar lunch, and nothing was laft to say. 
Just as sha struttad to tha door, Will abruptly grabbad har wrist. Elisa triad to pull har hand back, but ha hald it firmly. 
Sha lookad at him, annoyad. "Lat go." 
"What if I rafusa?" Will stood up as ha spoka. 
Just momants ago, Elisa towarad ovar tha man, but as ha rosa, sha suddanly falt his opprassiva prasanca. Sha took a slight inhala and instinctivaly stappad back, but Will was closing in on har. 
Sha furrowad and lookad at him incradulously, "What ara you doing?" 
"Liz, I was just thinking, if I had waited any longer, would I have missed my chance with you?" 
She looked at him in confusion, wondering when he had ever had a chance with her. 
Elisa took two more steps back, trying to struggle free, but paid no heed to her surroundings and found herself backed up against the corner of the wall. 
Will stepped forward with a hand against the wall, overlooking her with a charming smile. 
"Liz, take a good look at me. I'm not any worse than Gareth," he said as he leaned closer. 
His handsome face suddenly loomed in front of her. Elisa took a deep breath, instinctively avoiding his longing gaze, "Snap out of it, Will." 
She lifted her other unrestrained hand as she spoke, but before she could push him away, he had already grabbed her hand. 
Will let out a faint sigh; his eyes showed tenderness and longing as he said powerlessly, "Liz, I know you'll never come to me if I don't make the first move." 
"Well, I can't be bothered even if you made the first move, Will. I never planned to waste my emotions on any man again," Elisa replied. 
She suddenly withdrew her hands and pushed Will away. To her surprise, this time, she succeeded. Unlike Gareth, Will didn't pursue her further. Feeling relieved, she promptly grabbed her bag and exited the room without glancing at Will. 
Will declared in his tender voice, "I won't give up on you, Liz. I am confident; eventually, you'll let me into your heart." 
Elisa gasped as she picked up her pace. She had always known Will had feelings for her, but she didn't bother because she knew he was a person with discretion. But now, his constant pursuit had frightened her. 
She knew that they would cross paths again in future collaborations, but if Will continued to behave like this, she had no choice but to stay away from him. Eventually, Elisa left the room with clarity of mind.
###chapter1033
Chapter 1033
CHAPTER 1033 SMART ENOUGH TO KNOW 
Will left shortly efter Elise. He sew Elise speed ewey in her cer, but he did not hurry to leeve. Suddenly, his phone vibreted, end he enswered it. 
"All set, Mr. Dercey. Whet should we do next?" Cole seid. 
"Hold on first," Will replied. 
"Whet?" Cole wes teken ebeck by Will's sudden chenge of mind. 
"Don't ettempt enything for now," Will hung up, got into his cer, end left. 
... 
On the other hend, the fence-sitters' loyelty to Normen wes now sheken efter his femily's ebdicetion. The rest of the employees were subjugeted to cepitulete to Elise es they reckoned it wes powerless for them to stend up for Nomen end his femily. And everyone wes smert enough to know thet ecceding to Elise wes the wey to go. 
Linde wes young with limited hindsight. Despite being telented, she couldn't metch Elise, who wes in e leegue of her own. The comperison wes like night end dey. The fect thet they were sisters seemed like en insult to Elise. 
Now, the cooperetion between the Dercey end Benett Group hed been leid bere. Will left shortly after Elisa. He saw Elisa speed away in her car, but he did not hurry to leave. Suddenly,
his phone vibrated, and he answered it. 
"All set, Mr. Darcey. What should we do next?" Cole said. 
"Hold on first," Will replied. 
"What?" Cole was taken aback by Will's sudden change of mind. 
"Don't attempt anything for now," Will hung up, got into his car, and left. 
... 
On the other hand, the fence-sitters' loyalty to Norman was now shaken after his family's abdication. The rest of the employees were subjugated to capitulate to Elisa as they reckoned it was powerless for them to stand up for Noman and his family. And everyone was smart enough to know that acceding to Elisa was the way to go. 
Linda was young with limited hindsight. Despite being talented, she couldn't match Elisa, who was in a league of her own. The comparison was like night and day. The fact that they were sisters seemed like an insult to Elisa. 
Now, the cooperation between the Darcey and Benett Group had been laid bare. 
The Darcey and Benett Group and a mysterious figure took their cooperation announcement to Twitter, which once again caused a stir in public. Those who had paid to have their posts trend today were stunned again! 
Twitter had been revolving around Elisa ever since she rose to fame. Countless celebrities were bested by Elisa, and even the most famous movie stars had to give way to her. The fact that she wasn't already an actress left a lot of film directors feeling morose. A good temperament and talented beauty like Elisa should at least possess good-enough acting skills. Even if she was just a bimbo, there wouldn't be any issues if she were herself, as the directors were eager to make a fortune from Elisa's looks and fame! 
But reality proved otherwise, and they were crestfallen! Meanwhile, comments continued to deluge Twitter. 
In the living room of the Wickam Manor, Julia, and Darren sat at the main table, with Gareth sitting across from them and Monica sitting on a small sofa by herself. It was a quiet yet rare family time. 
Julia had been holding her phone. Her serene mood was now tinged with helplessness and remorse as she browsed through the Twitter hot search. She let out a disgruntled sigh. 
Darren was talking to Gareth and was unwittingly interrupted by her sighs. Ignoring her, Darren tried to continue speaking, only to be interrupted by Julia's string of sighs again. He couldn't help but furrow at her and asked, "What's with all these sighs?" 
Julia was already in a bad mood. She put down her phone and replied coldly, "You always regard Liz as a liability and that Linda would add value to the Wickam family. But what happened now? You have driven Liz away, but now she's showing herself as an asset in the marketplace. So, all you can do now is watch how she continues flourishing!" 
Julia was exasperated. This old fart better regret now!!!
###chapter1034
Chapter 1034
CHAPTER 1034 INVOLVING THREE COMPANIES! 
Darren creased his forehead, "Why are you bringing her up again? She doesn't even have mercy on her own uncle. What's there to talk about?" 
"What nonsense! How did her uncle treat her? He killed her father! Shouldn't Liz be allowed to seek revenge? I'm really feeling sorry for what happened to her!" Julia sneered. 
Gareth burrowed and remained silent. 
"Enough! This is over. There's nothing else left to say. Whatever it is, they have already separated." Darren expressed his dissatisfaction towards Elisa. 
Julia sneered coldly, "She wouldn't be interested in you now anyway! Go take a look at Twitter's hot search yourself!" 
Gareth's expression turned cold as he took out his phone to check. 
Darren asked confusedly, "What do you mean by that?" 
Julia showed her Twitter, "See for yourself. Look at the daughter-in-law you once detested is now a successful businesswoman. Not only that, but she's also already been taken by another man!" 
Julia vented her frustration, but at the same time, she was a little worried too. Has Liz been brainwashed by that Darcey family f*ckboy? He is such a womanizer! 
However, she couldn't say that in front of Darren. 
Julia sneered, "This must be Liz's credit. Otherwise, Benett Group should have been shut down by now!" 
Monica sat on the small sofa with an unpleasant expression. She had always despised Liz's submissive attitude, even finding her a little nauseating. But she never expected Liz to become so successful now. There was a hint of regret in Monica's eyes at this moment. 
"Shouldn't we have treated her differently back then?" She murmured. 
Julia was also angry and gave her a helpless look. "You finally regret it now!" 
Monica furrowed her brows and didn't say anything. Darren, on the other hand, gritted his teeth and said, "What's going on? We've tried to contact Rene before, but we've always hit a wall. But how did she choose the Darcey family this time? And even bring in the Benett Group? How could Liz possibly have the ability to make Rene cooperate?" 
Darren took the phone from Julia as he was puzzled by her overreaction. When he saw the Twitter post, his face immediately turned sour. 
"Rene Caovilla!?" 
Rene was a well-known figure with vast interests and influence. Darren naturally knew about her. 
Gareth wasn't looking any happier, either. He quietly read through the Twitter post and comments. 
Then, he put down his phone, exuding a cold aura. 
"How could this be? Why would Rene Caovilla cooperate with the Darcey and the Benett family? And how could it be possible for three companies to be involved in this cooperation?" 
Suddenly, Gareth let out a cold sneer, and the chill in his eyes terrified everyone. Jerry looked at him and asked, "What are you thinking?" 
Everyone followed Jerry's gaze and looked at Gareth. 
"What should I be thinking?" He sneered disdainfully. 
But Jerry was able to glean from Gareth's expression. He froze and said in disbelief, "Don't tell me it's Liz again."
###chapter1035
Chapter 1035
CHAPTER 1035 STOP BEATING AROUND THE BUSH 
On Twitter, there was no indication nor concrete explanation of who Rene was. It only specified that Rene would be collaborating with the Benett and Darcey Group going forward, with the Benett Group being given precedence. 
Everyone could tell the primary and the supporting roles in this cooperation, but Darren was still in denial. 
"Brat! Just speak up! Why won't you say something?!" Darren was conflicted. He couldn't help but yell upon realizing that Gareth had already figured out what was going on. 
Gareth let out a cold sneer, "It's all up in the air. Can't you tell what's happening?" 
Darren furrowed even more profoundly, "Stop beating around the bush!" 
Jerry gazed at Gareth and said, "Are you hinting that Rene Caovilla is related to Liz?" 
Gareth pursed his lips and said in a deep voice, "Besides that, I can't think of anything else." 
"How is that possible?!" Darren was beyond shock. 
After a brief pause, he looked at Gareth, "Are you saying that Elisa and Rene shared an established relationship?" 
Gareth tugged at the corner of his lips, refraining from speaking, but it was evident he wasn't agreeable
to Darren. 
Nonetheless, he was reserved from making comments as he hadn't yet gotten to the bottom of the truth. 
"Will and I have respectively tried to win Rene over for cooperation, but she never agreed. However, right now, she has chosen to partner with the Benett and Darcey Group. So, do you understand what it means now?" 
Darren felt even more desolate now. Rage was flowing in him like molten lava. How did Elisa manage to get ahead and be so successful? She's even trying to sabotage our business! Despicable! 
Moreover... 
Before this, he had coerced Gareth to dump Elisa. It blew Darren's mind that Elisa had turned the tide and become a successful businesswoman! 
Julia coldly snorted, "Feeling bad now? What were you thinking when you chased her out back then?!" 
Darren looked even more gloomy at Julia's detestation, "Why would I feel bad? Elisa was never enough for Garry. It was right to get rid of her. Even if she has become a successful woman, I won't let them get back together. After all, isn't Nicole a better suitor than Elisa?" 
Julia was so furious that she was trembling uncontrollably, "You...!" 
Darren snorted again, "Elisa has left with a wrecked Benett Group, while Nicole is supported by the great Tabor empire, who's qualified to be our equal. Isn't she a better candidate than Elisa?" 
"Better candidate? Do you think Garry would like Nicole?" 
"Marriage is for benefits. As long as a woman can bear children, that's all that matters." Darren said. 
"What utter rubbish! How dare you equate a woman's sole purpose as child bearer?!" Julia fumed, speaking out in anger. 
"So, what you're saying is our marriage built solely on the premise of sustaining your bloodline? In your eyes, a woman is nothing but a child bearer?" 
Darren was taken aback and quickly explained, "I have never thought of you like that! Haven't I proven my loyalty and love for you? I've been patient and understanding with you for all these years." 
"Love me, my ass!!!" Julia gnawed her teeth, cursed, and punched Darren. She screamed at him, "Darren Wickam! You f*cking look down on women! I was blind to have married an old b*stard like you!! You better stay away from women for the rest of your life and rot in your chauvinistic bubble!"
###chapter1036
Chapter 1036
CHAPTER 1036 COMPARISON KILLS 
Darren dared not to speak up as his wife was already enraged. If he spoke again, he would just be inviting more trouble. 
Eventually, Julia gradually calmed down at Darren's ceased fire. But she couldn't help but rebuke him again, "Stop acting tough, Darren Wickam! Everyone knows what's going on!" 
Darren was just about to retort, but he held his tongue when he saw the glistening tears in Julia's eyes. 
Jerry chuckled, "There's no one, but only Mom can deal with your quirk and bad temper, Dad." 
"That's because I'm the one that's always giving in to her," Darren grumbled, still unwilling to back down. 
Gareth sat silently on the sofa. He stared at his phone with a mixed expression as he read the comments. 
Someone wrote, 'Oh my god!! Liz is collaborating with Rene Caovilla! That's so awesome! What sorcery did she use to make this happen?' 
A commenter fuelled the flame, 'Are you kidding me? Haven't you read the Darcey Group is in cooperation too? You must be blind. Obviously, Mr. Darcey wants to pursue her, and that's why he's partnering with her and sharing the profits. Darcey Group is well-established and doesn't bother about these little benefits. He could win that woman's heart with a little favor like this. So, why wouldn't he do it?' 
One said, 'To the ignorant commenter above. Do you even know how difficult it is to work with Rene Caovilla? The Wickam and Darcey Group have been persuading Rene Caovilla to cooperate, but Rene refused both. Now, think again. Do you think Rene finally agreed on this cooperation because of Darcey Group?' 
One of the commenters wrote, 'Who knows, Rene had a change of mind and wanted to work with Darcey Group? What's so surprising about that? Do you really think this cooperation worked because of Elisa? Come on, I highly doubt it!' 
An amusing commenter chipped in, "Oh my goodness! Could it be that my goddess Elisa Benett has a new alias again?" 
Someone concurred, saying, "Holy cow! You could be right! I used to defy miracles, but ever since I followed Liz, I now believe nothing is impossible. Because everything is possible for her!" 
A comment read, "D*mn! Liz may be Rene in disguise!" 
A startled commenter said, "Holy cow! If that's the case, I'll go crazy! Comparison kills!" 
Yet, another one said, "Forget it. If Rene turns out to be Liz, I'll eat sh*t on a handstand!" 
Someone rubbed in, "I have captured a screenshot of this conversation. To the person above, you ought to fulfill your promise if Liz turns out to be Rene! I'll publish this screenshot to the public and make you a man of your word!" 
Gareth felt disgruntled after reading the comment thread. He stopped with a troubled expression on his
face. 
As he pondered on the conundrum of Elisa was indeed Rene, a sudden recollection took him back to two years ago. 
At the time, Gareth had just returned home from work. He vividly remembered having left two items in the living room. Upon entering, he immediately looked at Elisa, who sat comfortably on the couch with a pen in hand, intermittently sketching on a sheet of paper. 
He caught a glimpse of the contents, and Elisa abruptly folded the paper and greeted him with a warm smile, "You're back!"
###chapter1037
Chapter 1037
CHAPTER 1037 UNREPENTANCE 
"The dinner is ready. We can..." 
Before Elisa could finish her sentence, she was cut off by the cold and indifferent Gareth, "I'm not in the mood to have dinner with you." He said before walking upstairs. 
Her smile froze at his words, and Gareth didn't even bother to spare a glance at her. 
His gaze flickered as he reflected on this memory. Elisa had frantically put away something at his appearance as if she didn't want him to see whatever she was doing. 
The thing that she hid from him looked like a design sketch. 
"Garry?" Monica's voice jolted Gareth back to reality. 
She had been observing her son and noticed his mood swings. Monica asked, "What are you thinking?" 
"Nothing," Gareth said lightly. 
Darren gazed at Gareth again and asked, "What will you do about this situation?" 
Gareth snorted coldly, "Their cooperation has been set. Rene refused to work with me, so what else can I do?" 
The truth was that… 
Gareth hadn't a clue that Elisa had poured her heart into making and designing things for him before their divorce occurred. Perhaps it was a fickle fate. Elisa was forlorn and decided to stop investing her mind and soul into Gareth after being hurt by him countless times. 
Similarly, she had no intention of aiding Darcey Group, the rival company of Wickam Group. 
This was why the two had been seeking to collaborate with Rene but to no avail. 
Darren suddenly ceased talking. 
However, Julia sneered coldly, "We'll see if Liz turns out to be Rene Caovilla. See if you'll regret it when the time comes!" 
"Regret?! There's no need to regret if she really is Rene Caovilla! Has she contributed anything after marrying into the Wickam family? If she truly is Rene, there's more reason for her to cooperate with us. But has she designed any drafts for us? So, stop making a fool out of yourself!" 
Although earlier Darren had refrained from refuting Julia, his disgruntlement against Elisa and Julia's harsh accusations had unfurled his pent-up frustrations. 
Julia laughed aloud in exasperation, "You have the cheek to say that! If it weren't for your exploitation of her in the beginning, how could she have ignored and shunned you? If you want others to be good to you, you must do good unto others first! You insisted on Garry and her divorce from the beginning! How could she not be disheartened?! How could she not be desperate and still have the mood to design sketches for you? Her husband and only reliance left her for another woman. Now, tell me if she would
be in the mood to please you?!" 
Julia lashed out at Darren unreservedly. But the more she said, the more resentful she felt towards Gareth. She couldn't fathom why Gareth would let down a good woman like Elisa. He was foolish enough to neglect her and be subservient to that wicked woman. Her grandson wouldn't have done something terrible like this if not under bad influence. 
It was all Darren's fault! 
Thinking of this, Julia couldn't help but retort again, "It's all your fault! You've manipulated and led him astray!" 
"What has it got to do with me?! All I did was tell the truth! Elisa came to us with a motive. That's the truth, and that's all!" Darren boasted shamelessly. 
Julia almost fell to her feet at Darren's incorrigible self-righteousness, "Then why did you agree to their marriage in the first place? Weren't you fond of them and supported their marriage then?!"
###chapter1038
Chapter 1038
CHAPTER 1038 YOU’LL REGRET THIS! 
"It was because the Benett family was in good straits then! But after that, Elisa failed to live up to the expectations. Other people took control of the company, but I still allowed her to become the Wickam family's granddaughter-in-law. If she doesn't have excellent skills, why should she become part of the Wickam family?" Darren said forcefully. 
Julia was furious. She raised a hand to point at Darren, but before she could say anything, Gareth suddenly said in a low voice, "That's enough." 
Julia looked over, displeased. 
Gareth's gaze fell on Darren. "Don't bring Elisa up again in the future. She has never owed us anything." 
Darren was mildly astonished and opened his mouth subconsciously. "What do you mean by that? Aren't you angry at her anymore?" 
Julia was slightly surprised, but when she thought of what Gareth had said to her, she let out a breath. I guess he must really like Liz. Otherwise, why would he say such things? 
Afterward, she heard Gareth say in a low voice, "I owe her a lot." 
"What nonsense are you saying?! When have you owed her anything?" 
Gareth didn't want to stay and waste his time. He said in a deep voice, "There are company matters to
deal with. I'm leaving." 
After that, he didn't glance at Darren as his long legs made their way out. 
Darren's expression turned nasty. He was startled and didn't know what to say. 
Upon seeing that Gareth was leaving, Julia also stood up. When she felt Darren's gaze, she said in a low voice, "You'll regret it sooner or later, Darren Wickam. If Liz never forgives Gareth, you've ruined your grandson's happiness with your own hands! You can selfishly have relationships and love in your life but not your grandson! Profit is so important to you. It's all about profit and more profit with him!" 
Darren's figure froze abruptly. 
Julia sneered. Although she had criticized Darren angrily, they had a good relationship. They had been through thick and thin together. 
But when it came to their grandson, he selfishly didn't want his grandson to have a relationship and wanted to prioritize profit instead! 
Upon seeing that Darren didn't know what to say, she scoffed. "Darren Wickam, you'll regret this!" 
She didn't intend to say anything else. 
Jerry sighed lightly and didn't care if Monica was beside him. He said calmly, "You're being very selfish about this. You've ruined my life but still want to interfere in Gareth's. Think about how you would have ended up if you didn't have Mom." 
After that, Jerry stood up. 
Monica's expression instantly turned nasty. "What do you mean by that, Jerry Wickam?!" 
Jerry didn't look at Monica or say a word. He left. 
Many people had been in the living room, but now, Gareth and Jerry had left, and Julia had gone upstairs. 
Only two people with terrible expressions and similar opinions were left. 
Monica bit her lips. Although she disliked Elisa in the past, her mentality had changed. She paused and looked at Darren before saying softly, "Dad, I'm going upstairs. Perhaps what they said is right. Your son and I… don't know what love is. He despises me, and I have no way of approaching him…"
###chapter1039
Chapter 1039
CHAPTER 1039 THEY WILL BE PUNISHED 
Monica couldn't continue speaking. 
And her voice sounded choked up. 
Previously… 
Monica disliked Elisa and thought Elisa wasn't worthy of her son. 
But now… 
Her son and husband had distanced themselves from her after her wrong decision. She didn't want to be so forceful anymore, especially after what Jerry had said. It pierced her heart and pained her. 
Since Gareth and Linda's relationship ended, Monica had been snubbed for a long time. Her son drifted apart from her, making her feel particularly upset. 
She wanted the most to redeem the relationship with her son and husband. 
This was why she didn't speak too much this time. She even… started to stand on her son and mother- in-law's side. 
Darren clearly never thought Monica would say such things. He suddenly raised his eyes to look at Monica, baffled. "Monica, you…" 
In an instant, he didn't know what else to say. He felt an endless restlessness in his heart. 
He never imagined Monica would abandon him. 
Monica's gaze flickered, but she shook her head and walked upstairs without a word. 
At that moment, she felt… indescribably terrible. 
At first, she wanted to persist as she thought she was right. However… she had given up on her cluttered thoughts after the recent encounter. She only wanted her family to reunite. 
Darren watched Monica's figure and only came to his senses slightly after her figure disappeared up the stairs. 
In the end, he sighed in exasperation before he got up and walked to his study room. 
… 
A few days later, it was the third hearing. 
Elisa and the others were naturally there and sat in their seats. 
Rachel and Charli sat in the stands and stared at the scene before them. 
Rachel couldn't help but say softly, "I wonder what the result will be this time!" 
Charli smiled. "It doesn't matter what the result is. Liz doesn't care either, so you don't have to worry." 
Rachel sighed and said slightly exasperatedly, "I know… Although that's the case, I won't feel good if the court gives her a light sentence. I don't want the criminal to pull through so easily!" 
Charli suddenly laughed lightly and turned to look at Rachel slowly. "Do you think Liz will do that?" 
"Huh?" Rachel's eyes were perplexed. 
Charli's lips twitched. "Do you think Liz will let her live peacefully?" 
"Oh, that's right!" Rachel's eyes suddenly lit up. She was about to say something when she saw Charli's signaling gaze. Rachel immediately nodded and kept quiet. 
After all, they were in public. Even if they spoke softly, someone might inevitably hear them. It would be terrible if Liz's plan were revealed. 
Charli smiled. "So you don't have to worry because there won't be any problems. Those who deserve to be punished will be punished." 
"You're right!" Rachel nodded in agreement. She didn't say anything else. 
Everyone's gaze fell on the judge. 
Because… he was about to speak. 
The judge touched the microphone and looked at everyone before speaking calmly, "The court will make the following judgment regarding the recent investigations."
###chapter1040
Chapter 1040
CHAPTER 1040 IN PUBLIC 
The judge paused. 
Everyone stared in the judge's direction. They wanted to know what she would say next. 
Because Rose became the defendant, she was the one to sit in the defendant's position. 
Norman and Linda were also there and sat not far from Rachel and Charli. 
Their expressions didn't look good, especially Linda's. Her eyes were full of worry. 
What should I do… 
She hadn't been by her mother's side for the past few days and felt terrible… 
She had an unspeakable pain in her heart because she couldn't see her mother. 
But after seeing her mother today, she felt even worse. 
Her mother had become haggard in the two days they had not met. Linda had wanted to visit her mother, but she couldn't make it in even after trying her best. She really felt helpless! 
But… 
Her dad didn't have any other way. 
She looked at her mother sitting in the defendant's seat, and her heart shivered uncontrollably. She turned to look at her father. "What will… the result of today's sentencing be?" 
She had been worried and anxious for the past few days. Her father had been busy, and she didn't have the nerve to disturb him. 
Norman sighed lightly. "We'll find out shortly." 
He was also anxious. He had done all he could and had no way to say anything now that it had come to this stage. They could only wait for the final results. 
He just hoped that the truth wouldn't be revealed. 
Just as everyone was feeling nervous and expectant, the judge spoke. 
"The court has gone through a series of inspections regarding the evidence provided by Ms. Meek. The public welfare projects are authentic, and her voice has been verified in the provided recording. But no matter the reason, it's still homicide. After thorough consideration, the defendant is sentenced to three years imprisonment." 
Linda instantly breathed a sigh of relief! 
She had expected ten years, but it suddenly became three years. She was relieved. 
Norman also breathed a sigh of relief, and his gaze instantly landed on Rose. Rose was also looking at
Norman and Linda. 
She smiled and nodded at them, looking remarkably resilient. Norman and Linda both felt upset. 
And Rachel was furious! 
She couldn't help but say, "How can this be the result? Just three years?! In any case, it was an intentional homicide. And they didn't donate the money. How could it be authenticated? What on earth is going on?!" 
Charli's expression darkened. "Someone must have done something on the inside." 
"D*mn it! Who is it?! How did they do it so flawlessly?! Was the judge bribed?!" 
"No. He doesn't have the nerve to accept bribes." Charli's expression was firm, and her voice definite. 
"Then how on earth was it done?!" Rachel's voice was furious. She felt nauseous when she looked at Rose's sincere gaze. After that, Rachel couldn't help but ridicule Rose. "She's still pretending! She must be overjoyed! It's supposed to be the death penalty, but it was reduced to three years. What dumb luck does she have?!" 
Rachel was about to blow up at that moment. 
Behind her, Sheena immediately said, "Calm down, Rach. We're in public!" 
Rachel took a deep breath and restrained her violent temper. But she had her limits. Even if she was
speaking, her voice wasn't too loud. Furthermore, Charli was beside her and could restrain her. She wouldn't have responded if other people had noticed her.
###chapter1041
Chapter 1041
CHAPTER 1041 YOU MUST TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF 
Carle didn't say anything. He understood the rage in Rachel's heart because he was also furious. He thought it was unfair to Liz. 
Rachel took a deep breath and shut her eyes as if restraining her emotions. 
After all, they were in public. She didn't say anything else. 
A few people looked at Elisa, but she was exceptionally calm and didn't intend to speak. 
"Ms. Iris, may I ask if you're satisfied with this result?" 
"Yes," Elisa answered with ease and without the slightest hesitation. 
This made Norman and the others suspicious, and Rose's heart thumped unconsciously. She sized Elisa up for a long time but couldn't get anything from Elisa's expression. Rose felt an indescribable dreadful premonition. 
Elisa isn't making a move. Does she have something else up her sleeve?! 
Otherwise, how can she accept a three-year imprisonment? 
At that moment, even Linda also noticed it. She looked at Elisa with her guard up but couldn't directly question Elisa since they were far from her. 
Linda looked at Elisa coldly, with barely hidden enmity. 
The case was considered to be over since Elisa didn't have any ions. There was nothing else to be said, and everyone dispersed quickly. 
When Elisa walked out, Rachel, Charli, and the rest followed behind her. Rachel was furious and wanted to say many things. 
But this wasn't the place to speak, so she could only restrain herself and ask her questions in the car. 
However, Elisa wasn't in a rush to leave. In fact, she looked ahead. Rachel and the rest followed her gaze. 
Linda and Norman had wanted to stay back and speak to Rose, but Rose couldn't talk to them directly in her situation. She glanced at them before leaving with the staff. 
"Mom…" 
Linda's voice was slightly tearful, and her expression showed she was unwilling to part with Rose. 
Rose had initially braced herself to walk forward, but when she heard her daughter call out to her, her heart softened in an instant. Her heart trembled uncontrollably, and her footsteps stopped. She immediately turned and looked at her daughter. 
Both Rose and Linda's eyes were filled with tears. The two soon came close to each other. 
The staff members weren't unkind. They stood at one side, giving the mother and daughter time to speak. 
Upon seeing it, Norman immediately walked over. His expression was dark and complicated. 
Rose didn't look at Norman. Instead, her gaze landed on her daughter. She said gently yet worriedly, "Linda, three years isn't very long. You must take care of yourself, alright?" 
Linda shook her head uncontrollably. Her voice trembled. "Mom, I don't need to take care of myself. It's you…" 
Linda almost burst into tears. When she thought about how her mother would stay in that place for three years and how she wouldn't be by her mother's side, she couldn't take it and wanted to cry. 
Rose's tears instantly flowed uncontrollably. 
She shook her head and restrained her feelings before smiling at Linda. "It's alright. I'll be fine. No one will bully me there, and everything will be alright. Don't worry. As for you, you have to control your emotions, okay?" 
Linda nodded while crying. At that moment, she didn't know what to say.
###chapter1042
Chapter 1042
CHAPTER 1042 PUT IT BEHIND YOU 
She couldn't say a word, mainly because she was heartbroken. 
Norman couldn't help but sigh. "You must take care of yourself too…" 
Rose nodded and wiped the tears from her eyes. "I will. Linda… You have to take care of her. Don't let her temper…" 
She couldn't quite continue. 
Norman nodded immediately. "I will… I will." 
Linda grabbed Rose's hands, and Linda's voice trembled. "Mom…" 
That was all she could say. She couldn't repress her choked-up voice. 
"Good girl… I'm still here. You don't have to worry. Everything will be alright, okay?" 
Linda could only nod, but her tears fell uncontrollably. 
Rose couldn't say much and sighed. 
The staff members walked over and said impatiently, "It's time to go." 
Rose took a tiny breath and nodded at the staff. At the same time, she couldn't help but look at Norman
and Linda. 
"You… have to take care of yourself. Don't worry about me. I'm fine." 
What should have been said was said, and what shouldn't be said couldn't be displayed. Norman and Rose understood each other. 
Norman sighed helplessly and nodded. His expression was complicated, and he couldn't say anything. 
Linda could only cry and look on helplessly as she watched her mother turn and leave. 
Rachel and the others looked in their direction, and she sneered. "Is Linda unwilling to part with her mom? It's just three years! I'm so freaking angry!" 
Sheena scoffed coldly. "They think three years is too long. Look at the way she's crying." 
"D*mn it, I'm furious!" 
Elisa turned and saw Sheena's dark face. Elisa couldn't help but laugh lightly. "I'm not even angry. Why are you getting worked up?" 
Rachel immediately looked at Elisa and couldn't hold back, but she restrained herself and didn't say a word. Her eyes were filled with questions, and she was clearly curious. When will you make a move?! When? When can you wipe them out?! 
Elisa laughed softly and didn't say anything. She said freely, "Soon." 
Rachel's eyes lit up. "Finally!" 
Sheena's lips twitched. She raised her head to tap Rachel's temples. "You! It's already perfect, but you're so fidgety about it." 
"Ah! How can I not get anxious?!" Rachel raised her hands and seemed to rub her temples in pain. 
Charli laughed. "Let's go." 
The rest didn't say anything else and walked out. 
But… 
They were at the entrance when they suddenly heard a voice behind them. 
"Hold on, Elisa." 
Rachel immediately turned around and looked at the person, displeased. At the same time, she pushed Elisa behind her and said vigilantly, "What are you doing? Do you want to kill Liz?" 
"Don't spout rubbish!" Linda was livid and not in the mood to talk nonsense with Rachel. Instead, her gaze fell on Elisa. Linda gritted her teeth and said, "Are you satisfied now that it has come to this?!" 
The corners of Elisa's mouth curved slowly. "Aunt Rose just told you to restrain your temper. Have you put it behind you after coming out?" 
"You…!" Linda gritted her teeth. Her expression was complicated when she thought of how her mother had spoken to her tearfully.
###chapter1043
Chapter 1043
That's right. I need to restrain myself! 
My attitude can't change here. I have to continue to be dignified! 
I also have to maintain my usual image. 
Furthermore, Mom said she killed Elisa's father for his sake. This time, I have to maintain this image! 
I have to wrap things up for Mom! 
When Linda thought about it, she put away all her negative feelings. Unspeakable helplessness and guilt were intertwined in her gaze as she looked at Elisa. 
"Liz, I know you're upset, but sometimes elders have their own desires. Your father was already at such a stage. Don't tell me you would have made your father suffer to his death?" 
Rachel's brows immediately frowned tightly. At first, she had been restraining her anger, but she immediately laughed in a rage when she heard what Linda said. "You really know how to joke! Who are you to make decisions about someone's life? Did you discuss this with Liz? Moreover, you're speaking so decisively. How are you so good at doing these things? Can all stories be considered true now?" 
Linda was dumbstruck. 
This wench! Rachel never thinks before she speaks. She just says what she likes! Rachel is saying such things in front of many people without regard for me. Linda couldn't quite restrain the emotions on her face because she was incensed! 
However, the rims of Linda's eyes were still red because her tears from just now hadn't dried. 
Some people still felt sorry for Linda when looking at her. 
Especially when they saw Linda's frail figure, it made her seem more pitiful. 
However, there must be something hateful about her, even if she seemed pitiful. 
Everyone looked on like they were watching a show. No one wanted to really find out the truth. 
Sheena felt everyone's peculiar gazes and pulled Rachel's arm at once. She said softly, "Rach, control yourself. Don't give Liz a dirty name." 
Rachel gritted her teeth and said nothing. 
Linda immediately played her part when she saw Rachel like that. She looked at Elisa. "Liz, I'm also a victim at this moment. Search your heart. We tried our best to tell you so you won't be upset. My mother became a criminal and has suffered every day. She's now getting what she deserves and has to stay there for three years. She wouldn't deserve such punishment if she had done nothing and ignored everything back then. Why did she insist on meddling? It was so that your dad wouldn't be in pain. Your dad is also my biological uncle, so we are sad as well…" 
What? 
The?! 
She d*mn well knows how to lie! I'm about to curse at her! I need a weapon! Give me something! 
Rachel clenched her fists tightly while Sheena was at one side, pulling her hand without letting go, afraid she would do something impulsive. 
"We were always deeply grateful since we stayed in your home. We even treated you and Uncle Nelson like our immediate family. Ultimately, we feel grateful for your kindness, you…" 
Before Linda could finish speaking, Elisa suddenly laughed lightly. Her cherry lips parted slightly. "You're grateful for our kindness." 
She seemed to be repeating and mocking what Linda said. In an instant, Linda didn't catch it, but she knew Elisa definitely had malicious intentions! 
###chapter1044
Chapter 1044
Elisa didn't care about everyone else's gazes. She only stared at those before her and said with a forced smile, "If you really felt grateful for our kindness, why are you delaying the return of my shares? Why did you even go as far as to take it to court? Why must you hold on to the shares even if it's embarrassing?" 
Linda's expression changed. At the next moment, exasperation flickered across her eyes. She feigned helplessness and sighed softly. "Liz, I know… I know you still blame me, but things have reached such a stage. My mom… has also received her punishment. Liz, we used to owe you an apology, but I think it's now paid back in full." 
Linda didn't say anything else. She didn't want to maintain such an outward appearance further because she was enraged! 
Elisa's lips twitched, and she didn't care about other people at the scene. She said with a faint smile, "Hypocrites will be exposed little by little. I hope your family has a clear conscience, and you won't show your true colors to everyone." 
Linda's expression instantly paled. We've already come to this. What else does Elisa want to do?! 
The explanation was flawless. Why does she still want to investigate?! 
At that moment, Linda became more frantic! 
Rachel was suddenly enraged in that instant. Upon hearing Liz's merciless words, Rachel sneered. "If you don't want others to find out, don't do anything. I also hope you maintain such an image so everyone will think of you as good, innocent, and pitiful. However, pitiful people can be hateful too! You
best behave, Ms. Linda Benett!" 
Rachel turned and left with Elisa after that. 
Charli and Carle didn't say anything. 
The two stood behind Elisa and Rachel from the start until the end. Charli had an easygoing expression. 
As if she paid no attention to what they said. 
After all… 
Elisa wasn't a public figure like a celebrity who needed to consider other people's and fans' feelings. They couldn't attract criticism for no reason, so they had to restrain themselves. 
Elisa was different. 
Elisa was someone who did as she pleased. Everything she did was legal, and she was an outstanding lawyer. She could naturally follow her heart's desires. 
Charli trusted and admired Elisa greatly. 
Charli trusted and admired Elisa greatly. 
Linda stood at the spot and watched their figures. She was so enraged that her figure trembled, but she couldn't speak. Even if her gaze was bleak and she was furious, she had to restrain her emotions so
everyone could see how tragic she was from being bullied… 
This would at least win the sympathy of those around her. 
At that moment, Norman finished talking to someone else and walked over slowly. He saw Linda's tear- stricken face and immediately said in a distressed manner, "Come home with me, dear girl. You still have your dad. Your mom…." 
Norman immediately sighed. He pulled his daughter into his arms, and the two walked out. 
Linda's eyes were swollen, and she didn't say a word. She kept crying silently and looked extremely pitiful. 
"Let's go. Come on…" 
The father and daughter said nothing else as they walked out together. But… as soon as they walked out, they realized that Elisa and the others hadn't left. Instead, they stood at one side, and standing across from them was…
###chapter1045
Chapter 1045
Linda's slightly grim and dull eyes were instantly filled with rage at that moment! 
It's him! 
How can it be him?! 
Why did he come here?! 
Elisa has changed into a woman with the heart of a devil! Why does he still like her?! 
Why?! 
She silently roared the words in her heart! 
At that moment, Elisa and the rest stood before the man. No. To be exact, the man's sudden appearance blocked their path. 
The man's face was icy, and his eyes were intertwined with rage. 
But he still looked at Elisa and restrained himself. He said to her calmly and coldly, "Let's talk?" 
Elisa furrowed her brows. She subconsciously wanted to ask him what they could talk about. 
But there were many people around and even more eyes. Moreover, her friends were with her. She didn't want them to worry. 
If she didn't want to talk to Gareth, he would get angry, and Carle would defend her from interacting with Gareth. 
Then, things would get ugly. Elisa even worried about the potential future conflict between Gareth and Carle's companies. 
At that moment, Carle stood behind Elisa. It was as though his gaze was intertwined with worry and unspeakable dislike as he looked at Elisa. 
He was tense. As long as Liz refused, he wouldn't allow Gareth to take her away! 
Sheena stood at one side and was also slightly nervous. She also thought about it and feared that Carle and Gareth would get into a conflict. 
She subconsciously glanced at Carle, and her heart shivered. After that, she looked at Elisa… 
She didn't know what Liz's answer would be… 
Rachel was carefree and didn't think about those things. But of course, even if she did, she wouldn't care. 
Among everyone's gaze, Elisa turned to look at the people behind her and smiled. "I have some things to talk about with him. You can go ahead." 
Carle's eyes flashed slightly. "Liz?" 
He was slightly worried. 
Elisa turned to look at him and smiled. "Go ahead. I have some matters to deal with." 
Carle pursed his lips and finally nodded with a complicated expression. His gaze never left her face. 
Gareth's sharp gaze instantly grew cold, and a constricting air surrounded him. 
They were clearly two men of similar height who were both handsome and flawless. 
But Gareth triumphed with a more dignified air. Although he wasn't in a rage, he still had an imposing manner. 
But Gareth triumphed with a more dignified air. Although he wasn't in a rage, he still had an imposing manner. 
Elisa noticed it and immediately said, "Let's go." 
Gareth turned his eyes to her as if anger was intertwined deep in his eyes. 
Does she care so much about Carle? 
Upon seeing that Elisa had already made her way down to the underground parking lot, Gareth ignored Carle and followed her. 
Carle stood at the spot and didn't move as he watched Elisa's figure. 
Sheena's eyes flickered, and she finally said softly, "Let's… go?" 
Carle pursed his lips and couldn't help but say, "I'm still quite worried." 
Rachel instantly smiled in exasperation. She raised her hand to pat his shoulder. "There's nothing to worry about. Is he going to eat Liz? Moreover, Gareth isn't as he used to be. Come on, let's go." 
Sheena didn't say anything as she looked at Carle. 
Carle still stood there without moving as he looked in Elisa's direction. Rachel suddenly felt frustrated, and she pulled Carle's sleeve. 
###chapter1046
Chapter 1046
"Alright, let's go. I'm still hungry. You're buying today!" 
After that, she pulled Carle and allowed for no explanation. 
Carle furrowed his brows tightly. He was still worried about Elisa, but Rachel had already said such. Furthermore, Elisa had also chosen to leave with Gareth. Carle had no other way, so he could only allow himself to be pulled away by Rachel. 
Sheena breathed a sigh of relief. 
… 
At that moment, Elisa followed Gareth into the car. 
Gareth didn't say a word and started the engine. 
Elisa was also silent because she was waiting for Gareth to speak first. 
She was astonished that he had come to the court to look for her. 
Gareth hadn't said a word even after driving for twenty minutes. Elisa furrowed her brows as though she couldn't quite sit still, and she turned to look at the man before her. 
She could only see the man's handsome side profile from her direction. He stared ahead as if driving earnestly. 
Elisa finally said, "What do you want to say? You've been driving for so long. There's no need to drive further." 
Gareth didn't say a word, as if not wanting to pay attention to Elisa. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows again. As she stared at the man's firm side profile, her expression was suddenly slightly uneasy. 
She would never have gotten into Gareth's car if she hadn't wanted to stop Carle and Gareth from going up against each other. 
Great. Elisa couldn't get out of the car, and the man didn't intend to pay attention to her. 
After a momentary pause, Elisa said coldly, "I'm not interested in being in the car with you like this. Please speak directly if you have something to say, Mr. Wickam." 
"You're very noisy," Gareth said coldly, seemingly not wanting to hear Elisa's voice. The bone-piercing chill made her heart quiver indescribably. 
Elisa's expression instantly turned nasty. "I think you're ridiculous." 
Gareth immediately sneered but didn't quarrel with Elisa. He continued driving. 
Elisa furrowed her brows, and bewilderment flickered across her eyes. This was a significant difference from the previous Gareth. 
What on earth is he doing today? Since he said he wants to talk with me, why hasn't he said anything
until now? Or is he taking me somewhere? 
For a moment, Elisa was at a loss. 
This time, Elisa said nothing, as though following Gareth's lead. She wanted to see where Gareth would take her. 
This time, Elisa said nothing, as though following Gareth's lead. She wanted to see where Gareth would take her. 
Gareth drove like this for twenty minutes. 
Elisa started to recognize the road and knew where Gareth was taking her. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows again and looked at the man before her, baffled. 
"Are you taking me to see Grandma now?" 
"Shouldn't you come and visit her?" 
"I can come any time I like. I don't have to come with you. If there's nothing else, stop the car. I'll come and visit Grandma on my own." 
"Grandma is upset." 
Elisa's gaze froze as though she was puzzled. 
She stared at Gareth's handsome side profile, waiting for him to speak. 
"Grandpa and Grandma started arguing again because of you, and cracks are gradually showing in their relationship. Both of them are old, and I don't want them to get a divorce because of you." 
Elisa's expression changed a little. She wasn't as calm as before and spoke slightly impatiently. 
"When did this happen?" 
Gareth suddenly scoffed. "When did it happen? Has it ever stopped?" 
###chapter1047
Chapter 1047
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
For a moment, Elisa didn't know what to say. 
He's right… 
Ever since she and Gareth divorced, things might have changed. 
Grandma constantly defended her, but Grandpa always looked down on her. It even made Grandpa and Grandma quarrel more frequently. 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say a word. 
She felt that she had to make things clear to Grandma this time. She didn't want Grandma to spend so much energy on her at such an old age. 
They were about to arrive at their destination, and Gareth wasn't as silent as he had been. He suddenly stopped the car before the next corner. 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly as she looked at the man before her. 
Gareth put one hand on the steering wheel as he turned to look at Elisa. Scorn was intertwined in his icy gaze. 
Elisa frowned and didn't say anything, seeming like she was waiting for him to speak. 
Gareth looked at her and said frostily, "Are you Rene Caovilla?" 
His few words seemed like he was questioning her, but uncontrollable anger was tangled in his voice. 
"What does it have to do with you?" Elisa said without thinking. It was mainly because she didn't want to tell Gareth too much. 
But… 
It confirmed Gareth's thoughts. 
She is Rene Caovilla. 
The rage in Gareth's eyes burned brightly, and he grabbed her wrist. Elisa didn't notice, and it was too late to struggle. 
Her brows furrowed tightly, and she struggled in vain. She looked at Gareth unhappily, "What are you doing?" 
"How much did you hide from me, Elisa Benett?!" 
Fury was entwined in Gareth's voice as though he couldn't control it. Even the veins on his forehead protruded. 
His sharp gaze was directed at her face. His aggressive and questioning attitude made Elisa's brows furrow and tighten. 
Elisa couldn't free herself from him, so she simply gave up and let him hold her wrist. She sneered, "You've asked me this many times, Mr. Wickam. Do you think it's important?" 
He couldn't hear much emotion in her cold voice. 
Gareth's gaze froze slightly but wasn't as exasperated as before. Instead, he looked at her calmly and said with a faint smile, "You previously said I'm the light of your life and the only man in your heart. I didn't know that your so-called love is concealing and lying." 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly, and she looked at him with a complicated expression. After a moment, she laughed lightly with a faint smile, but there was an irrepressible coldness. 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly, and she looked at him with a complicated expression. After a moment, she laughed lightly with a faint smile, but there was an irrepressible coldness. 
She had never denied that her previous feelings for him were unforgettable, even until now. 
Elisa could only laugh lightly as he questioned her like this. It's fine. What is there to argue about since it's in the past? 
But upon seeing Gareth staring at her, Elisa paused and said softly, "Maybe. Perhaps it's as you think it is. I approached you for ulterior motives and profit, then realized you had no feelings for me. I failed, so I could only choose to let go and look for new bait in the end." 
Before Elisa could finish speaking, she felt the car's temperature drop abruptly. After she finished speaking, she felt like she was in a refrigerator. 
It was so cold she was shivering unconsciously. 
###chapter1048
Chapter 1048
"You're really heartless, Elisa Benett." 
Gareth didn't say anything else. This time, he didn't question her too much, either. He wasn't as overbearing as he had been. 
Elisa's eyes flickered, and confusion was intertwined in her eyes. What… on earth is he going to do? 
Gareth didn't say anything as he started the car again. 
He didn't look at her until they reached Wickam Manor. After he stopped the car, he didn't say a word. He sat in the driver's seat as if waiting for something. 
Elisa was baffled but didn't want to say too much to him. She got out of the car and walked to the door of Wickam Manor. 
The moment when a servant opened the door, and Elisa walked in, Gareth drove away. 
It was evident that he didn't intend to enter Wickam Manor. He had only wanted to send her here. 
Elisa turned around with some surprise. When she saw his car disappear entirely from her view, contempt flickered across the corners of her mouth. 
That's right. Gareth doesn't like me in the first place, so he naturally doesn't want to interact much with me. He only sent me here so that Grandma would be happy. 
Elisa didn't think about it further, and she walked in. 
"You're finally here to see me, Liz!" The old woman's voice was intertwined with surprise and delight but mostly anticipation. 
Elisa immediately looked at the old woman walking down the stairs, and her negative emotions disappeared altogether. A smile even appeared in the corners of her mouth at that moment. "Grandma." 
Her voice was very soft, and her gaze exceptionally gentle. 
Julia nodded at once and went down the stairs quickly. 
Elisa immediately went to her and said gently, "Slow down, Grandma. Don't fall!" 
Julia instantly pretended to be displeased. "Silly girl, are you calling me old? Don't think about my old age. I'm so healthy now." 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh. She said, "I know you're in good shape. I was just afraid that you weren't being careful. Young people can fall too." 
Old Madam Wickam suddenly laughed lightly. At that moment, she had reached the last step of the stairs. Old Madam Wickam reached out one hand and immediately held Elisa's hand as Elisa extended hers. She said with some yearning, "You haven't been here to visit me in a while. I miss you so much." 
Guilt flashed across Elisa's eyes. "It's my fault. I've been busy recently." 
Guilt flashed across Elisa's eyes. "It's my fault. I've been busy recently." 
"Ah…" Julia pulled her to sit on the couch and said with some distress, "I know you've been busy dealing with Norman and his family these days. But what on earth happened in the last hearing? Why didn't you refute them?" 
Elisa's lips twitched. "They provided some evidence and felt nothing was wrong, so their sentence was reduced." 
"How abominable!" Julia retorted. She paused and looked at Elisa immediately before saying gently, "Sweet girl. I know your heart must be in pain, but you must do certain things step by step. I will help you think of a way. I won't let them get away so easily!" 
Rose wasn't the only one who had killed Elisa's father. Not only were they acquitted so quickly, but Norman also got away. Who would be able to accept it?! 
Julia was livid, but she didn't express it because it would make Elisa feel worse.
###chapter1049
Chapter 1049
Elisa smiled. "It's alright, Grandma. Since I've chosen to make a move this time, I won't go home empty-handed. I won't let them get away with it either." 
She would just use a different way. 
Julia immediately looked at her slightly hesitantly. "Hmm? You…" 
Julia didn't finish speaking. She stared at Elisa. 
Elisa smiled. It wasn't the place to talk about such things. She said softly, "Grandma, you don't have to take the trouble to rack your brains about this. I have ways to solve it." 
Julia looked at her doubtfully. "Really?" 
"Mm," Elisa replied casually. 
Julia wrinkled her brows slightly and felt that something wasn't right. Still, she felt that Elisa was an intelligent girl and should have a plan, as Elisa had said. 
At that moment, Julia wasn't sure. 
Elisa smiled and said, "Don't worry, Grandma. I won't take too long this time." 
Julia nodded when she saw Elisa's firm expression and heard Elisa's earnest voice. "I trust you. But their ways are sinister. You must be careful, alright?" 
Elisa answered in agreement. "Of course. I can't get into trouble because I can't bear to make you worry, Grandma." 
When she spoke, she went closer to Julia and hugged Julia's arm. She also put her head on Julia's shoulder. 
Julia's heart melted instantly because she had never seen Elisa act so coyly. Elisa had always been resilient and kept calm in times of crisis, no matter what she met with. It made Julia's heart melt when Elisa acted coyly like this occasionally. 
She nodded in the end. "Alright. I won't worry. But you can't get hurt, alright? You must tell me if you do, okay? Don't endure it alone!" 
Elisa's heart felt warm. Grandma's kindness to her was genuine, but Grandma was upset because of her. After hesitating, she looked at Julia and said gently, "Grandma, you don't have to worry about me. Everything is fine, and I'm living well. I used to like Gareth, so certain troubles and grudges were unavoidable. But after I completely let it go, I feel my life now is great." 
Julia immediately nodded in exasperation. "Ah… I understand. I know you're having a hard time now, but I will support you no matter what!" 
Julia immediately nodded in exasperation. "Ah… I understand. I know you're having a hard time now, but I will support you no matter what!" 
Elisa smiled and nodded. "I know, but…" 
Elisa continued as she looked at Julia's kind face. "Grandma, my life is quite good, and everything is as
I want. You really don't have to worry about me. Don't argue with Grandpa too much because of me. I'll have a guilty conscience if that's the case." 
Julia immediately laughed aloud. "Silly girl. Why did you let your imagination run wild? Grandpa and I have been together for so many years, and we've always bickered." 
Elisa shook her head and looked at Julia earnestly. "It's different." 
"How is it different? I don't have a big conflict with Grandpa. I may talk about divorce often, but do you think I will do it? It's just to scare him. He will keep quiet every time I bring it up." Julia couldn't help but chuckle.
###chapter1050
Chapter 1050
Elisa's eyes flashed. She saw Grandma's eyes unconsciously reveal innocent happiness. Envy streaked across Elisa's eyes. 
Although Grandpa had never liked her, he treated and indulged Grandma well. 
It was true happiness for Grandma to feel joyful even until now. She knew they weren't young and were in it for life. 
Elisa smiled. "I know. Grandpa cherishes you as well. But Grandma, don't argue with Grandpa over me anymore. If this goes on, I will feel very guilty, Grandma." 
"Ah, silly girl. You always let your imagination run wild. Nothing is happening between Grandpa and me. Furthermore, we quarrel over many things. We don't actually argue about you that much." 
Elisa pursed her lips. She knew Grandma wouldn't change no matter what she said. Grandma would choose to side with her and protect her no matter what. 
She felt touched yet exasperated. She didn't want Grandma to be angered because of this. 
Grandma and Grandpa were getting on in years, and their health was no longer like when they were young. They couldn't experience too much. 
When Elisa thought about it, she grabbed Julia's hand, and her fingertips seemed to accidentally feel for Julia's pulse. 
Julia looked at Elisa's silent demeanor and suddenly laughed lightly. "Why are you still at a loss? Are
you still worried about me?" 
Elisa subconsciously smiled and shook her head, but… 
Her smile had just somewhat curved when her expression changed slightly. Elisa turned away at once, afraid that Grandma would see that something was wrong. She took a deep breath unconsciously, and astonishment flickered across her eyes. 
How can this be?! 
Am I… 
Mistaken?! 
"Liz?" 
Julia seemed to have noticed something wrong with Elisa. Elisa felt Julia's pulse with one hand and raised the other to put it on the tip of her nose. She raised her head and said softly, "I… I need to sneeze." 
Julia smiled and said nothing like she was waiting for Elisa to sneeze. 
However, Elisa's fingertips stayed on Julia's pulse. 
Upon seeing Elisa not moving, Julia laughed. "Haha. I don't think your sneeze is coming." 
Elisa responded and pretended to raise her head like she was about to sneeze. 
But her heart was trembling uncontrollably. Is this… a mistake? 
But her heart was trembling uncontrollably. Is this… a mistake? 
There's no way. Gareth always arranges regular physical examinations for his grandparents. They go for weekly check-ups. Today is Sunday, so they should be going for another check-up tomorrow. 
Or does the physical examination not check for this…? 
Her heart couldn't help but shiver. She forcefully restrained her emotions and faced the situation again. 
"Ah, I don't think your sneeze is coming out. Stop trying." 
Elisa was feeling slightly doubtful and took a tiny breath. 
At the next moment, she turned and said with some exasperation, "It seems like the air is different today. I can't sneeze." 
Julia chuckled. "Take your time. I know you've been busy the past few days, so you don't have to come and see me intentionally. You can come when you have more time." 
A complicated expression streaked across Elisa's face, but she recovered quickly. A smile was on the corners of her lips, and she nodded. "Mm. I have more time these days and haven't been too busy. The court matter has been settled."
###chapter1051
Chapter 1051
Julia nodded with a smile. "That's great." 
From the start until the end, a gentle smile was on the corners of Elisa's lips, but internally she felt particularly complicated. 
Grandma's condition had to be dealt with as soon as possible, but Grandma couldn't find out about the specifics. Therefore, she could only choose to… 
Elisa took a slight breath as if restraining her emotions. Only the heavens knew how jittery she felt. She wondered why the heavens would play such a joke on her. 
Grandma couldn't be angered at all in her current condition! 
For the next hour, Elisa stayed by Julia's side. Julia was delighted, but Elisa couldn't quite sit still. She couldn't put it off anymore! 
She paused and smiled. "Grandma, I have some work matters to deal with. I'll visit you tomorrow, alright?" 
Julia nodded understandingly. Although unwilling to part with Elisa, she smiled and said, "Go ahead. You don't have to come to see me for the next few days. You can come when you have the time. Go on, sweet child." 
Elisa's brows fluttered, and she couldn't hold back her tears. 
She took a breath and stopped herself from showing emotion. She smiled and nodded before picking
up her bag and turning to leave. 
Julia followed to send her off and repeatedly advised her kindly. "Liz, you never ate very regularly last time. You can't skip meals when you're busy with work now, alright? Don't work too late at night either. Remember to eat." 
Elisa was about to cry. She nodded at once and took a breath before turning to look at Julia. She smiled and nodded. "Don't worry, Grandma. I will take care of myself, and you should, too. Don't argue with Grandpa. Both of you have to get along." 
"I know. You don't have to worry about us." 
Julia's voice was extremely gentle. Her kind face made Elisa's heart tremble even more. When they were at the door, Elisa said, "You don't have to send me off, Grandma. I can leave by myself." 
"Ah? How did you come? Why don't I see a car?" 
"Oh, I asked my friend to pick me up. She's outside. I'm going to look for her." 
Julia believed her firmly without any doubt and nodded. "Alright. Be careful. I won't send you off then." 
Now that Julia was getting older, she couldn't walk too far. Even when she walked to the door, a servant followed behind her. 
Now that Julia was getting older, she couldn't walk too far. Even when she walked to the door, a servant followed behind her. 
Elisa nodded. At that moment, she didn't dare go too close to Julia for fear of exposing herself. Furthermore… when she saw Grandma's friendly face, she couldn't help but feel sad. 
Elisa only stopped walking when she was far away from Wickam Manor. She turned around and only saw greenery surrounding her. 
At that moment, she didn't hesitate. She took out her cell phone and dialed a number. 
But… the other party didn't answer but hung up instead. 
Elisa furrowed her brows tightly and immediately called Gareth another time, but he rejected her call again. She called him three times, but he kept hanging up on her. Elisa had a nasty expression. 
It was alright if Gareth hated her and wanted to ignore her. But at such a critical point, she could only tell Gareth about it. 
She took a deep breath and called Thomas. 
"Ms. Benett?" 
Thomas' voice was filled with confusion. 
###chapter1052
Chapter 1052
Elisa asked, "Mr. May, is Gareth in a meeting?" 
Thomas paused and chose to tell the truth. "No. What's the matter, Ms. Benett?" 
Elisa exhaled and said, "I called him five times, but he's ignoring me. Please call him and tell him that Grandma is in poor health and it's severe. Tell him to call me at once! And don't tell anyone about this. It's crucial!" 
Elisa's voice was solemn, and she emphasized how urgent the matter was! 
Elisa had never exaggerated anything to scare others and wouldn't lie about such things. Thomas realized something wasn't right, so he immediately said, "Alright. I'll call Mr. Wickam right now." 
"Quickly." 
After that, Elisa took the initiative to end the call, as though saving time. 
She gripped her cell phone tightly and walked ahead as if to escape from Wickam Manor. 
This time, she didn't have to wait long. When she saw an incoming call from Gareth, Elisa answered without a second thought. 
It seemed like an illusion. Elisa had just answered the call when she felt cold air from the other end. Even if she didn't hear the man's voice, it was as though she could feel a menacing atmosphere. 
It seemed like Gareth was saying, Elisa Benett, you better have something to tell me. You're playing
with fire if you used Grandma as an excuse! 
Elisa couldn't be bothered and said tentatively, "Gareth?" 
She needed to verify if it was him. 
"Speak." Gareth's magnetic voice was cold and impatient. 
Once Elisa confirmed it was him, she immediately said, "Gareth, please listen carefully to what I have to say next! There's no need for me to joke about Grandma with you. Grandma is currently in bad shape! Her lungs! I suspect that it's a malignant tumor." 
It was tough for Elisa to say the last few words. 
"What nonsense are you spouting?!" Gareth's brows furrowed tightly, and his expression was icy! 
Elisa took a slight breath. "I don't want this to happen, but we can't delay it! Trust me this time, Gareth! Think of a way to take Grandma for a check-up!" 
It was difficult for Elisa to say it. At that moment… she couldn't quite restrain herself, and her voice was tearful. 
"Why do you say so?" 
"Why do you say so?" 
"Don't bother about that! Think of a way for Grandma to go for a check-up immediately. Isn't her regular physical examination tomorrow? Tell her that tomorrow can't work and it has to be pushed to today!" 
Elisa's voice was solemn, and Gareth's face darkened. 
He used to think Elisa was troublesome, but he was prejudiced against her. In reality, she was mature, gentle, kind, and generous. She would never joke with him about Grandma right now. Still, he was at a loss after Elisa suddenly told him about such a serious matter. 
"Trust me, Gareth! I beg you! Take Grandma for a check-up! You can find an excuse! If you need me, I'll go back right now. I looked for an excuse to leave and call you." 
Gareth's face was dark, and he said, "I understand. Go back to Wickam Manor now, and I'll come to pick Grandma up." 
"Alright." Elisa was remarkably cooperative. She ended the call and turned to walk back to Wickam Manor. 
When she arrived, Julia was astonished. "Why did you come back, Liz? Did you leave something behind?" 
###chapter1053
Chapter 1053
Elisa smiled. "Nothing. A colleague called and said the matter was settled, so I returned." 
Julia was surprised and did not expect Elisa would come back. 
"That's awesome! You can spend more time with me." 
Elisa approached Julia with a smile and held her arm. "Yeah, I can stay with you the whole day." She cooed. 
Julia was on cloud nine and beamed from ear to ear. "Sure!" 
While saying that, she was about to get Elisa to sit on the couch. But before Elisa sat down, Julia suddenly said, "Come and chat with me in my room." 
Julia wanted to talk privately with Elisa and ask about her plan. They might be unable to speak freely in the living room as other people were around. 
Elisa checked the time. Thinking that Gareth would not return so soon, she nodded and went upstairs with Julia. 
Despite being advanced in age, Julia was agile with the stairs, so she did not stay in a room downstairs. 
The original plan was to let Julia move to a room downstairs when she had difficulty climbing the stairs. 
Soon, the two arrived at Julia's room. Elisa smiled gently as she sat down with Julia on the couch. 
Almost half an hour later, Gareth came. 
When Julia saw Gareth, her smile was dismissed at once. "What brings you here again?" 
Elisa was speechless. In fact, she did not wish for Gareth to come, but she just wanted to ensure Julia was fine. 
Perceiving Elisa's gaze, Gareth looked at Julia and said calmly, "The doctor scheduled for your checkup appointment tomorrow has an urgent meeting, so the checkup is rescheduled to today." 
"What?" Julia was displeased. "You must be kidding me!" 
It was rare for Elisa to visit her, so Julia was extremely reluctant to leave. 
"The checkup is not important. I'm not sick anyway. I'll skip the checkup this week and do it next week." Julia said casually and looked toward Elisa. "Don't mind him, Elisa. Just stay here. It's just a checkup, so there's no issue skipping it once." 
Elisa's eyes flickered as she smiled. "Grandma, you should go for the checkup." 
Elisa's eyes flickered as she smiled. "Grandma, you should go for the checkup." 
Julia frowned. "I'm perfectly fine. The checkup is a complicated process. If I continue going for a checkup like this, it's torture for me!" 
Julia refused to go for the checkup now because Elisa might leave when she returned. She would lose
the chance to spend time with Elisa! 
Gareth furrowed his brows. "You have to go today." It was a short but firm statement. 
Julia protested sulkily, "If he's unavailable tomorrow, we can move it to the day after." 
"He'll be away for a week," Gareth answered briefly. 
Then, he gazed at Elisa – his intention was obvious. 
It was Elisa's idea to get Gareth here, so she naturally had to cooperate. She held Julia's hand and said gently, "Grandma, I can still be with you even if you go for the checkup." 
###chapter1054
Chapter 1054
Julia furrowed her brows. She was unwilling but did not want to resist Elisa's exhortation. She could not bring herself to decline her granddaughter's request. 
Elisa smiled softly. "Be a good girl, Grandma. Otherwise, I'll not visit you anymore." 
"I'm always a good girl, but this checkup is unimportant. Look at me – I'm in the pink of health!" As much as Julia would like to listen to Elisa, the reluctance in her words was unconcealable. 
Elisa answered, "Let's go together then. I'll be with you throughout the entire checkup, alright?" 
Gareth stood silently at the side while gazing at Elisa. He had pondered upon it while on the way here. He was worried sick about Julia's situation but did not understand why Elisa would say such words. 
"But I don't feel like going…" Unlike when she rejected Gareth resolutely, Julia started behaving like a child in front of Elisa. 
Usually, Elisa would have burst into laughter. But now, she was so worried about Julia that she was not amused. 
Squeezing a smile, she held Julia's hand and cooed, "Let's go and get yourself checked by the doctor. We can chat on the way there. I'll stay by your side." 
Gareth still did not speak up; he knew Elisa had a way of convincing Julia. 
Finally, Julia sighed in resignation and hummed, "Alright, alright."
Despite being resistant, she chose to listen to Elisa. 
"Okay, we can leave after you get changed." Elisa maintained a sweet smile and behaved as usual. 
However, no one knew how anxious she was. Her heart was wrenched even as she hid her emotions while accompanying Julia. 
She was dying to witness Julia's actual condition during the health checkup to prove her diagnosis wrong. 
Despite knowing the chances were low, she remained hopeful. 
These days had been torturing for her. 
"Okay, please wait for me," Julia said and went to the dressing room. 
"Okay, please wait for me," Julia said and went to the dressing room. 
Julia's bedroom had a separate dressing room, so Elisa and Gareth could have stayed there. However, the two exchanged glances and walked out of the room unanimously. 
Gareth stared at Elisa and asked, "What exactly is happening?" 
Elisa pressed her lips and replied, "It's not a good place to speak." 
She looked inside the room. Julia had not come out yet. The bedroom door was left open, so they could see Julia's movement. 
Gareth retracted his gaze from Elisa and stood aside to wait for Julia. 
Despite not showing many expressions on his cold face, he was distraught too. After all, Julia was his beloved grandmother, who had doted on him since childhood. 
A few minutes later, Julia came out after dressing up. Complicated emotions arose when she glanced at the couple at her door.
###chapter1055
Chapter 1055
Only if they can get back together as a married couple and stay by my side every day… 
Julia felt distressed and heartbroken. Her heart ached for Elisa, who sacrificed greatly for Gareth over the years but received nothing in return. 
She was also annoyed at Gareth for being ungrateful toward Elisa. 
He's receiving his punishment now. He actually likes Elisa, but Elisa's heart is no longer with him now. Serves him right! 
"Grandma, shall we go?" Julia sighed inwardly when she heard Elisa's gentle voice. Only if she's willing to forgive Gareth, the punk. I don't mind, even if she wants to beat him up to vent her resentment! Oh, dear… Or, Gareth might pursue Elisa back after experiencing a heavy blow… 
Julia was frustrated because she had thousands of words to say, yet she couldn't. 
"Okay, okay… Let's go." She grumbled reluctantly. 
Elisa held her hand as they went downstairs. 
After getting into the car, Julia refused to let go of Elisa's hand. She shot a glare at Gareth and complained, "Why do you have to send me for a checkup when Elisa is around? Can't you be more observant?" 
Gareth's face darkened, but he did not respond and continued driving. 
Elisa answered with a smile, "Grandma, the checkup is important. I'm here with you anyway, right?" 
Julia pouted like a child and groaned, "That's different. You can't go in with me during the checkup." 
"I'll be with you," Elisa replied seriously. 
She was not telling a lie because she wanted to see the result immediately in case there was any mishap. 
Julia heaved a sigh and stared at Gareth's cold, attractive face. "If the doctor in charge of my checkup is unavailable, other doctors can do it too. Why do we have to accommodate his schedule?" 
Julia was usually not a grumbler, but Elisa was always occupied and rarely had a chance to visit her, so she was upset to go for the checkup while Elisa was around. 
Gareth answered indifferently, "I only trust him." His response remained short and cold. 
Gareth answered indifferently, "I only trust him." His response remained short and cold. 
Pressing her lips, Julia snorted and stopped complaining. 
Elisa attempted to distract Julia. "Look, grandma. These are your favorite flowers." 
Julia looked toward where Elisa pointed and was surprised. "Oh, I did not notice they planted these flowers by the roadside." 
Elisa smiled. "It might be Grandpa's instruction. He dotes on you a lot…" 
Elisa felt stronger guilt as she said that. If Julia did not frequently argue with Darren for her sake, she wouldn't have to been infuriated often, which caused her condition to deteriorate… 
Elisa took a deep breath as her eyes turned red-rimmed. 
###chapter1056
Chapter 1056
But she quickly turned her head back the next second. 
Julia was looking outside the window and did not notice Elisa's abnormal behavior. However, Gareth perceived it clearly, and his face clouded over. 
One could not tell if it was due to his dissatisfaction with Elisa or concern about Julia. 
Elisa gathered herself together quickly so she could behave like normal when Julia turned to speak to her. 
They had a pleasant chat while on the way to the hospital. 
Elisa had complicated emotions, and her heart pounded heavily when Julia entered the examination room. Gareth accompanied Julia during the checkup too. 
Julia asked, "Why is Darren not here yet?" 
Usually, Darren would always come with Julia for every checkup. She did not ask the question earlier, thinking Darren might be on his way, but she found it strange that he had not arrived even when the checkup was about to begin. 
Gareth answered calmly, "Grandpa will be an hour late. He has some matters to attend to." 
Julia trusted Gareth and nodded in response. 
She smiled when both Elisa and Gareth came in with her. "It's just a normal checkup. You don't have to
come in with me. Just wait for me outside." 
Julia did not notice anything off while Elisa held her hand with a smile. "Grandma, I promised to stay with you. I can't eat my words." 
Julia's heart almost melted hearing Elisa's thoughtful response. She grinned and nodded. "Sure, sure. Stay here with me then." 
In contrast, she completely disregarded Gareth. 
With that, the examination began. Elisa added two tests to the list after checking it. 
Julia was the only patient in the hospital, so it did not take long before the result was released. 
While a nurse escorted Julia to the washroom, Gareth and Elisa met the doctor. 
Elisa's face was as pale as a sheet when she saw the report. The doctors, too, wore solemn expressions. 
When Gareth read the report to realize Julia was diagnosed with terminal-stage lung cancer, his mind went blank. 
Terminal-stage lung cancer… How can this happen? 
Terminal-stage lung cancer… How can this happen? 
Elisa was trembling and tongue-tied. 
Perceiving that Gareth was aware of the result too, the doctors did not comment because Julia might return anytime soon. 
Gareth inhaled deeply and uttered, "Do not reveal this result to anyone." 
The doctors nodded cautiously. If Julia discovered the truth and could not take the hit, she could… 
They could not imagine what might happen. 
Soon, Julia came back from the washroom. 
She was not alerted when she saw Gareth and Elisa gathering with the doctors. After all, she was always well-loved and given attention by the family. 
She looked at Gareth and Elisa with a beam. "Shall we go?" 
She was confident the result was satisfactory because she had always been healthy. 
Gareth gazed at Elisa and said, "Send Grandma home first. I need to attend to some other matters."
###chapter1057
Chapter 1057
Looking thoughtful, Elisa paused briefly before approaching Gareth. The latter stood still with a frown. 
Then, Elisa spoke softly at a volume only audible to Gareth. "Please wait for me to return." 
Her tone was serious and firm. 
Gareth lifted his brows but did not answer. 
Worrying that Julia would notice something was off, Elisa said with a smile, "Grandma, let's go." 
"Okay." 
With that, Elisa escorted Julia to the car and drove her home. 
She drove at a faster speed than usual but in a steady manner. Neither did she violate the traffic rules. 
She feigned a cheerful look and chattered with Julia, but no one knew how distressed she was. 
Elisa felt guilty when she perceived that Julia was keen to continue chatting upon arriving home. 
However, for Julia's sake, she could not waste more time. So, she suppressed her dismay and said to Julia, "Grandma, I just received a text from my colleague. I might have to leave first." 
Julia nodded in understanding. "Sure, go ahead. Come and visit me again when you're free." 
Elisa nodded with a beam and left. 
Julia walked Elisa out to the foyer. Elisa did not stop her because the car was in the garage. After getting into Gareth's car, she forced a perfect smile and waved at Julia. 
"Bye, Grandma," Elisa mumbled in the car, so Julia could not hear her but could only see the movement of her lips. 
Julia waved back at Elisa tenderly while Elisa drove away. 
Little did Julia know tears flowed down Elisa's cheek the moment she left. 
Grandma is the only person who dotes on me the most through these years. She always looks out for me, but now… 
Elisa took a deep breath. The diagnosis did not signify the end of Julia's life. As long as she maintained an optimistic attitude, there were ways to prolong her life. 
Elisa sped at high speed when heading back to the hospital. She was eager to know the latest situation, so she immediately called Gareth after getting into the car. 
Unlike before, Gareth did not reject her call but picked it up quickly. 
Without waiting for Gareth to say anything, Elisa asked, "Did the doctors suggest any treatment plan?" 
"They can only pursue conservative treatment because Grandma is advanced in age." Gareth sounded apathetic, but Elisa knew it was his pretense. 
She inhaled deeply in an attempt to keep calm. "There's another way." 
"What?" Gareth was confused, yet his tone was tinged with caution and anticipation. 
Eliza had surprised him with various miracles on several occasions. So, Gareth became hopeful. 
Elisa suppressed her sorrow and uttered seriously. "Please wait for me, and don't leave first." 
With that, she hung up the call.
###chapter1058
Chapter 1058
Elisa arrived at the spot after some time of waiting. 
The medical professionals remained present. They were conversing at that moment. 
Edgar had his hands tucked away in his pockets as he sat on the edge of the desk. He had a cold yet mournful expression. 
He carefully turned his head and looked at Elisa when he spotted her. 
Elisa pursed her lips, her eyes redder than when she left. The doctors glanced at Elisa and then looked away. They all knew that Elisa and Julia had a good relationship. 
She took a deep breath and walked up to Edgar. He had not spoken, and she didn't know what he wanted her to arrange. She looked at him and asked softly, "Have you talked to your father about this matter?" 
"Not yet," Edgar replied with a gloomy aura. He was no longer as indifferent as before when dealing with Elisa. 
Elisa's gaze flickered, and she knew it was time to stop delaying. She looked at Edgar and said earnestly, "Do you trust me? If you do, then let me handle your grandmother's treatment." 
Edgar's gaze suddenly lifted, and he stared straight at Elisa. He didn't say a word. 
Elisa continued, "Trust me, I can make your grandmother live. It's possible to delay her pain and regain her quality of life." 
"If there is enough time, perhaps..." Elisa suddenly stopped speaking because she had not wholly figured everything out yet. All her experiments were still in the stage of further speculation. 
Edgar continued to stare at Elisa. 
At that moment, his gaze softened. He was calm and indifferent. However, Elisa knew that Edgar was hiding his emotions. He had always had a deep affection for his grandmother. 
Edgar asked, "What, perhaps?" 
Elisa took a deep breath and shook her head. "I cannot be sure right now. All I can do is try my best. Edgar, trust me." 
As soon as she finished speaking, another person suddenly entered the office. Elisa turned her head and saw Jeremy walking over with a severe expression. Seeing Elisa there, he was not surprised. He nodded lightly to the two of them and walked to the doctor, picking up the test results. 
Edgar did not speak and continued to stand there. However, his gaze was fixed on Jeremy. Jeremy looked through all the test results and then turned to look at Edgar. 
Edgar did not say a word but turned and walked out. 
Because Jeremy had already completed reading the information, and Edgar didn't have much faith in the other physicians, only in Jeremy. Elisa and Jeremy followed without giving it any thought. Yet now Edgar trusted Elisa too, which made him hesitate. 
The fact that Julia's illness was already in the middle and late stages suffices to demonstrate how quickly the disease was still spreading. Although having already checked, they failed to find it. If it were put off any longer, the body would only worsen, and Julia's lifespan would inevitably end. 
They soon arrived at Edgar's opulent office in this building. 
When Jeremy shut the door, Edgar spoke a startling, profound sentence, "How much time is left." 
He needed to know how long Julia could live. 
Jeremy pursed his lips, "The elderly woman is already old. I can't predict how long she will live. All I can do is give her as much extra time as possible. Two years shouldn't be a problem if her mental state is steady."
###chapter1059
Chapter 1059
Elisa furrowed her brows and remained silent. 
Edgar looked at Elisa, "What makes you think I should trust you?" 
Jeremy's eyes flickered, not entirely understanding what Edgar meant. He unconsciously looked towards Elisa, who stood not far from them. 
Elisa looked bothered, not because of Edgar's question but because of Julia's illness. After a moment of hesitation, she spoke, "Because I'm the Mystic Orchid." 
Elisa said her words carefully and gently. 
The looks on Jeremy and Edgar's turned into shock. 
Jeremy was the first to speak. "Truly? Are you the Orchid?" 
Elisa remained silent and just stared calmly at Jeremy. 
Edgar appeared to be struggling to come up with a response at this time. She had been closely locking her focus on her after Jeremy had posed this question since she didn't want to miss any expression on her face. 
Mystic Orchid. 
The orchid signifies a lowly yet simple and altruistic symbol in flower language. It blooms in the spring and gives the world a feeling of renewal by adding vibrant hues, yet it is not extravagant. It appears like
a little plant and gently blooms to reveal its beauty. 
Furthermore, the orchid stands for selflessness since it is more than a flower; its seeds can be used to extract oil, which has a variety of purposes and medicinal worth. Moreover, the Mystic Orchid possesses the power of vitality. 
Elisa paused. She replied, "Yes, I am the Orchid. The one who disappeared long ago." 
Jeremy was stunned. 
After his shock, his eyes projected hope. He immediately looked at Edgar and said, "Edgar, the Mystic Orchid disappeared, but she was rumored to decode cancer!" 
His voice had a hint of excitement. 
If Mystic Orchid intervenes, perhaps his grandmother can be saved! 
He didn't say it, but his eyes expressed the thought. 
Edgar's emotions were mixed. His heartbeat quickened. 
After a pause, she looked at Elisa again, "Can you save her?" 
Elisa took a deep breath and responded truthfully, "Even though my experiment still needs some improvement, I've reached quite close. Please grant me more time to treat her with preventative measures and postpone her illness." 
Edgar said, "I'll go with you! Let's go now." 
Jeremy cried, "Yes, help us!" 
Jeremy nodded without any ion. He looked at Elisa, "Just let me know if you need my help. I'll try not to cause trouble for you." 
Elisa nodded, "Okay, I'll start now. Here is an address. You both head there first. I need to collect something first." 
She also waved the car keys in her hand at Edgar, "I'll drive." 
Without giving Edgar a chance to respond, she walked out and sent him the address of her base. 
Edgar and Jeremy proceeded to leave in a straight line. Edgar didn't ask the question in a severe tone until they were in Jeremy's car, "Can the Orchid really save my grandmother?" 
###chapter1060
Chapter 1060
"I believe in her!" 
Jeremy wore a severe expression. "You must know about the Orchid. She is a top expert in the medical field, and many people could only dream of meeting her. The Orchid's contribution even created myths around her. She has done many good deeds and saved many people, but she is only one person. Being human comes with limits. She can't save everyone in the world." 
Edgar remained silent. He listened quietly. 
Jeremy continued, "The Orchid's skills were said to be divine. She could reanimate even those who had stopped breathing and appeared dead. She can save them from the clutches of death if she wants to. While exceptional, she has maintained a low profile for a long time. Even those who have met her are unaware of her identity and have never seen her face. Yet here they are, right in front of us! Edgar, your grandmother still has hope...." 
He wanted to speak further, but Edgar abruptly cut him off, "She said she's still researching." 
"She didn't claim she failed. Elisa merely stated she was doing a study. No one would speak up if there weren't enough assurances, but did you realize that close for the Orchid translates to a eureka for an average person!" 
Edgar held his tongue briefly as his heart raced, and even the veins on his forehead pulsed. He had never before seen eyes so cold. 
How many times has she lied to him? 
How many disguises does she have left? 
This woman! 
Why is she a mystery from head to toe? 
Even though their relationship had been strained in recent years, they grew up together and could be considered childhood sweethearts, but he still felt like he had not entirely understood her. 
The admiration in Jeremy's eyes had not completely disappeared, but he couldn't help but glance at Edgar, who had been silent all along. He, who never spoke about heartfelt matters, suddenly said, "Edgar, missing out on her is truly the biggest regret of your life. She is the Orchid. Why are you this reserved?" 
Edgar pursed his lips and said nothing. 
Jeremy added, "I never imagined that the Orchid, the one I've been trying to find for all these years, has been by your side all along!" 
Mystic Orchid, the name that ringed awe in public. Her abilities were notorious. 
Elisa always had a reasonably consistent personality. She would directly attest that she was Mystic Orchid and always had a great connection with Julia. She would never make such jokes since, once Jeremy acknowledged that she was Mystic Orchid, she would undoubtedly stop interfering in this situation and instead, at most, serve as a supplemental aide. 
If... 
If it weren't for Julia's situation, Jeremy might still be grateful to have met Elisa and be able to be her assistant and follower. 
The reason was not that he, a huge guy, lacked moral courage but rather because Mystic Orchid was a deity. 
Edgar kept quiet. It was unclear if he had yet to comprehend the information or was experiencing complex emotions due to Elisa's abrupt disclosure of this other persona. Only Jeremy never stopped talking. They talked about the same person, who was now racing off in her automobile. 
###chapter1061
Chapter 1061
She remembered something and called James again. 
He answered his phone immediately. 
"Elisa?" 
"Mr. Markee, I have a favor to ask of you now." 
He smiled affectionately. "Darling, you can just say it whenever you have any requests. There's no need to be shy." 
Elisa was not in a good mood at that moment. 
She was not interested in making small talk. She continued, "I already have plans for collaborating with Darcey Group. But I won't be able to oversee it all the time. You'll have to help me in the meantime." 
"Did something happen recently, Elisa?" His voice was filled with concern. "What do you need me to help with?" 
James was sincere in offering her help and was not asking her out of courtesy. 
She quickly replied, "It's fine. I can deal with it myself. But I'll have to trouble you about this." 
"That's not a problem. You can count on me." 
"Alright, then. I have something to attend to now. I'll send the documents to you later." 
"Sure. I'll let you get on with your work." Elisa hummed in reply and ended the call. 
She made a beeline for her things and rushed to the gathering point. 
Gareth and Jeremy were already there. 
Jeremy took a few steps forward eagerly when he saw Elisa's car. 
Mystic Orchid was his role model. 
He had always hoped to meet them in person. 
Gareth and Vincent had heard his unending praise of Mystic Orchid. Everyone knew his admiration for the person. 
"You're here." Jeremy tried his best to control his exhilaration. 
Gareth turned to Jeremy slowly. Jeremy was usually calm and composed. Yet today, he was visibly spirited. 
On the other hand, Elisa did not know much about Jeremy and was unaware of his feelings. She gave him a nod calmly. Giving Gareth a glance, she parted her lips to speak but changed her mind. She opened the locks, and they went into the place. 
She explained as they walked in, "You'll change your clothes later. Rest assured that they are all new. Listen to my instructions when you enter, and don't touch anything." 
Those words were meant for Gareth. Jeremy was a doctor. He would know that certain things should never be touched. 
Gareth, on the other hand. 
Elisa knew that he would not simply do anything. But she was worried that he would be overly concerned and cause interference with the experiment. 
"Don't worry," Jeremy replied obediently. 
Gareth shot Jeremy another look. 
They changed their clothes within moments. 
The base covered a sizable area. 
It seemed to be no less than a thousand square meters at a glance. 
There were partitions dividing it into different areas. 
Some areas were for displays and experiments. There was even a demonstration area and an area for contingencies. 
Jeremy acted like someone seeing the world for the first time as he looked around in awe. 
Although he was not a stranger to these things, he could not help but observe and reflect on things he
needed to improve. After all, it was the workplace of his role model. 
Gareth kept silent as he looked around the place and turned his attention back to Elisa. 
###chapter1062
Chapter 1062
Elisa stayed composed as she entered the experimentation area. She looked at Jeremy. "Shall I explain my progress so far?" 
Jeremy was taken aback. He knew she would explain the experiment but was still surprised, nonetheless. 
"Sure." 
Elisa nodded and pointed toward the things on the table. 
Their eyes followed her line of sight and spotted a round glass flask. 
Elisa introduced it again. "This liquid here is…" 
She continued to explain a list of things. Her gloved hands gestured about as she instructed them. 
Gareth, who could not help much, only listened earnestly to her explanations. 
Jeremy, on the other hand, served Elisa closely. He wanted to save Julia, but at that moment, he wanted to help Elisa with her research more. It was almost as if the desire to help his role model in her research overwhelmed his desire to save Julia. 
Gareth stood to the side. He was not an expert in the area and had no idea what could be done with the things before him. 
Even when Elisa and Jeremy were discussing, the technical terms they used were gibberish to him. 
He suddenly felt the gaping distance between him and Elisa. 
She was right before his eyes. But he had never looked at her properly before. 
Gareth watched as she lowered down and handled the liquids in the flasks. He pursed his lips silently, feeling helpless and anxious. 
If it were not for his grandmother, he would probably still be in the dark about this side of Elisa. 
How many more secrets does she still hold? 
He moved to a chair nearby. Watching them as they worked tirelessly, he suddenly felt foolish. 
It was absurd that he had always thought of her as just a woman blinded with greed. The way he cast her away like a pair of worn-out shoes was ludicrous. 
"It's almost done!" Jeremy yelled excitedly. 
Gareth was pulled back to reality and held his gaze on Elisa. He was waiting for Elisa's confirmation. 
Elisa looked at the flask fixedly. She hesitated and took a breath. "I… I'm not sure." 
"It will definitely work! You have been researching this for so long. With the deduction and experimentation earlier, I'm confident there won't be any problems!!" Jeremy's eyes were filled with anticipation. He believed in Elisa. 
Even if Elisa can't do it, Mystic Orchid could! There's nothing that Mystic Orchid can't do! Nothing at all! 
Gareth suddenly felt nervous. Jeremy turned to Gareth. "It all depends on this last step if we can save Grandma! If we succeed, Grandma will survive!" 
Gareth looked at Elisa. 
Elisa pressed her lips together. Her hand was trembling. "I failed seventeen times before this. It took me half a year. That's why I'm hesitating with this last step. If this fails, I'll have to start over again. I… I don't know…" 
Gareth noticed the anxiousness in her voice. His husky voice rang across the place. "Let's leave it to fate." 
###chapter1063
Chapter 1063
Elisa's gaze flickered, and her eyes shifted to meet Gareth's gentle expression. As he spoke to her moments before, his voice carried a soothing tone that was able to calm her down. 
Jeremy interjected, "That's right. At moments like these, we can only leave it up to fate. But I have a feeling that you will succeed this time." 
Elisa's smile had a bitter tinge to it. "If it's successful this time, it might be your luck." 
"Nah, it's definitely yours. Let's begin, shall we?" He replied instantly. 
Gareth got up and walked to Elisa without a hint of the oppressive air he had been carrying. 
"No matter the outcome of the results, we must bear it. Even though we had seventeen failures in half a year, we still have time." 
Elisa took a deep breath to keep her emotions in check. 
"Let's begin," Gareth encouraged softly. 
Without any hesitation, she mixed both liquids together. 
One was a medicine they had just invented, while the other contained cancerous cells. 
If the cancerous cells could be exterminated, this attempt would be considered successful, and they could proceed with the next experiment. 
Under Gareth and Jeremy's expectant gazes, the liquid mixed well together. 
Elisa drew a deep breath before saying, "We have to wait fifteen minutes for them to fully integrate." 
"Okay," Gareth replied. 
He seemed gentle and calming that day. An outsider might assume it was because of Julia that he gave in to Elisa's approach and even encouraged her humbly. 
In fact, even Elisa had similar thoughts. 
Nevertheless, Jeremy thought otherwise. He knew that Gareth's behavior and attitude were purely because of Elisa. He wanted to calm her down and ease her worry. It had nothing to do with Julia. 
Jeremy knew that Gareth cared a lot about Elisa. I wonder when he will come to his senses about that. 
He shot another gaze at Gareth, whose focus was entirely on Elisa. Heaving an internal sigh, he retracted his gaze. 
It's not the time to talk about this now. 
Elisa stood frozen in front of the two cylinders, not daring to budge an inch as if the cancerous cells might replicate uncontrollably as soon as she moved. 
She pursed her lips and clenched her fists tightly subconsciously. 
Soon, seconds and minutes passed. 
After taking many breaths, fifteen minutes were finally up. 
Gazing at the container filled with liquid, she took a slight breath before saying, "I… will start now." 
She was going to observe if the cancerous cells were exterminated. 
Gareth didn't even spare his gaze from the container. He looked into her nervous and conflicted eyes and said, "Take it easy." 
Elisa pursed her lips again as she nodded. 
She changed into a new pair of gloves and took a dropper to draw the liquid to a petri dish. 
Then, she took another deep breath. 
Jeremy remained immobile. He said nothing apart from, "I believe this is it – mark my words! It's going to be a success this time!" 
After all, having seventeen failures within half a year was not easy for Mystic Orchid either. 
After seventeen failures, I'm sure this is the conclusion. Her attempt is going to be successful this time! 
Elisa remained silent as she slowly crouched to look into the microscope. 
###chapter1064
Chapter 1064
I hope this is going to be successful. I really hope we can save Grandma! Elisa repeated such thoughts over and over again in her mind. 
The anxiety that had been muted by Gareth just now had just returned. 
She inhaled deeply before looking at the results carefully. 
From Gareth's point of view, he could see how tense her entire body was. 
"How is it?" Jeremy asked anxiously. 
Elisa had been peering at the microscope lens for two minutes without any response. 
She seemed to be at a loss for words as she straightened her back. Then, she spoke rigidly. 
"Take a look yourself." She sounded uncertain, doubting what she had just seen. 
Jeremy couldn't decipher her grave expression if the attempt were successful or not. 
Since Elisa gave way to him, he walked over and looked at the microscope. 
Meanwhile, Gareth remained silent as he looked at Jeremy solemnly. 
Within ten seconds, Jeremy, who had been mature and dour, suddenly let out a yelp of excitement. 
"It's successful! It's successful!" He repeated the second time with more excitement in his voice. 
Shock flitted across Gareth's eyes, swiftly replaced by an expression of incredulity. 
He quickly glanced at Elisa, waiting for her reply. 
Right after that, Jeremy stood up and looked at Elisa excitedly. "You're amazing!" 
He was on the verge of addressing her as 'master' but refrained from doing so due to her youth and status as Gareth's former wife. 
Gareth froze momentarily before asking nervously, "Really?" 
"Yes!" Jeremy exclaimed again. 
He had been saying that a few times in pleasant surprise and shock. 
Gareth's gaze fell on Elisa, waiting for her to say something as if he couldn't believe it without hearing from her. 
He used to trust Jeremy entirely in the past, but now he wanted another confirmation. 
Elisa inhaled sharply before replying solemnly, "I… can be one hundred percent sure about this. We must extract some cancerous cells from patients to test it again." 
"Of course! But that is just an experiment. We still need to do a live test on patients…" 
His voice trailed away. 
This might involve the sacrifice of some lives. 
Even though countless people had given up on treatments because they couldn't afford them, it was still not a solution. 
If it were successful, it would be great; if it failed, it might shorten the lifespan of the patients. 
After all, everything was unpredictable. 
"Let's think about that later and extract the cancerous cells first," Elisa said. 
Jeremy had no ion, so Gareth quickly called to ask Thomas to settle this. 
Suddenly, Gareth recalled a moment after his divorce from Elisa. 
It was quite late at night when he was returning from his office. 
He didn't go back to where he lived with Elisa; he only returned there a few times. 
Instead, he returned to the mansion he had lived in for a long time. 
Suddenly, his phone rang. He shot a glance at it and picked it up.
###chapter1065
Chapter 1065
"Where are you?" Jeremy asked while driving. 
Meanwhile, Vincent's exuberant voice rang. "Would you like to have fun tonight?" 
Jeremy laughed. "Can't you survive a night without women?" 
Gareth pressed his lips together before replying, "I'm home." 
"Okay. We'll be there in fifteen minutes." 
There wasn't any reply from Gareth, and the call hung up right after. 
Just like Jeremy stated, they arrived after fifteen minutes. 
He was a punctual person who would arrive right on the dot. Apart from his good friends, he couldn't tolerate other people being late. 
They both came through the door one after another and saw Gareth sitting on the couch morosely. 
Vincent teased him playfully, "Are you too stressed lately? Or is it because you don't have anyone to vent it on?" 
Jeremy's lips twitched. "Do you think everyone is as dependent on women as you?" 
Vincent snorted. "Bullsh*t! Love is such a glorious thing!" 
Gareth shot a cool glance at him, making him chuckle. "Alright, alright. I won't say anymore. It's just a joke – why take it so seriously? So, what are your plans now? Since you are divorced now, are you going to marry her cousin?" 
Jeremy arched an eyebrow at Gareth quietly. 
"No," Gareth replied indifferently. 
However, Vincent was shocked to hear that. "Isn't she your life savior? I heard your old man even announce the news. He likes Linda a lot, and everyone thinks Elisa is the mistress who puts the blame on other people. She and her father were scheming this. I don't think there's any problem if you marry Linda since everything is already in place." 
Gareth's face darkened. He no longer wanted to discuss this topic. 
Jeremy looked at him in shock. "The article that Old Mr. Wickam wanted to release was suddenly removed. Is that your doing?" 
Vincent was sitting right opposite Gareth. Crossing his legs, he looked at Jeremy. "Are you kidding? How is it possible?" 
By that time, everyone knew Elisa's character and how much Gareth was annoyed by her. Since she made a few faux pas that disgraced the Wickam family, they couldn't believe that Gareth was still defending her. 
With that reasoning in mind, Vincent commented disdainfully, "Gareth is out of his mind." 
Jeremy's expression suddenly changed as the temperature in the room seemed to drop several degrees. 
With Gareth's gaze on him, Vincent shuddered and looked at him incredulously. 
"Bro, was it really you? Are you nuts, opposing your old man?" 
Gareth replied coldly, "If it's released to the public, how do you think our reputation will become?" 
Vincent was stumped for a moment before nodding his head. "You're right. If it were to be exposed to the public, it shows that the Wickam family was as good as blind back then." 
Jeremy remained silent. 
Though it made sense, he felt that things weren't as simple as Gareth made them be. Nevertheless, he shot Gareth a contemplative look without bursting his bubble. 
Vincent was unable to be quiet. He continued, "Even if you removed the news, it's already common knowledge. Rumors are flying around like wildfire nowadays. Even the share prices of Wickam Group are fluctuating these days. How are you dealing with this?" 
Gareth remained silent, obviously not having any strategy yet.
###chapter1066
Chapter 1066
Jeremy changed the topic. "Here, let me do a check-up on you." 
He took out his stethoscope and started examining Gareth. 
Jeremy was a successful young man interested in medicine despite having a huge family fortune. He opened a private hospital that was full of people every day. 
Gareth remained still. Though Vincent was cracking jokes moments ago, he suddenly looked solemn and worried as he watched Gareth. 
Jeremy's nonchalant attitude slowly darkened the more he examined Gareth. In the end, he let go of Gareth, who remained silent. 
Vincent couldn't help it anymore and burst out loud, "You keep pulling a long face all the time. Can you look happier for us just this once?" 
However, Jeremy's expression became increasingly solemn. Frowning, he said, "The most I can do is delay it by a year. If you don't take my advice and cooperate with the treatment, you will definitely have a relapse." 
Vincent's face changed immediately. "A year? Only a year left?" 
Jeremy ignored him and spoke to Gareth seriously. "Gareth, you have to take care of yourself – no one will do that for you. I have told you the consequences of relapse more than once. You know very well what's in store for you." 
Vincent gritted his teeth. "A relapse! If that happens, there are even less than three months left!" 
Jeremy looked at him gravely. "This is just my deductions for the time being. If you continue overworking yourself, perhaps you can't even last six months. Previously, I told you that you had two more years." 
It was entirely Gareth's own doing that the time was halved. 
Vincent flared up. "F*ck! Can't you take better care of your own health? Have you considered how we feel if you die?" 
Vincent was cavalier and flamboyant but loyal to his friends, especially Gareth. 
He had thought of everything he could to help, but Jeremy just announced that there was not much time left. 
Jeremy was an excellent doctor who was already at his peak. There were only a few better than him. 
But even he was at wit's end, showing how bad Gareth's condition was. 
Nevertheless, Gareth looked calmer than the other two, as though he had already predicted such an outcome. 
After a pause, he said, "I have many things I would like to do. Think of some ways to make it two years." 
"Two years?" Jeremy, who had been good-natured, lost control and snorted sarcastically. "Who do you think you are? Do you think extending your life by two years is easy?" 
Gareth pressed his lips together in a thin line without speaking. 
Vincent was also annoyed by his attitude. "From today onwards, you can't throw yourself at work entirely. Previously, we didn't want you to lose all your motivation. Yet, now you are putting your life on the line!" 
Jeremy said calmly, "It's not the worst. I don't have a solution, but others might have, especially that person." 
"Who? Let's contact him immediately," Vincent burst out anxiously. 
"Mystic Orchid." 
The name propelled Vincent into silence instantly. 
No one knew if Mystic Orchid was a man or a woman, but this person was the best doctor in the world. There was once a critically ill patient whom no one could save. Still, Mystic Orchid successfully resuscitated them, pulling them back from the grim reaper's hands. 
However, Mystic Orchid seemed to have disappeared into thin air. No one knew if they were dead or alive.
###chapter1067
Chapter 1067
It was impossible to find Mystic Orchid. 
Vincent had attempted to track them down, but it was futile. 
The hope that had ignited within him was short-lived. He punched the couch in despair. 
Jeremy said calmly, "Since you have many things you want to do, cherish your time. Insufficient rest and emotional turbulence will only make it worse and shorten your lifespan." 
He was not exaggerating just to scare Gareth. 
"Understood," Gareth replied. 
"Understood? What the f*ck do you understand?" Vincent leaped up, immediately speaking in a grave tone. "Gareth, leave all your work and get your treatment done with Jeremy. Meanwhile, I'll try to hunt Mystic Orchid down and get that person to cure you!" 
Jeremy passed a bottle of medicine to Gareth. "Take this for the time being. Don't stay up late and overexert yourself." 
Just when Vincent was about to forbid him from working, Jeremy said coolly, "Don't you know his stubbornness? Do you think he will listen?" 
Vincent's face darkened. 
"I'll ask my people to look for Mystic Orchid immediately!" 
Since it was impossible to make Gareth take their advice, he only had this option. 
Jeremy shot a glance at Vincent's back before patting Gareth's shoulders. 
"Take care. You're not alone – you have your family and friends." 
With that, he left without waiting for Gareth to reply. 
In no time, Gareth was the only one remaining in the room. He sat on the couch stonily without moving. 
I only have a year left? 
He narrowed his eyes and left the room. 
… 
The flashback stopped there. 
He looked at Elisa and Jeremy, who were waiting for the new samples and returned to his senses. Then, he walked to Elisa and sat down next to her. 
She was quiet all along, still looking tense. 
Jeremy was still jittery about having the opportunity to do such significant research with his idol. On top of that, they even succeeded. 
This is exhilarating! 
He paused before looking at Gareth's calm face. 
"Your grandmother is going to be saved. Many other people could benefit from this too," he said softly. 
Elisa didn't interrupt his sentence; meanwhile, Gareth turned to him. 
"They could?" 
Jeremy shook his head. "Judging from the current result, as long as it's not the final stage, there shouldn't be any problems. Even in the mid-final stage, there's hope to be cured." 
Elisa remained silent, not daring to say anything since she was unsure at that moment. 
Gareth shot a glance at her before retracting his gaze. 
Silence resumed in the big room as though it was empty. They couldn't even hear each other's breathing; they merely sat silently without moving. 
As time passed, Thomas finally arrived with many samples. 
Gareth went to meet him. Since he didn't change into scrubs, he wasn't allowed to enter the lab. 
Even now, he had no idea what was happening; he was following Gareth's instructions. 
After everything was settled, Gareth said, "Ask a few people to stand by at the hospital. They might
need to send some stuff over. And you can just stay here to keep in touch with them. That's all for now." 
###chapter1068
Chapter 1068
Thomas was still in the dark, but he still agreed politely. Finally, after watching Gareth reenter the lab, he retracted his gaze and returned to the car to wait. 
Time was slowly slipping through their fingers. As Elisa and Jeremy did the tests, Gareth watched them from the side. 
Though he couldn't do anything to help, he didn't dare to shift his gaze from them. He was worried that he might spot a hint of disappointment, yet he knew he had to watch on. 
He saw Jeremy heaving a sigh of relief after finishing a series of tests. 
Even though Elisa remained impassive, he could tell a thing or two from her expression. 
He remained silent all the time, not wanting to distract them. 
After three hours, they finished the tests for all the samples brought by Thomas. 
Thomas and the rest of the people involved were waiting for more instructions. 
However, there wasn't any news from Gareth, making them tense. 
Elisa slowly straightened her back and looked at Gareth, who had been focusing on her. 
"We're done with these samples." 
"And?" He stared into her eyes. 
After a moment of hesitation, she replied, "They are all very successful. We could proceed further, but…" 
She suddenly didn't know how to continue her sentence. 
Knowing what was going through her mind, Jeremy voiced her panic and fears. 
"The experiments we are doing now are fine. But they are just samples, after all. In the next step, we need to do actual tests on cancer patients. If it's successful, everything is perfect. But if it fails, we might worsen the disease and shorten their lifespans." 
Elisa pursed her lips and sighed. She couldn't bring herself to do that. 
If I have cancer, I will test it on myself without hesitation. But… I can't do this to Grandma. She doesn't have a lot of time left. What if… 
She didn't dare to finish the thought. 
"Let me do it." 
"You?" She looked at him, not comprehending what he meant. 
Is he saying that he will be responsible for finding cancer patients willing to undergo the test? 
Elisa didn't know what to ask him, but she felt he shouldn't do that. 
"No!" Jeremy's firm reply brought her back to her senses. 
He was opposed to the idea from the bottom of his heart. 
Elisa was dumbfounded. Things seemed to be different from what she initially thought. 
She turned to Jeremy, who was staring coldly at Gareth. 
"I can't let you take this risk, no matter what." 
The confusion thickened in Elisa. "What are you guys talking about?" 
What does that mean? Even if Gareth were to find patients, he would just ask Thomas to do it. He doesn't even need to show up. And I'm sure many people will want to try it out of desperation. What is the risk Jeremy refers to?
###chapter1069
Chapter 1069
Elisa had no idea what was going on. 
Gareth looked at her and pursed his lips. Before he could say anything, Jeremy spoke. 
"I won't let you take this risk no matter what you say. Since we have already reached this stage, things will be worse if it's not successful. Even if your grandma doesn't know this, she will be devastated and…" 
He didn't finish his sentence, but his point was quite clear. 
Even if Julia didn't know the reason behind Gareth's death, it was enough to exacerbate her disease and ultimately lead to her death. 
Elisa's frown deepened. Although Gareth didn't explain anything to her, his gaze seemed colder. 
She had a good guess as her gaze fell on him. 
"You…" 
She didn't know what to say. 
Keeping his gaze on Jeremy, Gareth replied, "There's no need to experiment on others." Then, he looked at Elisa. "Let me try." 
Elisa frowned as she reached out to Gareth and grabbed his arm. 
Jeremy's lips were pressed together tightly. 
She retracted her hand briefly, looking at Gareth's calm face incredulously. 
"When did this happen?" she asked after inhaling sharply. 
"Two years," he responded peacefully. 
"Two years," she repeated, stunned. She was completely unaware of this. 
His stomach… 
Nevertheless, Gareth ignored how she felt after hearing the sudden revelation and pressed on the matter further. "Shall we begin?" 
"Have you… really thought it through?" She asked uncertainly with a flicker of doubt. 
"There's no one better than me to try this for Grandma. Apart from that…" He paused and looked at her with such gentleness before continuing in his deep, magnetic voice. "I trust you." 
That was all he told her. 
The last three words came from the bottom of his heart. 
Upon sensing his deep trust in her, Elisa took a deep breath. 
The amount of trust was slightly overwhelming, making her feel pressured. 
She heaved a small sigh without replying to him. 
At that point, Jeremy interjected darkly, "No matter what, I won't allow you to do this. I have a relative with the same disease. She's already at the final stage and can't eat anything. Perhaps she won't even last for the next few days. We can let her try." 
Elisa immediately chipped in, "Yes. That's fine." 
Gareth frowned and turned to him. "You're not lying, are you?" 
"There's nothing for me to lie here. I've been following up with them all this while. Let me contact them now." 
With that, he pulled out his phone and called his cousin. It was picked up in no time. 
They could even hear the reply from the other end as they were huddled up closely together. 
"Hey Jeremy, what's up?" 
"Sam, I have a sudden solution for your mom. We could try that out, but I can't guarantee if it will be successful…"
###chapter1070
Chapter 1070
Sam was his cousin, who was around the same age. Hence, his mother, Nory, was only in her fifties. 
"Is it true? Do you really have a solution, Jeremy?" 
Jeremy heaved a small sigh. "So far, the experimental results are successful, but I can't guarantee that it really works on her." 
"It's fine! We have to give it a try. Who knows if it might help? After all, my mom…" 
He exhaled wearily. 
"Let's go over now," Jeremy quickly suggested. 
"Oh, thanks a lot for this. We owe you a great deal, Jeremy!" 
Jeremy looked conflicted. "Not at all. We also would like to experiment with this on your mom. We are very grateful for this opportunity." 
"We're the ones who are grateful. Other people might not even have the opportunity to give it a try. What if it's successful? Mom might be cured! If it fails… Well, she doesn't have much time left." 
After a pause, Sam replied, "She can't eat anything right now, and she's been unable to sleep, either. She's really in great suffering." 
Jeremy sighed. "Sure. We'll be right there in an hour." 
"Cool. I'll be waiting. Thanks again, Jeremy!" 
"You're welcome." 
After they were done with the pleasantries, Jeremy hung up and looked at the other two. 
"Let's go over now." 
"Let me pack some stuff." 
With that, Elisa brought a bunch of medicines and syringes. 
After everything was ready, they set out. 
Since the patient was on the verge of dying, it was not recommended for her to come over. 
Though everything was well-equipped in the lab, it was also quite a hassle to get there. On top of that, Elisa didn't want others to know about this place. 
This time around, Thomas was still their driver, but he was not confused anymore. 
He knew that the health checks for Granny Nory weren't usually conducted that day; it was brought forward hastily. On top of that, they required many cancerous cell samples. Putting two and two together, he had a fair guess of what had been going on. 
However, it was not the time to ask about that. 
As he sped away, no one spoke in the car. 
Jeremy felt relieved that they weren't experimenting on Gareth. At the same time, he also felt hopeful about Elisa's research. 
As a fellow doctor, he also dreamed of such a cure to save more people and lessen the suffering in the world. 
He was best pals with Gareth and Vincent. Even if he weren't a doctor, he had spent much time and effort on Gareth's illness and was tormented by it. 
He didn't want to witness the death of his best friend at such a young age. 
Right now, it felt like there was hope right at the end of the tunnel. 
Each time he thought about this, he felt excited and hopeful. 
Deep in his thoughts, Gareth suddenly asked, "Didn't you say that it won't work for final-staged patients?" 
###chapter1071
Chapter 1071
Jeremy didn't reply to him, but Elisa did. 
She turned to him and explained, "It won't cure them completely, but at least it can delay the spread and extend their remaining time. We need to observe if it improves the situation. Perhaps… it might work too." 
Her voice became smaller as she finished the sentence in uncertainty. 
After all, she wasn't entirely sure about the outcome, but she wanted to let him know so he wouldn't be too worried. 
Jeremy shot a glance at Gareth. "Don't worry. I'm sure it will be successful this time as well. We have done so many experiments just now, and none of them failed. Since each time has been a success, I believe this time around it will be the same too." 
Thomas was still driving, but he shot a glance through the rearview mirror and realized that Gareth and Elisa were looking grave in the backseat. 
Judging from the topic they had been discussing, he didn't understand why Elisa was involved. 
What does she have to do with this? And why is she replying to Gareth's question about technical knowledge in medicine? What have I missed in a day? And where are they heading to? 
With the doubts in his mind, he had arrived at the destination. 
Sam was already waiting for them when they got out of the car. 
The mansion they had been living in was in the city's suburbs. With a patient in the family, they didn't want to live in the busy city. 
It was also quite a safe area. 
Upon seeing their arrival, Sam walked forward and smiled at Jeremy. "You're here." 
Then, his gaze landed on Gareth, Elisa, and Thomas. 
"They are my friends. Let's talk more once we are in the house. We'll take a look at Aunt Nory," he quickly explained. 
"Sure, sure. Come with me." 
Time was crucial, especially for cancer patients. After all, no one knew how much cancer would spread in a minute. It was best to start the treatment earlier. 
They didn't speak until they reached Granny Nory's room. 
When Elisa and the rest reached the bed, they found an emaciated woman lying there without any energy. She couldn't even open her eyes when she heard their arrival. 
The cancer had already spread in her body. She was at her limits; she couldn't move her body due to the overwhelming pain. 
It was also possible she didn't even realize their presence because of the pain. 
Sam walked to her and said, "Mom, there's hope for us!" 
Her eyelashes fluttered, but she didn't open her eyes. 
She wanted to say something but had no energy to open her mouth from the lack of food. 
As Jeremy already knew her medical reports so far, he knew she wouldn't have any rejections due to incompatibility. Hence, they could give her the injection directly. 
Elisa prepared the syringe and walked to her while Jeremy disinfected her arm. 
Sam said again, "Mom, I'm not lying to you – Jeremy is here. He found a way to alleviate your pain and cure you!" 
###chapter1072
Chapter 1072
Granny Nory's eyelashes fluttered. She meant to say, 'Stop wasting your time and let me go. I've had enough of being half-dead, half-alive, and I don't want to give my family any more trouble. Just let me die peacefully…' 
Sam seemed to know her thoughts, but he didn't provide any consolidations, knowing them to be futile. 
At last, he drew a deep breath before saying, "You may start now." 
With that, he looked at Jeremy, expecting him to carry out the following procedures. 
To his surprise, Elisa marched over with the syringe in her hand. 
When she was about to administer the shot, his gaze faltered. What is this young lady doing here? 
He glanced at Jeremy again, noticing he was just doing some disinfection work, as though he was just her assistant. 
Though confused, he was stopped by his good manners from inquiring into the matter. 
After all, Jeremy wouldn't be another person's assistant. The fact that he was willing to do so proved that Elisa was much more capable than him. 
The youngsters nowadays are so outstanding. How is it possible? 
As Elisa started the injection, nervousness started to kick in within Sam's body. He inhaled slightly and held his breath. 
Granny Nory showed no resistance at all. Not a single sound was heard from her as she was simply too ill. 
Sam watched as Elisa retracted the syringe. Seeing that she made no attempt to carry out any more steps, he took a step forward. His gaze lingered on her briefly before he turned to Jeremy. "How… long do we have to wait?" 
Is this it? 
Jeremy replied calmly, "It takes around ten minutes for the results to be revealed, but that's because it's a smaller sample. I guess it will take more time now." 
Sam nodded. He was still nervous, but there was nothing much he could do apart from waiting. 
Meanwhile, Elisa's gaze had never left Granny Nory. 
The latter was lying on the bed in a still manner. There were no signs of convulsions after the shot. 
"Let's give it more time," Elisa said simply, unsure of the outcome as well. 
It was not for Sam's sake that she made that announcement. Instead, she was telling it to Gareth, who was silent the entire time. 
Time was still fleeting. There was no reaction from Granny Nory, making them wonder if their medication was effective. 
Both Elisa and Jeremy had no clue at all. After a pause, he looked at her. 
"Would you like to have a test?" 
Elisa quickly glanced at him before replying, "Let's wait a bit more." 
Jeremy also felt that it was a bit too early. 
"Alright," he replied with a nod. 
Sam's gaze darted from Elisa to Jeremy. She really does seem more capable than Jeremy. 
Suddenly, he noticed everyone was still on their feet and slapped his head. 
"Oh, how careless I am! Take a seat, guys. Let's not stand around while waiting for the results." 
###chapter1073
Chapter 1073
Jeremy nodded, "Alright." 
Jeremy's uncle asked a few people to bring the chairs over. 
Some of them had taken their seats. 
No one had the intention of speaking. 
They just stared at the person in front of them, observing the reaction of Granny Nory. 
Another hour passed, and Jeremy couldn't take it anymore. 
His gaze fell on Elisa, and he said, "I think we can carry out the tests now." 
Elisa looked at the time on her handphone and nodded confidently, "Sure." 
Jeremy didn't want to wait any longer and stood up immediately. He was in charge of drawing blood. 
Elisa stood at the side quietly. Gareth did not leave his chair and kept his eyes fixated on Jeremy and Granny Nory 
Soon enough, Granny Nory had her blood drawn. 
Jeremy ran the tests immediately. 
They did not bring the complete equipment this time, so they could only run a minor examination. A
larger device was needed to run a thorough examination. 
Jeremy and Elisa were the ones who decided to do it by themselves without relying on anyone else. At this point, they could only trust themselves. 
They brought some equipment here to see if their intended results were achieved. If it did, they would have hope to continue to the next step. If it didn't, then… 
There would be no need to continue. 
And they could only find new people to test on. 
Jeremy was quite nervous. Even his hands were trembling. 
He had always wanted to cure Gareth, but he was at his wit's end and could only try his best to extend his time. 
Elisa had a plan. Elisa was his idol, Mystic Orchid! 
Elisa could cure them! 
Now, they were only left with the final few examinations! 
If this were to go well, then everything would be fine! 
At this thought, his heart was pumping out of his chest. He paused and looked at Elisa, "Why don't you try it?" 
Elisa was significantly more skilled than Jeremy, and his emotional state wasn't at its best. He was afraid of making any mistakes during the examination. 
Elisa nodded and walked towards him to handle the task on her own. 
Jeremy's uncle was observing everything as it happened, and his eyes looked confused. Who exactly is this young girl? 
Of course, he knew this young girl was Elisa, but… this situation confused him. 
He wasn't aware that Elisa was capable of this sort of work. 
Besides, Jeremy seemed to respect and worship Elisa from the start until the end, as if everything had to be done by Elisa. Only then he felt reassured. 
But what kind of situation is this? 
There were some things that he couldn't voice out directly. He only observed from the side and focused more on the examination results. Would this cure his mother? 
Jeremy stood beside Elisa, observing every step of the process. 
Gareth just stayed still in his seat. It was like… he wasn't concerned at all. 
Only he understood how anxious he felt at this moment. 
If it succeeded, Grandma would be okay, and he… might have a chance of survival. 
Could he survive? 
At this point, Gareth felt overwhelmed with emotions. 
Under Jeremy's observation, Elisa finally completed the examination. 
Jeremy nervously asked, "How is it?"
###chapter1074
Chapter 1074
As he asked this question, everyone looked intensely at Elisa. 
There were only a few people in the house, but the people who were watching them were not only the ones in the house. 
The family of Jeremy's uncle was all waiting outside so as not to disrupt them. 
Now… 
Everyone held their breaths to avoid missing out on Elisa's reply. 
Even though they could only view her back, they were unwilling to let go of any details. 
Seeing the results, Elisa took a deep breath and shifted her gaze onto Jeremy. She nodded confidently. "Let's proceed to the next step." 
Jeremy's eyes lit up, and he immediately walked over to Elisa to see the results. Staring at the positive results, he looked at his uncle excitedly, "Uncle, based on Grandma's situation, we can undergo the next examination. As observed, it is effective, and we can continue with the next examination! But…" 
As he was about to continue, he paused and seemingly looked troubled. 
Jeremy's uncle, Eric Chase, immediately looked at him, "Jeremy, is there something you're not telling us? We have already accepted the most difficult part. What else are you keeping from us?" 
Despite his words, Eric's gestures and expressions were hinting something else. 
He was implying that if… there was undesirable news, don't share it openly. His mother was around, and he wanted to ensure she knew there was still hope. 
Even though they had come to this point, they never gave up and kept searching for various ways to overcome this problem. 
Jeremy nodded and reassured Eric before he continued, "My concern just now was that the upcoming examinations couldn't be carried out here as we couldn't bring over the necessary equipment. Grandma will have to follow us on a short trip." 
In reality, they had to go elsewhere because they were not specialized in this area of research, and the equipment they had right now was not advanced enough. 
Eric let out a sigh of relief, "I see. Do we have to go now?" 
He was extremely cooperative. As he noticed Jeremy's excitement, it proved there was a way! 
He had interacted with Jeremy numerous times all these years, so he knew him like the back of his hand. 
From his expression just now, it was likely that his mother had a great chance of recovery. How could he miss that? 
Despite his mother's pain, he didn't want to let go of this opportunity. 
He wouldn't let the slightest chance be neglected. 
Seeing how cooperative Jeremy was, he could finally sigh with relief, "Let's get going now." 
"Alright! Can I have two people to give me a hand?" 
At his order, everyone started to get busy. 
Soon, they were in the car. 
This time, their destination wasn't Elisa's base. It was Jeremy's hospital. 
Jeremy owned a hospital. 
When they reached the hospital, Jeremy immediately sent away everyone there except for a few staff members who needed to assist them. 
Jeremy looked at the old lady in the wheelchair and said with a heavy tone, "Let's begin." 
"Okay." 
Just like that… 
The next series of examinations began. 
Everyone was running examinations on her. Granny Nory was depleted and needed someone to support her.
###chapter1075
Chapter 1075
Gareth was waiting by the side the whole time. He started to feel tormented by the lengthy process. 
Elisa participated throughout the examinations and didn't have time to tend to Gareth. 
When all the examinations were completed, Jeremy looked stunned. 
"This…!" 
Eric looked at him worriedly, "What happened?" 
Why did Jeremy stay silent after saying one word? 
His sudden utterance, along with his complicated expression, left many in confusion. 
Eric didn't dare to gasp at the situation to prevent his mother from noticing anything odd. After the examination, he requested someone to push his mother to the waiting room outside. 
Jeremy also didn't reply and glanced at everyone before setting his eyes on Elisa, "This, doesn't this mean that…!" 
Eric looked at Elisa again. 
Gareth also stared at Elisa. Even though he looked calm, the anxiousness in his eyes couldn't be hidden. 
Elisa replied, "As of now, everything is progressing well. We will need a few follow-ups to get a grasp of
her condition better." 
Eric's eyes lit up. He immediately looked at Elisa nervously, "This means that…!" 
Elisa nodded at Eric, "We can't confirm if we can cure Grandma fully, but the results have significantly improved. We can speculate that she will have at least another two months to live." 
"The pain should be slowly subsiding now, and she won't suffer. She will also regain her vitality." 
"Really?!" Eric immediately looked more energetic. His eyes filled with disbelief. 
He was thrilled! 
Previously, when it was revealed that she only had two months to live, he wasn't too happy. 
After all… 
Two months is a very short time. If Granny Nory continued to live in pain, she must rather… 
However, as he heard that his mother would no longer suffer from the pain and would slowly regain her energy, he was thrilled! 
If there is no suffering, she should live as long as possible. 
"Really," Elisa replied again. 
However… he wasn't sure about who Elisa was. He looked at Jeremy unconsciously without saying
anything, but his thoughts were obvious. 
Jeremy smiled and reassured him, "Uncle, it's real!" 
He had nothing to add to his clarification. He could trust Mystic Orchid without a doubt and knew that Elisa would never lie. He could guarantee this fact. 
Eric suddenly cheered, "That's great!! I'm extremely grateful to both of you!!" 
He had expected to hold a funeral for his mother within these two days. But… he couldn't believe she was given another two months to live and might recover! 
They still had another examination to run! 
However, no matter how it turned out, the extra two months granted were Godsent! 
"Thank you! I'm so thankful to both of you! I would never imagine she would have another two months to live and even be symptom-free!! I'm truly…!" 
He didn't know how else to thank them and was even at a loss for words!
###chapter1076
Chapter 1076
Jeremy was his junior. If he weren't, he would've bowed deeply to him! 
After all, we have gained two more months! 
"Don't mention it. It's our responsibility." 
This success couldn't be credited to him. Still, Elisa had only recently revealed her identity as Mystic Orchid, meaning she wanted to keep a low profile and didn't want anyone else to know. He was not in a position to share about it. 
"Oh no… If it weren't for both of you, my mom wouldn't survive until today. I'm indebted to you. If you need any help from me in the future, just let me know!" Eric assured them confidently. 
Eric paused and tried to inspect Jeremy, "What should we do next?" 
Jeremy kept quiet and looked in the direction of Elisa. 
Elisa thought briefly before answering softly, "We need a few more days to examine Grandma's condition. If possible, I hope you can text me in two hours." 
"No problem! Can I add your WhatsApp number? I will contact you in two hours." Eric was very sincere when speaking with Elisa. He could tell she was the critical operator, so he treated her with great respect. 
Elisa nodded and took out her handphone, "I'll scan your QR code." 
"Alright! Sure!" 
Eric opened his WhatsApp application and brought up his QR code for her to scan. 
Elisa didn't say a word as she scanned the QR code. 
"Let's go," Elisa said as she looked at Gareth. 
Gareth understood that she was going to carry out her next plan. 
He nodded lightly. Jeremy immediately looked at Eric, "Uncle, you can follow Elisa's instructions from now on. I believe that Grandma will get better soon!!" 
"I hope it comes true!!" Eric sounded entirely moved. Afterward, he looked at Elisa gratefully. 
Elisa didn't reply. She just greeted Eric and followed them out. 
When they were in the car, Jeremy looked at Elisa immediately. "What are your plans after this?" 
"Continue our tests on people with a few days left to live. If there are significant improvements in fifty individuals in a row, we can develop it further." 
Jeremy nodded in agreement, "That's right, if there is no error, we can cure patients with advanced stages of lung cancer." 
Julia Smith had stage four lung cancer. 
Elisa was silent, yet Jeremy continued talking, "The person who was about to die just now is showing such significant improvements. There would be much greater effects for people with advanced stages of lung cancer!! Whoever is cured by you must be so lucky!!" 
Gareth pursed his lips and didn't say a word. He didn't know what to say. 
Even at this point, he was still baffled about the situation. He turned his head slowly and looked toward the woman beside him. 
He felt like he never truly understood her. Not even once. 
One event after another had finally made him lost for words. 
Moreover, he had been occupied with matters concerning his grandmother's condition and couldn't get her away from work, fearing that he would affect her progress. 
Thomas was driving the car. At this moment, he was also confused as he had witnessed everything that had happened just now. Jeremy followed Elisa's lead throughout, so what role did Elisa play this time… 
He subconsciously looked through the back mirror at the two people at the back. Gareth tilted his head slightly and stared at Elisa, who was resting. 
###chapter1077
Chapter 1077
Thomas took his gaze away from the back mirror but had a troubled expression. 
Even though he didn't know much, he could make sense of one part of the story. Ms. Benett… who was previously Mrs. Wickam, was highly skilled! 
He still couldn't wrap his head around what had happened and was afraid to guess further. 
After all... Jeremy had to follow all of Elisa's instructions, so what level of medical skills did she possess? 
Or maybe, she had another identity? 
Thomas' curiosity grew. 
Soon after, they began their journey. They were no longer heading to someone's house. Instead, they were gathering in one place. 
They continuously did the examinations on more than ten people. 
It turned out that, other than one person who did not have a similar condition, all nine others had the same condition as Granny Nory! 
Jeremy was startled when he saw the final results! 
His abrupt reaction was very unlike the steady character he had in the past. 
He took the results of the test and walked towards Gareth. He held onto Gareth's arms, and it didn't matter to him whether Gareth minded it or not. 
He immediately said, "Gareth, you can be cured. You can be cured!" 
At this moment, he only cared about Gareth rather than Gareth's grandmother. 
After all these years, his pain could finally come to an end! 
His close friend, whom he truly cared for, could finally live on. 
Gareth did not try to break away from his grasp. 
What Gareth hated the most was physical touch. Even when Linda cared for him, he could endure her physical contact only because he considered her his life savior. 
Ever since he knew the truth, Gareth despised that woman greatly. 
Jeremy also knew of his personality but couldn't suppress his excitement. Gareth understood that all his feelings were genuine. He only pursed his lips and took over the laboratory sheet from Jeremy without saying a word. 
The laboratory sheet clearly stated the data on every item, which showed significant improvements from the past test results. 
Out of ten people, nine showed positive effects. Gareth pursed his lips tightly and slightly trembled as he stared intensely at the laboratory results. He did not utter a single word. 
Elisa stood by the side, looking at him with mixed emotions. If it weren't for Grandma, she wouldn't have known that Gareth had such a severe illness. 
Does this mean his past attitude towards her was because he knew of his illness? That was why he… 
However, that thought was only fleeting, and she was immediately clear-headed. 
How is it possible? 
Gareth had this illness, but what does this illness have to do with how he treated her? He hated her. He purely despised being together with her. Why would he have other intentions? 
Elisa dropped her gaze slightly as she felt the thoughts that crossed her mind were ridiculous. 
Gareth slowly turned to her, "So what's next?" 
Elisa looked at him and uttered, "Come here." 
Gareth didn't say a word and just nodded, ready to cooperate with her. 
Jeremy felt worried momentarily, "Should we… examine again?" 
"That's not necessary. Besides, he is grandma's grandson. He should be contributing." Elisa's words seemed emotionless.
###chapter1078
Chapter 1078
Jeremy's gaze slightly shifted, and he wanted to say something, but before he could open his mouth, Gareth said indifferently, "Let's begin." 
Elisa silently disinfected herself and brought out a set of medical appliances. 
Gareth stood in front of Elisa calmly. He was aware of her actions and knew what she would do next. He knew the treatment would start right after completing a series of examinations. 
Elisa stayed silent and let him handle the rest. 
Gareth removed his coat, lifted his hand, and unbuttoned the buttons on his sleeves before rolling them up. 
Soon, his bare muscular arms were shown in front of Elisa. 
Elisa stayed silent and injected the needle without any concern. 
Jeremy could sense Elisa's determination. She was much more efficient than those before her as she never hesitated. 
The end of his mouth twitched. Those two were like enemies. No matter what happened, the fact that Elisa allowed Gareth to go through the trial must mean that there was not much to worry about. Even if there were any mishaps, Elisa would have been ready to overcome them. 
However… her current attitude seemed like she had no concern for Gareth. If something terrible happened to Gareth, it would be what he perceived. These two looked like enemies, which frustrated
the people around them. 
Soon, the medication was injected into his body. Elisa pulled out the needle without glancing at Gareth and sat at the side. Many patients were waiting outside, but this was Jeremy's hospital. It was thus up to his personnel to communicate with the patients. She took out her handphone as she sat down. 
She was waiting for time to pass. 
Now… 
It was already late. 
But everyone was still wide awake. Jeremy was overwhelmed and nervous as he went to sit beside Gareth. He stared at Gareth, worried that something terrible might happen to him. 
Soon after, the door slammed open. Elisa lifted her gaze and saw Vincent rush in. He scanned the whole room and saw Gareth sitting in his white shirt. He immediately stood before Gareth and asked, "What is going on?" 
Vincent disregarded the presence of Elisa. He didn't understand the situation as he only heard two things from Jeremy. 
The first sentence was, 'Gareth's illness can be cured.' 
The second sentence was, 'He's in my hospital, come over.' 
Vincent couldn't say anything as Jeremy had already put down his phone. 
At that time, Vincent was dumbfounded, but he knew that Jeremy would never joke lightly over something like that. He didn't speculate further and drove to Jeremy's hospital as fast as he could. 
Gareth lifted his gaze and glanced at him, saying unemotionally, "I won't die so easily." 
Vincent frowned. Even though this was his desired outcome, yet… something didn't feel right to him. He immediately turned to Jeremy, "What kind of situation is this? His illness can be cured!? Is there a way? What exactly happened!" 
Vincent felt lost as he didn't know what had happened. He tried to suppress his excitement because he feared this might be a joke. 
He feared that this might all be an act. This feeling was terrible.
###chapter1079
Chapter 1079
Jeremy didn't reply. Vincent looked in his direction and seemed to realize something was wrong. He turned to the left and finally saw the woman sitting nearby. 
Elisa nodded her head as a greeting gesture. 
Vincent regarded her with suspicion. Why would Elisa be here? 
However, as he looked back at Jeremy, he couldn't bear to say anything. He felt something wasn't right but could not pinpoint it directly. 
Elisa didn't know about Gareth's condition. If he just questioned him blatantly, it wouldn't feel right. 
But now…! 
He felt rushed! 
Right now, he couldn't care less and glanced at Jeremy. 
His intentions were clear. He wanted Jeremy to talk to him outside. Despite signaling twice, Jeremy didn't move at all and instead calmly said, "We don't know how things will turn out, so we are still waiting for the examination results." 
Vincent shot a look at Jeremy. Why would he say this here? 
Didn't Gareth want to keep his illness a secret? 
Especially towards Elisa. Gareth had requested them not to let Elisa know about this. But now… what kind of situation is this? 
In such a short time, Vincent was bewildered by many unanswered questions. Seeing how confused he looked, Jeremy's overwhelming feelings were relieved. 
Looking at Vincent's locked gaze towards him, Jeremy finally said, "Just wait for the results, there are still a lot of uncertainties for now, but we have been running a few experiments. Among the eleven people we've tested, ten were successful." 
"Successful… What do you mean by successful? Complete recovery?" 
"Based on the current research, this isn't a drug dedicated to stage four cancer. Instead, it is used to treat stage two to three cancer. The people we found earlier were all patients with stage four cancer. We didn't want to harm anyone, so we specifically selected patients with few days left to live. After we examined them, we found that the data showed improvements, and their pain was lessened, giving them more time to live. What happens after still requires continuous checkups." 
"Is it true?" Vincent was in disbelief. Yet again, he took a suspicious glance at Elisa, who was sitting at the side quietly. "Were you the one to discover this drug?" Unable to suppress his doubt, Vincent turned his gaze to Jeremy and questioned him. 
Jeremy smiled wryly and said, "How could I have such capability?" 
His answer dumbfounded Vincent. 
He did not say a word while waiting for Jeremy to explain further. 
However, Jeremy suddenly became quiet. Once he gained his composure, he answered thoughtfully, "Just wait and see. You will know soon." 
Gareth could still walk freely and didn't have to wait long like the other patients. His condition was also different from theirs. Therefore, within twenty minutes, he was already running the second round of examinations. 
Vincent felt highly nervous. Despite not knowing the whole procedure, he knew the subsequent examination was the moment of truth! 
Right then, Elisa stood up and walked towards the equipment. 
Seeing that Gareth had already stood up, Elisa continued the following procedure. 
Vincent walked towards them without causing any disruption. 
As Vincent observed the situation, he was left dumbfounded. What is happening? 
Is Elisa the one in charge? Is Jeremy observing from the side? 
No? It's a critical situation, yet Jeremy had the leisure to teach Elisa all these? 
"I mean…" Just as these words left his mouth, Thomas, who was quietly standing by the side, suddenly let out a cough. 
###chapter1080
Chapter 1080
Vincent felt confused. 
He looked over at Thomas, and seeing how he shook his head, Vincent felt even more bewildered, "What is happening?" 
Thomas' eyes quivered slightly, "I don't know the whole story as well, but Ms. Benett has been leading this whole operation while Mr. Chase has been assisting her." 
"What the f*ck?" Vincent was shocked at the revelation. 
He opened his eyes widely and looked in their direction in disbelief. He realized Elisa had already started running a few tests. The medical equipment had also begun to operate. In the meantime, she was saying many medical jargons while Jeremy took notes beside her. 
Vincent was bewildered by everyone. What the h*ll is going on? 
Thomas rubbed his nose, feeling quite... pleased. 
His confusion earlier had finally been passed to someone else. 
Vincent looked like a lost dog as he walked forward and stared at Elisa with a silly expression. At times, he looked over to Jeremy like they were the only ones in the room. If someone looked at him, he would then wiggle his tail. 
His gaze followed them everywhere. Gareth didn't say a word during the process, allowing Elisa to examine him as needed. 
What the h*ll is happening? 
Elisa…! This woman must be crazy!! How can she know all this? 
Looking at the situation by itself, one wouldn't understand why both Gareth and Jeremy, these two intelligent guys, were acting out of character. One willingly allows Elisa to examine his body while the other willingly assists her… 
What outstanding ability does Elisa possess to make these two act this way? 
But why was this happening? Precisely what is the reason?! 
Vincent was still confused by the situation as he tried to take in the scene that unfolded before him. He froze without uttering a word. Whatever happened, it was beyond his expectation. 
Until… 
The series of procedures had all been conducted. Vincent couldn't stand it anymore. He wasn't impatient to know what had happened with Elisa. Instead, he couldn't help but ask about the results. 
He immediately jumped beside Gareth and asked, "So, how is it?" 
Elisa glanced at Vincent. Despite what type of person Gareth is, it can't be denied that he had two reliable buddies. Both Jeremy and Vincent treated him genuinely and showed strong loyalty. 
He earned it. 
Elisa switched her gaze to look at the data on the laboratory report and said calmly, "The symptoms have reduced, and his life expectancy has been prolonged. There is no need to undergo chemotherapy." 
Gareth squinted slightly but didn't say a word. 
Jeremy was trembling, and his whole body tensed up. He stared at Elisa keenly, asking, "So, does this mean that he will be fine after coming a few more times?" 
Vincent also stared at Elisa unconsciously and waited for her answer. 
But at this moment, he finally regained his awareness and realized the absurdity of this situation!! Why does Jeremy need to ask Elisa? How could Elisa be more skilled than Jeremy? Since when did this brat lose his confidence?! 
Could he be confused at that moment as it involved his close friend? 
But he still felt that something wasn't right. No matter how concerned he was for his friend, he couldn't trust any doctor without credibility! 
As he thought intensely, he had his gaze set on Elisa as he waited for her reply. He wanted to see how Elisa answered. 
Elisa pursed her lips, paused briefly, and calmly replied, "Nothing is confirmed. It is hard for me to determine how this would turn out as it depends on his condition during follow-ups."
###chapter1081
Chapter 1081
It is hard to determine… 
The uncertainty of the situation didn't feel right. 
Gareth wasn't someone demanding, and everything seemed to run smoothly. 
But… only he knew deep down that he felt relieved. 
Grandma's condition had improved, and he had more time to complete his remaining tasks. 
Whether he was cured fully wasn't within his scope of worries. A little more time was all he hoped for. 
He was satisfied with the outcome. 
"So… how much time is needed? When can the next procedure begin?!" Vincent voiced his concerns. 
But this time, he was looking at his friend. 
He had also accepted the current situation and waited for Elisa's response. 
"One week," Elisa briefly answered him. 
Vincent responded immediately. "One week? We can wait! We can afford to wait!" 
Jeremy was thrilled about the news. After taking a deep breath, he shared his predictions. "It's possible! Absolutely possible!" 
Vincent felt instantly energized and walked toward Jeremy. "Is it real? It's going to work, isn't it?" 
"Yes!! Definitely!! Mystic… " 
Nothing is impossible for Mystic Orchid!! 
But… he didn't spurt out the truth about Elisa's identity. As soon as the word 'Mystic' came out, he suddenly became silent. It wasn't the best place to share the secret about Mystic Orchid, especially when many outsiders were around the hospital. It wouldn't be ideal to have someone outside know about this secret. 
Mystic Orchid liked to keep a low profile. Elisa was someone who preferred to do things under the radar. 
She wouldn't have to expose her secret if not for the number of things she had to do recently. 
Or else… 
No one would've known who was behind all these. 
"What?" Vincent didn't understand what he was saying and turned to look at Jeremy suspiciously. 
Jeremy didn't bother. Instead, he looked at Gareth and asked, "So… what are you planning to do after this? Will you wait for a week, or will you immediately…" 
Gareth pursed his lips together. "Let me know the details." 
Jeremy did not hesitate to share everything about his recovery process. 
Gareth had his lips pursed again without saying a word. He suddenly stopped, looked at Elisa, and softly asked her, "What do you think?" 
Elisa frowned. "According to the current situation, we must deal with Grandma's problem now that we know about her illness. We can't delay for a week. But if we don't follow our regime, Grandma must undergo chemotherapy. That is when she will realize what illness she has." 
Julia might be old, but she was not senile. She knew a lot of things. So if she had to go for chemotherapy, she would know that she has cancer. 
When that happens, her willpower will decline considerably. Not everyone can handle the effects of having cancer. 
Jeremy also nodded. "I think so too. Grandma's condition cannot afford any further delay." 
"Ah…? What are all of you talking about?" Vincent was left in the dark. What exactly happened? 
Vincent did not wait for them to answer before asking again, "Wait, aren't you trying to cure Gareth? Why is everyone talking about Grandma?" 
What do you mean by grandma having to go for chemotherapy, don't tell me that grandma is… 
As he thought about it, his expression changed immediately. 
###chapter1082
Chapter 1082
Vincent was stunned. "Grandma has what type of…" 
Cancer. 
He didn't know how to say the last word. 
In the end, Elisa glanced at him and softly said, "Lung." 
Lung! 
Isn't that the one that advances the fastest? 
He opened his mouth, but he didn't know what to say. He came to the hospital without a clue of what was happening. After the events happening here, he felt even more confused and bewildered about everything. 
"Then… after this…" Vincent could only say a few words and lost his train of thought. 
Gareth looked at Elisa and asked her seriously, "To be honest, you are confident in the treatment, right?" 
Elisa was in deep thought before she could reply. "Eighty-five percent." 
Jeremy was happy to hear her answer! 
"Based on your standards, eighty-five percent is equivalent to two hundred percent!" 
He said this based on Mystic Orchid's ability rather than his admiration for Mystic Orchid. 
Eighty-five percent truly is equivalent to two hundred percent. 
Listening to Jeremy's words, Gareth immediately said, "Then let's begin tomorrow. Have a good rest today." 
Elisa didn't leave right away. Instead, she replied, "We still have to keep track of your condition. One hour later, we'll run another round of examinations." 
Gareth lowered his head without saying a word. 
Vincent breathed in profoundly and stood in front of a few of them. He couldn't resist it anymore. "It's time for all of you to tell me what is happening! I'm about to die of frustration!" 
Jeremy glanced at Vincent before focusing on Elisa, "You…" 
"Do as you wish. Have a chat. I'll be going to the washroom." Elisa got up and left right after saying this. 
Vincent's gaze followed Elisa as she slowly left. After that, he closed the door and immediately shot a look at Jeremy. "You tell me!" 
Thomas was all ears as he sat at the corner. 
Even though he followed through with most of the examination procedures today and got exposed to
much information, he still struggled to link all the information together. He couldn't figure out everything that was happening here. 
Hence, he was as curious as Vincent to hear about the truth. 
While the two of them were staring at Jeremy, he finally opened his mouth. "Do you know what Elisa's secret is?" 
"F*ck!" Vincent had his eyes wide open. "She is medically trained and is a f*cking bad*ss?!" 
Jeremy glanced at Vincent and said calmly, "Otherwise, why do you think I followed her lead and was so dedicated to assisting her?" 
Vincent was in awe upon hearing his words. 
Thomas also looked shocked. 
"F*ck! That's awesome!" Vincent raised his arms and held on to his hair as he asked, "Which… bad*ss is she?" Jeremy grinned. "It's the one you have been trying to find for so long, yet you couldn't recognize her even when she stood right before you." 
"Ah…?" Vincent looked dumbfounded. 
At this moment, Thomas was stunned. He took a deep breath, and in contrast to his past character of staying out of other people's business, he exclaimed, "Mystic Orchid?!" 
"F*ck! Who did you say it is?!" Vincent jumped up. 
Jeremy didn't say a word but was exceptionally calm as he stared at Vincent. 
"F*ck! F*uk! F*ck!!" Vincent's thoughts were a mess, and he could only repeat this word. 
Thomas inhaled softly. Who is this freak?
###chapter1083
Chapter 1083
Even the one who was always steady couldn't keep his calm. 
As for Vincent, he was still in shock. 
"What the h*ll!!! Who is she? F*ck!!!" Vincent kept on cussing. 
How did he not realize that the person that just walked past him was the Mystic Orchid?! 
F*ck!!! 
"How did this happen… When did you all find out that Elisa is Mystic Orchid?" 
Jeremy explained the truth to him. "She was the one who discovered Gareth's grandmother's illness. She revealed her identity to save her." 
Vincent nodded. "I see." 
But he scratched his head after a while and said, "I'm f*cking upset! Is she human? Iris, Wisteria, Black-Eyed Susan, Mystic Orchid! Does she have multiple personalities? Is she a thousand-year mystical creature? Or else, how did she accomplish so many things in twenty years? Not even the greatest person who ever lived could possess such talents!" 
No one could refute his words. Thomas also nodded his head unconsciously. But he noticed it didn't seem right and returned to his normal state immediately. 
After pausing for a while, Vincent looked at Gareth and said sarcastically, "Then again, she is now
becoming more and more impressive, so back then when you were together… was it her who wasn't compatible with you, or were you… the one not compatible with her?" 
As soon as he said this, Gareth suddenly lifted his gaze and glared at Vincent fiercely. 
But Vincent wasn't offended and didn't hesitate to laugh hysterically at him. "If I knew she was such a bad*ss, I would've pursued her myself! If I had such a competent wife, I wouldn't have to worry about a thing in the future!" 
Jeremy couldn't help but chuckle. 
Thomas was also grinning as he peeked at his company's chairman. 
Gareth glanced at Vincent coldly before looking away to ignore his nonsense. 
"So just now, you were…." 
"She was initially involved in this area of research, and this is the final obstacle. It had failed seventeen times, but for Elisa, the seventeenth time was the end of past failures. It will succeed this time." 
"F*ck! It's Godsent!" Vincent grabbed his hair again. He was happy, but he also felt… miserable!! 
Elisa was younger than him, but she was competent in various areas! Even his respected lawyer had been defeated by her. He couldn't accept this! 
After pausing for a while, he said, "No! That can't be right. She's an immortal witch! She's not human!" 
Elisa's mouth twitched at the words of Jeremy as she opened the door. 
A few of them had turned to look at her, and Gareth's eyes carried mixed emotions. 
Vincent looked fixedly at Elisa as if he saw a witch. "May I ask! Ms. Iris! What are you!!" 
Elisa walked in and closed the door. She blankly stared at him. "I'm human." 
"No! Please do not be humble! You have no right to be human!" Vincent said sincerely. 
He left Jeremy, Gareth, Thomas, and Elisa speechless. 
"That's not right! It is the humans that are not up to par with you!" As he said this, he purposely glanced at Gareth provocatively. 
###chapter1084
Chapter 1084
The corners of Elisa's mouth twitched, but she didn't say anything. She walked to her chair and sat down before taking out her cell phone to continue scrolling Twitter. 
Time passed slowly. 
Jeremy didn't continue talking about it because Elisa had returned. 
Vincent couldn't control himself and occasionally called Elisa a freak before keeping quiet. 
Soon, it came to the time Elisa had said. Everyone was busy examining him. 
They realized that the numbers were more ideal than the previous results, and Elisa could finally breathe a sigh of relief. She looked at Jeremy. "So… I'll leave Grandma in your hands tomorrow?" 
Vincent naturally understood what she meant, and he nodded at once. "No problem." 
"I'm leaving." Elisa didn't waste time on formalities. She was also slightly tired now. She held Gareth's car keys and didn't plan on returning them. 
But it was late. Gareth said, "Give me the keys." 
Elisa looked at him, perplexed. She gave him the keys and said nothing when she thought he might want to drive. She didn't mind getting an Uber. 
As Elisa thought about it, she took out her cell phone and opened the app, wanting to hail a ride. 
When Gareth saw it, he said in a low voice, "I didn't tell you to get a ride." 
Elisa looked at him, confused. She didn't say anything. 
Gareth disregarded her and said indifferently, "I'll send you." 
Elisa's brows furrowed slightly. "No. You don't need to get too tired in your current situation." 
After all, he was in poor health. 
She didn't know about his condition previously, so she hadn't made concessions for him. But now, she was slightly apprehensive. 
Gareth didn't say anything and walked out beside her. 
Jeremy and Vincent naturally knew what was happening and didn't intend to interrupt. 
In fact, they quickly walked ahead. They knew it was the wrong time to become a third wheel. 
Vincent didn't tease Gareth. After all, Vincent knew his limits. He couldn't do such a thing to ruin Gareth's life now. 
Mainly because! 
Once Gareth recovered, he could be with Elisa freely! 
Even if he had said that Elisa was suitable and they could get married, Gareth had never admitted that
he liked Elisa. It was just a trick at the time to stop Will from getting close to Elisa. 
But now… 
Perhaps he could really give it a go. 
Upon seeing that Elisa was still trying to get a ride, Gareth had a dark expression as he snatched her cell phone away. 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly. "I don't need you to send me." 
Gareth said coldly, "I have something to say to you privately." 
Elisa furrowed her brows. She said nothing when she thought about how he might want to ask about Grandma or his sickness. 
They reached the parking lot shortly. Thomas and the rest left without saying goodbye. 
Gareth went to his car. Thomas had previously arranged for Gareth's car to be brought here. 
Gareth got into the driver's seat, and Elisa wrinkled her brows. "Let me drive." 
"Get in," Gareth said coldly. He was already in the car. Elisa knew she couldn't convince him, so she sat in the passenger seat. 
On the way, Elisa waited for Gareth to say something, but he stayed silent. She looked at the man in bewilderment. "What did you want to ask me?"
###chapter1085
Chapter 1085
Gareth didn't say a word as though he intended to ignore her. 
Elisa frowned. It seemed like she understood. Perhaps he wants to send me home because he feels it's dangerous at night. What would happen to Grandma if I got into trouble? 
Elisa's lips twitched, and she tactfully stopped asking. 
On the way, the two didn't say anything. The car only stopped when they arrived at Elisa's house. 
Elisa kept quiet. She turned to glance at the man before opening the door of the passenger's seat. 
"Let me drive in." Before she could shut the door, the man's voice rang in her ears. 
Elisa's hand froze before she could shut the car door. She looked at the man and didn't understand what he was saying for a moment. 
Gareth had been facing forward, but because Elisa didn't move, he turned slowly and stared at her with a cold gaze. He repeated, "Let me drive in." 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "Are you staying?" 
"Didn't you want me not to get too tired?" 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Her brows tightened visibly. It was as though displeasure was intertwined deep in her eyes. 
She hadn't wanted Gareth to send her home so he wouldn't tire. But now, this became an excuse for him to stay? 
"It's fine. It's not convenient here, so it doesn't matter if you're tired for a while more." 
Gareth's expression was calm. "I'm exhausted. This will affect my recovery and the results of the data from the experiment." 
Elisa suddenly scoffed. "You're as strong as an ox. That won't happen." 
After that, Elisa shut the car door and didn't give Gareth a chance to speak. 
Gareth's expression darkened abruptly. He watched as the woman walked ahead without hesitation and ignored him. The veins on his forehead protruded. 
Only this woman. 
Only this woman! 
He shut his eyes and raised his hands to rub the bridge of his nose. After a moment, he turned off the engine and opened the car door before leaving. 
The car didn't have to be parked within the courtyard. Gareth didn't care if it went missing. 
Elisa heard the noise and immediately turned around. Her brows instantly tightened when she saw the man walk over two steps at a time. 
"I said it's not convenient here." She didn't want him to stay at all. 
But Gareth ignored her and followed her. Just as Elisa was about to say something else, he suddenly grabbed one of her hands and placed her fingerprint on the door lock. 
'Ding' 
The door was unlocked. 
The man had manipulated Elisa before she came to her senses. After that, the man pulled her into the villa. 
The two stood at the living room entrance, and Gareth shut the door smoothly. 
Elisa's brows suddenly tightened, and she said with astonishment, "Aren't you being too shameless?" 
Gareth turned to look at her. "As compared to you?" 
Elisa was puzzled. 
At the next moment, she laughed in a rage. "Yes, I pestered you back then. I was quite shameless, but I've already let you go now." 
"It's not like I can't pester you now." After that, Gareth ignored Elisa and changed his shoes before walking in. 
Elisa was bewildered. 
Is he ill?! 
Elisa wrinkled her brows tightly and knew she couldn't escape him today. Ultimately, she walked up the stairs because she didn't know what to say. 
But… 
Her stomach suddenly rumbled.
###chapter1086
Chapter 1086
Elisa's brows instantly furrowed tightly. She had been busy experimenting and hadn't eaten anything. She was feeling slightly hungry now. 
She hesitated for a moment before walking back to the kitchen. 
She saw Gareth sitting on the couch in the living room, not in a rush to go to his room. She thought about it and took something out of the refrigerator. 
She closed the refrigerator and started to reheat the pizza. Not long after, it was done. 
Elisa took the reheated pizza out and put it on the table. 
Gareth naturally went to wash his hands and walked over when he smelled the aroma. 
When he saw Elisa pass him a plate, Gareth said nothing as he took it from her. 
The two sat across from each other and had no intentions of speaking. 
Elisa tucked a strand of hair that had fallen to the side of her face behind her ears. She took a slice of pizza and blew on it before eating. 
Gareth wasn't in a hurry to eat. Instead, he looked at her. 
Such a peaceful scene between them was rare. 
As for Elisa… Every time they were close, it was as though he could feel her spines bristle. If he
approached, they would prick him without hesitation. 
Gareth pursed his lips and looked down at the pizza on his plate. 
He didn't like pizza. 
In the past, Elisa would always consider his tastebuds when she cooked. 
But today, he didn't know if she had forgotten or if she did it out of convenience. She had utterly ignored his food preference. 
Elisa saw that he wasn't eating, so she asked casually, "Aren't you hungry?" 
Gareth didn't answer her. He picked up the slice of pizza. 
But he had just taken a bite when astonishment flickered across his eyes. 
Does reheated pizza taste like this? 
Why did pizza taste awful previously? Why does this taste good? 
Is this an illusion? 
With such thoughts, he took a few more bites and loved it. He completely changed his mind about pizza. 
He thought he didn't like pizza. 
But… he loved eating the pizza that Elisa reheated for him. 
He never imagined it was because he was hungry. In the past, he would rather eat nothing if faced with something he didn't like, even if he was famished. He wouldn't accept it. 
But now. 
Gareth didn't realize he had only eaten it because Elisa had prepared it. 
Not long after, Gareth had eaten a few slices. Elisa was slightly startled when she saw it. She had prepared enough food. Under normal circumstances, Gareth might not have eaten. But she hesitated momentarily when she saw that he had scarfed down a few slices so quickly. She subconsciously asked, "Are… you full?" 
She thought the food wasn't enough. 
Gareth moved his plate away. He took a napkin and wiped his lips before saying indifferently, "Yes." 
Elisa glanced at him and didn't say anything in the end. She wouldn't make him anything else, even if he were still hungry. He had eaten a few slices of pizza, and it was quite a lot. 
Furthermore… he shouldn't eat too much in his condition. 
At the next moment, Elisa suddenly furrowed her brows. She looked at Gareth and said, "Do you usually eat so much?" 
Gareth was dumbfounded. 
After a pause, he seemed to understand what Elisa was thinking about. He said in a low voice, "No." 
Elisa nodded and said calmly, as a doctor would, "It's best not to overeat. Otherwise, I'm afraid your body can't take it." 
Gareth's expression darkened. He got up and ignored Elisa. 
Elisa couldn't be bothered when she saw him return to his room. She washed up and went upstairs.
###chapter1087
Chapter 1087
After the whole day, she was exhausted. She showered, blow-dried her hair, and lay in her bedroom. 
But… 
An indescribable yet complicated feeling was in her heart when she thought about Gareth being sick. Her eyes had been shut, but she suddenly opened them slowly. 
How… is he like when he's tormented by his illness? 
How has he endured it alone? 
Grandma was so optimistic every day. Elisa guessed that when Jeremy had examined Gareth and discovered it, Gareth had chosen to hide it so no one would know. Otherwise, Grandma wouldn't have been able to take it. 
Elisa even doubted if Gareth's parents knew about it. 
Her brows furrowed tightly, and she pondered momentarily before finally abandoning her distracting thoughts and shutting her eyes. 
… 
The next day, Elisa woke up early because today was the day of Grandma's treatment. 
Although she couldn't do anything, she was worried and wanted to take a look. 
She was halfway down the stairs when she saw Gareth dressed and ready to leave. 
When he heard a noise, he turned and looked at the person slowly walking down the stairs. Gareth said calmly, "You don't have to go today." 
"I'd better go. Otherwise, I'll be worried." Elisa's voice was serene. She spoke as she walked down the stairs. "It's not because I don't trust Jeremy. I want to see how Grandma is because I'm afraid she'll worry or overthink. I'm afraid she'll be suspicious because she's too smart." 
Gareth pursed his lips and didn't say anything. He naturally agreed with Elisa. 
Soon, the two left together. They didn't eat breakfast mainly because they had eaten late last night, and there was something to do today. They didn't think about breakfast. 
This time, Elisa didn't let Gareth drive. He hadn't rested well last night and had eaten so much, so Elisa decided to drive. 
Even though Gareth had stomach cancer, Elisa didn't force him to eat breakfast. 
On the way, the two didn't say anything. They arrived at Wickam Manor shortly. 
They had just gotten out of the car when another vehicle stopped slowly. Elisa turned and looked over. She saw Jeremy get out of the car with a significant medical kit. 
Elisa and Jeremy had prepared the things inside yesterday. Elisa didn't prepare anything on her end to make things more realistic. Everything the servants saw was assembled by Jeremy. 
They went in together and didn't say anything. 
Julia had eaten breakfast and was sitting on the couch watching television. 
When she saw three of them, she asked in astonishment, "Why are you here?" 
Julia was slightly puzzled when she saw Elisa appearing together with Gareth and Jeremy. 
Elisa was the first to walk in. She changed her shoes and went to the couch before sitting beside Julia. "I'm off today and don't have much to do, so I came to see you." 
Julia was somewhat doubtful. "Then how did you…?" 
Julia clearly felt something was amiss, but Elisa said calmly, "We were together yesterday night. Gareth stayed at my place last night. I knew he would be coming to see you today, so I came with him." 
###chapter1088
Chapter 1088
Jeremy was dumbstruck. 
He turned to look at the man beside him and touched the tip of his nose. Although Gareth didn't admit it, his body language was honest. Gareth must have stayed at her house and refused to leave. 
If Vincent had been here, he would have walked to Gareth and given Gareth a thumbs-up behind his back. 
Julia was also astounded. "Ah? The two of you…?" 
Julia suddenly didn't dare finish her sentence, but her eyes were filled with endless astonishment and expectation. She stared at Elisa and waited for Elisa to finish her sentence. 
Have the two of them reconciled?! 
Julia couldn't entirely control the smile in the corner of her mouth. She was just waiting for Elisa to speak. 
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly, and she smiled. "Grandma…" 
She said nothing else as if she didn't know how to say it. This made Julia more astonished. "Have the two of you reconciled?!" 
Julia knew Jeremy was Gareth's good friend, so Julia didn't care and asked directly. 
Elisa's eyes flashed a little, but before she could say anything, Gareth said, "You're getting an injection
today, Grandma." 
"Huh?" Julia had been waiting for Elisa to reply, but Gareth suddenly changed the topic. It gave Julia a shock. 
She turned to look at Gareth and said slightly disbelievingly, "I'm doing excellent. Why do I need an injection?" 
"If you're excellent, why would I give you an injection?" Gareth said earnestly as if talking about something completely ordinary. 
Everyone in the family knew. 
Julia disliked and feared… injections! 
She was afraid of injections. She would constantly lose her head when her blood had to be drawn during her weekly physical examinations, but she still cooperated. Although she was used to it… she resisted a sudden additional injection. 
Elisa laughed lightly. "Are you afraid, Grandma?" 
Julia immediately put on a straight face and pretended to say bravely, "How can I be afraid? It's merely an injection. I just don't want to ruin my skin. I'm so old, but I have better skin than those thirty years younger than me. Won't an injection ruin my perfection?" 
A painful sensation suddenly streaked across Elisa's heart. Grandma is such a good person. Why is she inflicted with this illness? 
But Elisa could only pretend to laugh and say, "That's right. Since you're not afraid, Grandma, you should cooperate and get the injection." 
"What injection is it? Why do I need an injection if I'm fine?" 
Gareth said calmly, "From the check-up this time, you lack nutrition. The injection will help to replenish your nutrition." 
Jeremy had walked to the couch and put the medical kit in his hands on the coffee table before opening it. 
When Julia saw the medical tools inside, she stood subconsciously and walked to the side. She clearly resisted it. 
"What is this?! How many injections am I getting?!" 
Jeremy looked at Julia, unable to restrain his smile. "I'll be gentle, Grandma, so you don't have to be afraid. One injection will be enough." 
Julia looked at him, slightly disbelieving and suspicious. "You're not misleading me, are you, Jeremy?" 
"How could I do that?" Jeremy smiled. "It'll be alright, Grandma. You have to trust me." 
"You're such a cunning fellow!" Julia had a disbelieving expression, clearly showing that she distrusted him the most.
###chapter1089
Chapter 1089
Jeremy felt amused and embarrassed. 
Elisa couldn't help but chuckle. "Grandma, why do you think so? Jeremy is quite steady." 
Her last few words immediately made Gareth suddenly turn around and look at Elisa. 
Elisa was suddenly baffled by Gareth's expression. Why did his gaze suddenly turn sharp out of the blue? And why is he staring at me? Did I say something wrong? 
Julia immediately furrowed her brows in displeasure. "This fellow! And that Vincent fellow! They have deceived me multiple times and coaxed me to get injections! They say it won't hurt, but it's agonizing!" 
Jeremy touched the tip of his nose and said nothing. 
Gareth said calmly, "You still have to get the injection." 
Jeremy nodded in agreement. "That's right. I've always been gentle, Grandma. I'll be delicate this time." 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh as she said, "Get the injection, Grandma. It's for your health. If you lack nutrition, your health will start to deteriorate." 
Gareth kept quiet. Elisa had a better plan this time. 
Julia sighed in exasperation. "Ah, I'll do it. Of course, I know I must comply and get the injection. You're doing it for my own good and want me to live longer. How can I not do as you wish?" 
After that, Julia took a deep breath. "It's just an injection! I've been getting injections all these years and toughened myself up. I was just a little resistant just now. Bring it on!" 
As Julia spoke, she pulled her sleeves up, and Elisa immediately helped her. Soon, Julia's upper elbow was revealed. 
"Come on!" Julia said before she turned away. She didn't dare to look at her arm. 
Elisa held Julia's arm and smiled, "You're amazing, Grandma!" 
In reality, she was feeling slightly complicated. 
Because… 
Even if many had tested the medicine, Elisa and the rest couldn't see the results. They only saw the situation at the time. The following day when Elisa and the others looked for those who had tested the medicine, they couldn't see how people around the medicine testers reacted. They could only guess that it was okay… 
Actually, there were still risks. 
But… they couldn't wait. 
They didn't know how much it would worsen a month later. Lung cancer progressed quite fast. 
The patient wouldn't make it if they didn't undergo chemotherapy within a month. But if Grandma went for chemotherapy, she would know what was happening. It wasn't a good sign, and they feared
Grandma couldn't take it! 
When Elisa thought about it, she couldn't help but sigh. In an instant, she didn't know what to say. 
Julia saw how distressed Elisa was, and Julia suddenly smiled. "Look at this girl. At my age, I have one foot in the grave. How can I be afraid of a mere injection?!" 
Elisa suddenly smiled. "That's right. You're not afraid, Grandma. You're the strongest person!" 
"Haha…" Julia couldn't help but chuckle. Julia didn't dare to look at her arm as they chatted, and Jeremy had started. 
Julia gasped instantly but returned to normal when the medicine was slowly injected. 
She looked at Elisa and smiled. "Look, how is it?" 
"You're amazing!" Elisa had a gentle smile on the corners of her lips. 
Gareth also sighed in relief when he saw the needle go in. After that, he walked to the couch and sat down.
###chapter1090
Chapter 1090
Jeremy packed up his medical tools before he walked to sit beside Gareth. It was evident he didn't intend to leave. 
The three of them weren't working but with Julia so early in the morning. She looked at them, puzzled. "Don't… you need to work? Why are all of you here?" 
It was mainly because the time wasn't quite right. 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh gently. "Grandma, have you forgotten that it's the weekend?" 
"Ah? Weekend?" Julia was slightly startled. She raised her hand to look at her cell phone. "Oh, that's right. The weekend. Look at me." 
She was happy after that. "So, you're all here to keep me company?" 
Elisa smiled. "Yes. Would you like that, Grandma?" 
"Of course!" Julia was instantly delighted. She almost slapped her hand on her leg before she held Elisa's hand tightly. She looked at the other two with suspicion. 
"Are you two… very free as well?" 
These two brats. They usually have no interest in staying. 
Gareth said calmly, "I don't have much to do. But it's mainly because I lost a bet." 
"What bet was it?" Old Madam Wickam was skeptical. 
Jeremy sat on the couch quietly with a smile, but he looked at Gareth out of the corner of his eye as if wanting to hear what excuse Gareth came up with. 
Elisa was also silently looking at the man sitting across from her. 
Edgar's lips twitched, and he looked at Julia while saying disinterestedly, "A normal bet. I lost, so I'm here to keep you company for a day." 
Elisa and Jeremy were dumbfounded. 
Julia's face suddenly darkened. "What does that brat Vincent mean by that? And you, what do you mean by that? Huh? You rascal, has it become torture to come and visit me?!" 
She deliberately kept a straight face when she said the last few words. 
It was reasonable for young people to work on their careers, so they naturally felt bored and uninterested in staying with Old Madam Wickam. 
But she was childlike and said what was on her mind. 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh. She said nothing. 
Gareth raised his brows. "How would I dare to do that?" 
"I don't think you would!" 
Julia didn't say anything else, but she couldn't help but snort. 
"You're treating this like a prison. What a good grandson!" 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh lightly. She knew Grandma wasn't angry but said, "Since that's the case, you can bet with him, Grandma. If he loses, let him stay here and continue to keep you company." 
When Julia heard it, she immediately had a disdainful expression. "No! I find him bothersome if he's here. He'll keep us from chatting!" 
"I never imagined that the rascal Vincent would bet on an old woman like me!" Julia said unwillingly. 
"Haha…" Jeremy couldn't help but laugh aloud. 
Gareth's expression seemed to be darker than before. 
They teased each other frequently, so everyone was used to it. 
Not long after, the doorbell suddenly rang. A servant went to open the door and immediately stepped aside upon seeing that it was Vincent. "Mr. Shane is here." 
Elisa's expression froze slightly. He's here. Then the bet that Gareth casually mentioned… 
But Elisa thought about it and breathed a sigh of relief. It doesn't matter because it was a joke. 
Vincent changed his shoes briskly and walked over. When he saw Old Madam Wickam on the couch, he greeted Julia with a smile. "Hello, Grandma."
###chapter1091
Chapter 1091
Old Madam Wickam instantly said with a straight face, "Why are you greeting me? You've started to drag me down into your schemes, you brat! Why did you come up with a bet all of a sudden?" 
Vincent was confused. 
He glanced at Gareth out of the corner of his eyes. When Jeremy saw Gareth quiet, Jeremy gave Vincent a meaningful glance before Vincent immediately laughed out loud. "Haha, what's wrong with this bet?" 
D*mn it, couldn't he have told me beforehand if he mentioned a bet? 
Now I have to rely on guesswork! 
But he had come over because of Old Madam Wickam's illness. The few of them had to come up with an excuse to stay there and not leave. 
Old Madam Wickam snorted coldly. "You're making him stay here for a day to be tortured. Don't you know that this is also torture for me?" 
Vincent initially had a rough idea, but he understood better after what she said. He immediately laughed. "Ah, that's not the case. You're usually bored, so I wanted him to return and keep you company. Look, even I came over. Don't misjudge me, Grandma!" 
Vincent spoke with a smile and even walked to sit on Julia's other side. Julia sat between Vincent and Elisa. Gareth's initially calm eyes suddenly glanced in Vincent's direction. 
Gareth's eyes were serene, but his gaze made a chill run down Vincent's back. 
They were across from each other, but Vincent felt that Gareth's gaze had pierced through his back and suddenly hurt. 
Vincent's face suddenly darkened. D*mn! I'm just sitting near Elisa. Does he have to be like this? Oh, my god! 
But he had no intention of moving. Julia had pulled his hand with a smile. "You punk. All you do is tease me!" 
"Haha… How can that be?!" Vincent said flatteringly. At the same time, he smiled. "You must feel happier with so many of us chatting with you, Grandma. How can this be me teasing you?" 
"You brat! All you do is spout rubbish. How many young girls have you tricked like this?" Vincent's brows jumped with fright, and he glanced at Elisa subconsciously. 
He knew that Elisa and Rachel were best friends. He was instantly terrified that Elisa would tell Rachel about it. 
He didn't realize what he had done. Instead, he looked at Julia and said at once, "Grandma, don't make jokes about me. I am now an honest and decent man. That is my duty!" 
Julia was flabbergasted. 
The corners of her mouth twitched. She looked at Vincent and couldn't help but say, "I watched you
grow up. How would I not know your personality? I've seen countless girls by your side! But then again, you're now more mature than before, and it's time to settle down. Look for a good girl and get married." 
It was Vincent's turn to be dumbstruck. 
The veins on his forehead twitched. Why is Old Madam Wickam still talking?! 
He feared that Julia would call him fickle again, so he cast a pleading glance in Gareth's direction. 
However… Gareth didn't even glance at him. Gareth looked away. 
Vincent was floored! 
D*mn! 
Is this because Elisa and I are on either side of Old Madam Wickam?! This stupid man is holding a grudge now that I'm asking for help?! 
Vincent's expression instantly darkened!
###chapter1092
Chapter 1092
But Vincent had someone else to help him if Gareth didn't want to! 
Vincent immediately looked at Jeremy as he answered Julia with a smile. "Change the topic, Grandma!" 
"Change? You're not listening again, you rascal! Everything I'm saying to you is friendly advice. You have good looks and a great family background. Many young girls can't help but approach you. If you like someone with good character, you can get together. You can't keep switching girlfriends like this." 
When Julia spoke, she couldn't help but sigh! 
Vincent immediately cast signaling glances at Jeremy. 
But it was as though Jeremy didn't see them. Jeremy's cell phone suddenly rang, so he stood up and answered the call. 
Vincent's expression suddenly darkened. He looked at Gareth again, only to find Gareth looking away from him. Vincent gritted his teeth. D*mn! 
He got up and walked to Gareth's side before he held Gareth's arm. Vincent ground his teeth as he said, "Is it just because I sat beside Grandma? You got freaking upset because I sat too close to your woman! I've stood up! I'm gone, alright?!" 
As Vincent spoke, he pulled Gareth hard. "Go there. You can sit there!" 
Julia and Elisa were puzzled. 
The two looked at Vincent, baffled. They didn't know what was going on with him. 
However, Gareth understood too well what Vincent was saying! 
Because Vincent had utterly hit the nail on the head! 
Gareth's expression darkened at once. "Will you die if you say nothing?" 
"Of course!" 
It's because this stupid man isn't saying anything! Grandma kept talking about my past because of this, and Elisa freaking heard all of it. What will happen when Elisa spreads it to Rachel?! 
Vincent was furious! 
But at the next moment, his brows jumped viciously! 
What's going on?! 
Why do I have to think about whether Elisa knows about it?! 
What does it have to do with me?! 
Or Rachel?! 
He was free in the past, and new women would always be around him. He didn't care, and many
people used to admonish him. But at the time, he was indifferent! He didn't have a reasonable opinion of women. 
But now…?! 
Vincent's brows seemed to twitch viciously. He couldn't hear what people around him said. 
"You brat, what are you thinking about?" Julia looked at Vincent in exasperation. 
Vincent suddenly came to his senses and looked at Julia. He had a complicated expression but still smiled. "No, it's nothing. I'm going to the washroom." 
After that, Vincent got up and walked to the washroom but didn't need to relieve himself. He took out a cigarette and lit it instead. 
His brows furrowed tightly. Until now, he didn't know why he would have such thoughts. 
He finished the cigarette quickly, but it didn't solve his troubles. In fact, he felt more irritable. He even wanted to leave immediately so that what had happened wouldn't repeat. 
He opened the windows because he knew Old Madam Wickam had lung cancer, so he naturally wanted good ventilation. He wanted to leave the washroom only when no smoke was on him. 
Outside, Julia looked in the direction of the washroom strangely. She couldn't help but say, "What's up with the Shane fellow? He doesn't seem to be in a good mood. Do you want to take a look?" 
Julia looked at Gareth when she said the last few words. 
Elisa didn't know what Vincent was thinking about, nor did she know how Vincent felt about Rachel. She also looked at Gareth subconsciously. 
###chapter1093
Chapter 1093
"Ignore him." Gareth's chilly voice was heard. This made Julia and Elisa more suspicious. 
Gareth clearly knew why Vincent was acting strangely. 
But Gareth didn't plan on talking about it. 
Julia furrowed her brows slightly but ultimately didn't say anything. 
Jeremy came back shortly after his phone call ended. He sat on the couch again and didn't see Vincent around, so he asked, puzzled, "Where's Vincent?" 
"He's been in the washroom for a while and hasn't come out. Something's up with him. Why don't you go and check on him?" Julia was slightly worried that she had been too harsh and that he didn't want to come out. 
He was a man, after all, and it wasn't convenient for Julia to go to the washroom. 
Jeremy raised his brows and nodded agreeably. "Alright." 
After that, he got up and walked to the washroom. 
He knocked on the door. "Why are you still inside?" 
"I'm smoking." The voice inside was faint, but Jeremy could hear how gloomy Vincent felt. 
Vincent had wanted to leave the washroom after he got rid of the cigarette's odor by opening the
window. Still, he had finished the first cigarette too quickly. It didn't make him feel less jittery, so Vincent lit a second cigarette in frustration. He did this one after another, and he smoked three cigarettes. 
Jeremy had also witnessed the scene just now. He paused and said indifferently, "Open the door. I want to smoke too." 
It was silent, but after a while, Vincent opened the door. 
Jeremy walked in while Vincent leaned against the window. Vincent was still looking outside and had no intentions of speaking to Jeremy. 
Jeremy paused momentarily. He said in exasperation, "Have you not realized your current situation?" 
Vincent turned to look at Jeremy, baffled. "What are you saying?" 
Jeremy's lips twitched. "What do you think?" 
Jeremy didn't say anything else. He didn't want to say too much. 
But Vincent wrinkled his brows tightly and didn't know what Jeremy was saying. "You're strange." 
After that, he lit another cigarette. It was his fourth. Meanwhile, Jeremy, who had said he wanted to come in for a smoke, had no intention of smoking. 
Vincent handed Jeremy a cigarette, but Jeremy didn't intend to take it. Jeremy said calmly, "Cigarettes are now the worst for Old Madam Wickam. If you keep smoking like this, when will you be done?" 
Vincent frowned, and he removed the cigarette from his lips. He puffed on it restlessly before he looked out the window again. 
Jeremy followed his gaze. It's a sea of flowers. Old Mr. Wickam must have prepared them for Old Madam Wickam. 
Jeremy said, "Love feels fascinating sometimes. Gareth's grandfather is opinionated and does as he likes, but he is gentle toward Old Madam Wickam. He even personally prepared the sea of flowers for her. They still yearn for love at such an old age. They're truly growing old together hand in hand." 
Vincent's gaze flickered. At that moment, he looked at the sea of flowers before him, and his expression became more complicated. 
Jeremy smiled. "What Old Madam Wickam said was good advice. You should look for a suitable girl and grow old together." 
"Grow old together?" Vincent sneered when he repeated these words.
###chapter1094
Chapter 1094
Vincent stared at Jeremy, and the iciness deep in Vincent's eyes seemed to emerge slightly. 
Jeremy looked away from the sea of flowers outside and turned to look at Vincent instead. He said calmly, "Yes." 
"You should know our situation best. Old Madam Wickam found true love because times were different then. Can we grow old with someone? Are you kidding? Have you found a suitable woman?" 
Vincent's voice was filled with ridicule. After he spoke, he didn't look at Jeremy. Vincent felt that Jeremy was confusing today because he was saying such things out of the blue. If this got out, other people would think Jeremy was a madman. 
Vincent didn't feel like smoking anymore, nor was he interested in speaking to Jeremy any longer. He wanted to wait for the odor on him to dissipate before he was going to leave. 
It wasn't nice to stay in the washroom for so long. 
But Jeremy ignored Vincent's internal thoughts and said calmly, "If you're not troubled because of love, why are you feeling so restless? Old Madam Wickam just advised you like she always does. Why are you in such a state?" 
Jeremy's voice was remarkably calm, and it was just a regular question. 
But… Vincent's body quivered viciously because of Jeremy's words. Endless disbelief was intertwined in Vincent's eyes. 
He's right. 
Why? 
Old Madam Wickam has repeatedly advised me, but it's never been a big deal. So why is it making me feel so restless today? 
He suddenly wanted to smoke again! 
Vincent unconsciously looked for his cigarette pack. Before taking it out, he thought of Old Madam Wickam's health and suppressed his agitation. 
But Jeremy seemed to see the veins on Vincent's forehead protrude gradually. 
Jeremy laughed lightly, but it wasn't a joyful laugh. In fact, Jeremy seemed to have seen through Vincent. Jeremy said apathetically, "Rachel." 
He only said her name and suddenly stopped speaking. 
Vincent turned to look at Jeremy abruptly and seemed spooked. His brows furrowed tightly. "Why are you bringing her up out of the blue?!" 
"Look at yourself. Turn around. There's a mirror." Jeremy stepped aside after that, and Vincent subconsciously turned to look at himself in the mirror. 
It was his usual appearance, but there was an unconcealable irritation in his eyes. Vincent could see
the alarm on his face. 
That's right. 
Alarm. 
The alarm that emerged when secrets were exposed. 
Jeremy looked at the frenzied reflection of Vincent in the mirror and said indifferently, "You already like Rachel. If you want this relationship, pursue it before it's too late rather than drag it out. When I passed by yesterday, I saw a man sending her flowers. I asked on your behalf and discovered that he has been pursuing Rachel for over a year." 
Vincent instantly looked at Jeremy's reflection through the mirror, and Vincent's expression darkened. 
But at the next moment, Vincent scoffed. "Someone that Rachel doesn't like must be below average. What is there to mention?" 
"Really?" Jeremy smiled, seeming as though he didn't want to continue. 
But his smile made Vincent feel indescribably flustered. He subconsciously looked at Jeremy and said in a low voice, "What does your smile mean?" 
He stared at Jeremy and didn't say a word, but there was nothing but frost displayed in his eyes.
###chapter1095
Chapter 1095
Jeremy didn't want to tease Vincent or hide anything from him. Jeremy looked at Vincent and said in a low voice, "I recognized the man at first glance. He's the third son of the Wells family." 
Vincent's pupils shrank suddenly, and he immediately said, "Tyler Wells?!" 
Jeremy didn't say anything, which was an implicit acknowledgment. 
Vincent's expression turned nastier. Why didn't I know about it? 
The next moment, he looked at Jeremy, and Jeremy didn't look like he was joking. Vincent's brows furrowed tightly. "You…" 
Vincent suddenly stopped because he knew Jeremy would never lie to him about such things. 
Since Jeremy said it, it must be true! 
Vincent didn't need to ask and confirm again. 
"Do you feel like panicking now?" Jeremy looked at Vincent indifferently. 
Vincent's expression changed slightly, but he recovered the next moment. He shrugged. "What should I panic about? She must still have some feminine charm since a man has his eye on her. If they get together, it may be good news. It'll save her from not being able to get married in the future. Whoever wants her must be a fool with how she is." 
Jeremy was flabbergasted.
Vincent was ignorant and firm in his wrong beliefs. If they weren't good friends, Jeremy would have paid him no attention long ago. 
Jeremy took a breath and calmed himself down before he said indifferently, "It is said that Tyler has prepared a great scene to pursue her these few days. He must have seen Gareth and Will's pursuit of Elisa, so he wants to do it too. If it goes public, they'll naturally get together, and you won't be able to approach her again. Perhaps… since you anger her repeatedly, she will feel that Tyler is very gentle even if she doesn't like him. The two of them will…" 
Jeremy didn't finish his sentence, allowing Vincent to use his imagination. 
Vincent was dumbstruck. 
He didn't want to say anything and felt more frantic! 
At that moment, he suddenly didn't care about anything. He took out another cigarette and lit it. 
In an instant, smoke curled around them. 
Jeremy stood in front of Vincent and said calmly, "It's your last cigarette, isn't it?" 
Vincent didn't say anything as if he agreed implicitly. 
Jeremy raised his hand and patted Vincent's shoulder. "That's all I have to say. I can only help you so much as your friend. If you miss this again, you may become the second Gareth." 
Vincent's expression suddenly darkened, but he didn't say anything this time, nor did he intend to retort. Jeremy couldn't understand Vincent's thoughts, but Jeremy didn't want to mull over it. He said calmly, "Old Madam Wickam was worried about you just now, so she told me to come and look at you. She even asked if she had been too harsh. Get rid of the smoke on you and come out. Old Madam Wickam is sick, so don't upset her." 
"Alright," Vincent answered. He said nothing else and extinguished the cigarette he had barely puffed on. 
Jeremy didn't stay any longer. He opened the door and walked out. 
But Jeremy didn't walk toward Julia. He stood at the washroom door and didn't plan to go there. 
After all, a distinct smokey odor was still on him. 
The three on the couch looked over, and Julia asked, "What's wrong? Why is the Shane fellow still inside?" 
Jeremy smiled. "He's addicted to smoking and is smoking inside. He'll come out shortly." 
###chapter1096
Chapter 1096
"It's been so long. Isn't Vincent done?" Julia's eyes were worried, and she didn't believe Jeremy. 
Jeremy smiled and said, "He's addicted to smoking, and one isn't enough. He'll be out shortly. I smell like smoke now." 
Julia suddenly shook her head in frustration. "He can't smoke like that, even if he's young!" 
Jeremy nodded in agreement. "Mm. I should advise him to quit smoking." 
Elisa raised her brows but didn't say anything. From the start until the end, Gareth sat still on the couch as though he didn't plan on paying Vincent any attention. 
"I'm going to make a call. I'll be back shortly," Jeremy said before he walked out. 
"Go ahead." Julia knew they were busy, but she didn't know Jeremy did it because the smell of tobacco on him was too strong, and it would affect her health if he approached. 
After around half an hour, Vincent came out. 
Jeremy had also come back after his 'phone call.' 
His eyes flashed when he saw the four people who sat in pairs across from each other, but he said nothing. 
Julia looked at Vincent with concern. "Why did you go in and smoke for so long? You brat, was I too harsh just now?" 
Vincent put aside his complicated emotions and became his usual cheerful self. He walked to Julia beamingly and sat down in front of her. "How can that be? You said it for my own good, Grandma. If I can't differentiate this, I'm not fit to be human." 
Julia suddenly laughed out loud. "Why are you being so serious? But it's good that you're not angry at me. I just want you to live happily for the rest of your life. The best decision I made in this life was to marry Darren." 
When she spoke, she glanced at Gareth. "Grandpa treats me well. It's been ten years, but it seems like a day. I'm happy." 
It… seemed to be directed at Vincent and Gareth. 
Living together happily was important. 
Vincent suddenly had a complicated expression. He looked down so his emotions wouldn't be revealed. 
As for Gareth… He glanced at Elisa silently, only to see her sitting comfortably before Julia. Her usual smile was in the corner of her mouth, and her hand would touch Grandma's wrist occasionally. 
Gareth's eyes flashed. It seemed like Elisa wasn't paying attention to what Grandma said because she was focused on Grandma's pulse. 
Everyone chatted, and it was soon lunchtime. 
Everyone ate together, and Julia looked at them in astonishment. "You've kept me company today for a long time. It's enough. I know that you're good kids. Go on with what you have to do after lunch." 
Vincent immediately said, "That won't do!" 
His voice was filled with reluctance. "Since we agreed on one day, it has to be one day. They have to stay and spend a night here! Hehe, I'm going to keep watch here. You can't chase us away, Grandma!" 
Julia was slightly astonished. "You're going to stay here tonight?" 
"That's right," Vincent vowed solemnly. 
After that, he looked at Gareth and Jeremy with a mischievous smile. "In any case, both of you are well-known figures. You won't go back on your word, will you?" 
Jeremy shrugged indifferently. "Of course not. It's quite nice to stay here." 
###chapter1097
Chapter 1097
Everyone subconsciously looked at Gareth. He said nonchalantly, "I'm just staying at home. What kind of punishment is this?" 
In other words, this was his house. He didn't feel that it was strange. 
After that, everyone looked at Elisa simultaneously. 
It wouldn't be nice to bring Elisa into the bet. 
Therefore… only the three of them could be involved in the excuse they had come up with. 
What about Elisa? 
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly, and she turned to look at Julia. "Grandma, I want to stay and keep you company tonight as well." 
Julia was instantly flabbergasted, and her voice was pleasantly surprised. "You can stay too?" 
Elisa smiled. "Of course." 
As she spoke, she seemed to glance at Gareth. Her gaze was shy, affectionate, and complicated… 
Various emotions were intertwined in her eyes, and Julia was perplexed! 
What… is going on?! 
Liz is unexpectedly willing to stay and looks at Gareth that way? Don't tell me… the two of them…?! 
Does Liz have feelings for Gareth again? 
Or did her feelings never disappear? Is Liz willing to try again because of Gareth's current changes? 
I called it! Liz had such deep feelings. How could she have let them go so quickly? Back then, she was distressed for Elisa's sake and felt that Elisa had endured much suffering. 
If she could see them reconcile and see a great-grandchild in her lifetime… 
When Julia thought about it, she became more excited and immediately said, "Alright! That's great!" 
She wasn't suspicious at all. 
Everyone subconsciously breathed a sigh of relief. 
But… 
Except for Gareth. Other than a sigh of relief, he felt indescribably complicated. 
Elisa had looked at him with such a gaze in the past, and he had been sick of it. 
But now… Gareth's heart had fluttered subconsciously when he saw Elisa's gaze. Still, he felt indescribably irritated at the next moment when he knew she was pretending. 
Even he couldn't describe his complicated feelings. 
Elisa smiled and said nothing. 
And Julia was in a great mood with so many people keeping her company. 
Actually… 
Everyone stayed to see if anything went wrong with the medicine. If it did, the four would notice it immediately and find a way to solve it. 
After lunch, Old Madam Wickam went to rest. 
Gareth's gaze fell on Elisa, and he gave her a look. Even if he didn't say anything, Elisa understood. 
When everyone went to their rooms to rest, Elisa hesitated before following Gareth to his room. 
After all, they had been by Grandma's side the whole morning and never spoke privately. Gareth must have been concerned about Grandma's condition. 
Elisa didn't keep Gareth in suspense after he closed the door. She said, "I felt Grandma's pulse many times, and she's in good shape. There were no sudden anomalies. Perhaps she's recovering as well as the rest." 
Gareth didn't say anything. His brows sank slightly, and Elisa could see the worry in his eyes. She thought about it and said, "Do you have any questions?" 
Gareth looked at her slowly and paused momentarily before saying in a low voice, "How confident are
you?' 
Elisa pursed her lips and suddenly turned to look out the window. She saw the tree leaves fluttering outside in the wind through the sheer curtain.
###chapter1098
Chapter 1098
The leaves looked like they were dancing elegantly. Elisa could hardly imagine that they were controlled entirely by the wind. They had no way of staying still. 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly before she looked away. 
"I don't know." Elisa hung her head slightly. She breathed and said, "I don't know if I can cure Grandma, and I don't know what the final result will be. I'm only certain that by doing this, Grandma has better chances of survival than her initial treatment." 
Her voice seemed to be firmer when she said the last few words. 
Gareth's eyes flashed, and he slowly said, "That's enough." 
Elisa turned and looked at Gareth with astonishment. She never thought Gareth would say such things. 
She thought Gareth would have more expectations and want better solutions. 
But… 
Things weren't as surprising as she thought. 
After a pause, she controlled her emotions and looked at the man before saying calmly, "But I will cure you." 
Gareth suddenly looked at her in surprise. 
Elisa directly addressed his doubts. "It's because your symptoms are much milder than Grandma's. Furthermore, Jeremy would have found a way to make you undergo chemotherapy rather than use other ways to treat you if you were in critical condition." 
Gareth's lashes fluttered slightly. He never thought Elisa would be so confident. 
Jeremy had said there would be a two hundred percent success rate if Elisa was eighty percent sure. 
It sufficed to say she was confident in curing him if she spoke so confidently! 
This was astonishing. 
Elisa pursed her lips. "Grandma's condition was discovered a little late, and I'm unsure. But for you…" After a moment's hesitation, she looked at him. "Have you thought of giving up?" 
Gareth was slightly startled. He never thought Elisa would say such things. But the next moment, he said calmly, "Yes and no. I still have many things to do." 
"Then…" Elisa's eyes flickered. She suddenly stopped herself from subconsciously asking a question. 
Her lips curved subconsciously, and it seemed slightly sad. 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly, and he asked, "What did you want to say?" 
He felt that Elisa was being strange and that what she had wanted to say might have been what he wanted to know. 
Elisa resumed her usual demeanor. "It's nothing. Is there anything else you want to ask me?" 
Gareth pursed his lips and stared at her as if still waiting for her to say something. 
But Elisa said, "I'm going to leave if there's nothing else." 
After that, she turned to leave, but Gareth grabbed her with his sharp eyes and nimble hands. He asked. "What did you want to say?" 
Elisa's lashes fluttered slightly, and she was about to speak… 
She felt that asking would be humiliating. And at such a stage, it wasn't necessary. It didn't have any direct connection to her. 
Just as she was about to speak, Elisa's cell phone suddenly rang at the right time, but it was also the wrong time. 
She took out her cell phone unconsciously and looked at the caller display. 
The number wasn't saved. Both Elisa nor Gareth didn't have the habit of saving numbers. 
But… both had a photographic memory. With one glance, Gareth knew who the number belonged to. In an instant, the temperature in the room turned icy.
###chapter1099
Chapter 1099
Elisa's brows furrowed slightly, and she glanced at Gareth subconsciously, only to see his cold eyes staring at her. She opened her mouth, but before she could say anything, Gareth said in a low voice, "I forbid you to answer." 
Elisa looked at him, perplexed. "Forbid?" 
What is he thinking about, talking to me like that? 
Gareth didn't say anything and kept pulling her arm. He had no intention of letting go. Elisa said calmly, "I'm working with him. Furthermore, you and I don't have any relationship." 
She had overstepped boundaries just now. She shouldn't have had the idea to ask Gareth about it. 
Regardless if he was sick, his hatred for her was undisputed. 
Elisa took a breath and restrained her feelings. But Gareth's words made her emotions rise again. 
"No relationship? Do you think we currently have no relationship?" 
Elisa instantly looked at him, seeming slightly restless and panicked because he had disrupted her inner peace. She said, "We've never had any type of relationship. Ever." 
After that, Elisa wanted to shake Gareth off forcefully, but he didn't allow her to do so. He held onto her arm firmly, but she wasn't in pain. 
But Elisa couldn't answer the call if he didn't let go. It wouldn't be good if she answered and Gareth
started spouting nonsense. 
"Let go." 
Gareth looked at her coldly. "We've hugged, kissed, and slept together. Tell me if we have a relationship, Elisa Benett." 
Elisa's expression changed. "That was in the past. We've divorced, and we have the papers to prove it." 
But after she spoke, Gareth suddenly wrapped his hand around her waist. Elisa didn't notice it, and his strength made her fall into his arms, where strands of her hair fell on him. Her black hair on his black suit unexpectedly made a beautiful scene. 
Gareth looked down and stared at the person before him, who was panicked and slightly angry. He suddenly leaned forward and kissed her lips! 
Elisa's eyes instantly widened and were filled with disbelief. At the next moment, she struggled frantically. But the man held on to her tightly and didn't give her a chance to break free. 
"Let…" 
Because her lips suddenly parted, Gareth took the opportunity to conquer her. Elisa's heart was about to jump out of her chest instantly! 
Her mind was slightly dazed, and her face flushed quickly! 
But she couldn't break free from the man, because he held the back of her head tightly. She didn't have any strength at all. 
The cell phone was still ringing in the room while Gareth had taken control of Elisa. He didn't allow her to struggle at all. 
Elisa's eyes widened, and she looked at the man in anger. She said incoherently, "Let go, Gareth Wickam!" 
She didn't dare to speak too loudly because she feared it would disturb others. 
How could Gareth allow Elisa to break free? He took command of her and had no intention of letting go. 
Gareth stared at the woman before him and saw her glaring at him angrily. But… after a moment, her face was flushed. She shut her eyes, afraid of meeting his gaze, but still struggled. 
However, as Gareth planned to go at it, someone suddenly opened the room door. After that, a man's dumbfounded voice was heard. "Gareth, you're…"
###chapter1100
Chapter 1100
The voice stopped abruptly. 
Vincent's eyes were wide open! 
He was stunned when he saw the man and woman in an embrace amid a particularly intimate action. 
What… is going on… 
In that instant, when he was staring blankly, Elisa suddenly pushed Gareth away, but… Gareth still held on to Elisa's hand and didn't let go. 
He didn't look at Elisa. Instead, his cold gaze was directed straight at the door. 
Vincent came to his senses, and his expression changed slightly. 
I came at… the wrong freaking time. Gareth and Elisa are being intimate, so I'm in the way! 
Perhaps Gareth summoned the courage to do something to Elisa, but as it turns out… 
He took a deep breath and said, "I… It's nothing. I didn't see anything!" 
After that, he ran away swiftly, perhaps because he feared getting beaten up. He made a big show of leaving, and the door shut with a bang. 
As if someone had slammed the door in anger. 
Gareth's expression suddenly turned nastier! 
At that moment, Elisa's face was flushed a scarlet red. She never imagined Gareth would do such things to her or that someone would see them! 
And Gareth was upset because Vincent's arrival had interrupted him! 
Elisa took a deep breath and struggled but to no avail. Her brows wrinkled tightly, and she looked at him. "Let go!" 
Elisa's cell phone stopped ringing. Will must have thought she was busy, so he didn't call again. 
Elisa gritted her teeth. "What on earth do you want, Gareth Wickam?!" 
Gareth looked coldly at the person before him. "What about now?" 
"What?" Elisa asked subconsciously. For a moment, she didn't understand what he was talking about. 
"Are you still going to say you have no relationship with me?" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She had said that they had no relationship. Gareth replied that they had done everything, but she retorted that it was in the past. 
So that was why Gareth did that to me! 
It was as if he wanted to prove something, as though he was saying, we've kissed now. Do we still have no relationship? 
Elisa's face was burning. She never thought Gareth would go so far as to do such things to her. 
She took a deep breath and restrained her emotions. She seemed to ignore the man as she exerted force again. 
But… 
She still couldn't break free from him. Gareth pulled her and wouldn't let go, no matter what. 
"What on earth do you want, Gareth Wickam?" At that moment, it was as though Elisa's voice was intertwined with exhaustion. Upon closer inspection, the impatience in her eyes could be seen. 
Gareth's gaze was much sharper. He paused and sneered. "What do I want?" 
Elisa frowned, and she stared at the man before her. 
She kept quiet as if waiting for Gareth to speak. 
After a pause, Gareth said in a low voice, "You've always known what I wanted. Elisa Benett, tell me what I want." 
Elisa suddenly laughed in a rage. "You were extremely fed up with me since the start. You even told me not to approach you for the rest of my life. Gareth Wickam, take a look at what you're doing now. Don't you think it's funny?" 
The veins on Gareth's forehead twitched, and he raised his hand to suppress them. 
But his other hand still held on to her and had no intention of letting go. He paused and seemed to restrain his emotions before trying his best to speak calmly. "Let's start over, Liz." 
###chapter1101
Chapter 1101
Elisa was bewildered at his words. 
To be exact, she was feeling numb. 
She never imagined Gareth would say such words so gently. 
"Are you mad?" Elisa said after a long pause. 
Gareth stared at her. His expression was serious, and his voice was low. "I'm not kidding." 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She turned away and didn't want to look at the man but slowly said, "Gareth, we're not suitable. Getting together in the past was a mistake, so there's no need to continue making this mistake. Divorce is good for both of us." 
She paused, but the man still grabbed her wrist, and she couldn't break free. She didn't wait for the man to respond as she furrowed her brows and looked at Gareth. Impatience was intertwined in her voice. "I was mad about you in the past, but you never even looked at me. You hated me in every possible way, and your words left me riddled with scars. Why should I start over with such a man like you, Gareth?" 
Gareth was slightly startled. The coldness in his eyes seemed to gradually dissipate because of her words. 
But this time, Elisa seemed to have found an outlet to vent. She couldn't help but sneer. "You and Will
are no different to me. Right now, both of you just want to take advantage of me. You just want to be with me to exploit me. But Gareth, you don't have to do that. I will work with you when necessary, for Grandma's sake. Furthermore, working with you brings me no harm." 
Elisa's voice seemed to be louder than before, and resentment was intertwined in it. 
Gareth's brows instantly furrowed tightly. "Do you know what you're saying?" 
His voice was icy, and he stared at Elisa with a frosty gaze. 
But Elisa couldn't help but scoff again. "I realized that I'm really dumb. In the past, I might have thought that there was a tiny possibility you wanted to reconcile with me because you might actually like me. But you still want to remarry me when you clearly know you can't live long. What a great scheme, Gareth Wickam. Are you trying to make me a widow to embarrass me because I hijacked your marriage and stopped you from marrying the person you wanted to repay?" 
Gareth's expression immediately darkened, and an endless coldness emerged in his frosty eyes. "Is that what you think of me?" 
"From how you act, should I think you might live long? Do you truly love and want to protect me for the rest of my life?" The sarcastic smile on the corners of Elisa's lips was evident. Upon seeing Gareth silent with pursed lips, she sneered again. "I'm not so na?ve yet." 
The veins on Gareth's forehead started twitching again, but he didn't raise his hand to suppress them. Instead, he forcefully grabbed Elisa's wrist and made her fall into his arms. 
At the next moment, his other hand hugged her slender waist. The close proximity between the two
made Elisa's expression turn nastier. 
"Let go! Let go, Gareth Wickam!" 
As she spoke, she suddenly raised her feet and stomped viciously on the man's foot! She was even annoyed that she was only wearing slippers. After all, she had changed her shoes when she came in. 
But…
###chapter1102
Chapter 1102
Gareth knew what she was thinking about and immediately avoided her. Elisa stepped on nothing. 
"Let go!" Elisa was furious this time. She looked coldly at the man before her. Upon closer inspection, the contempt in her eyes could be seen. 
In the past, Elisa might have had misgivings about the fact that he had stomach cancer. 
But now, she could cure him, so she didn't care! 
She thought to herself. So what if I anger Gareth? Has he never treated me like this? How has he embarrassed me in the past? 
It had made Elisa fall apart entirely. It had taken a lot of time and energy for her to recover… 
That period was the darkest time in her life. 
I have a great life now. Why don't I appreciate it? Why do I keep involving myself with Gareth? 
Am I ill? 
Do I want to constantly be bullied by this man instead of living happily? 
"You still have me in your heart, Elisa Benett. You have to admit it." Gareth's voice was calm. He lowered his eyes and stared at the woman before him. He saw through everything. 
Elisa scoffed. "I would be mad to love you as I did in the past. I've said it before, Gareth Wickam. You
can be honest if you want to make use of me. I'll work with you, if possible, not only for Grandma's sake but also for the good of Benett Corporation. Since you're willing to give in and take the initiative to remarry the woman you used to hate, don't hesitate to let me know about future partnerships. You can get Thomas to look for me if you don't want to. It's fine." 
There was resentment in Elisa's words at first, but she relaxed when she finished speaking. 
But she didn't know that her every word was like a sharp knife. It pierced Gareth's heart precisely over and over again. 
Gareth subconsciously took a breath. His forehead veins protruded more obviously, and its twitching could be faintly seen. 
"Can you let go now?" Elisa repeated, seeming slightly impatient before Gareth could answer. 
After that, she never thought the grip around her waist would loosen. 
Elisa instantly breathed a sigh of relief. She didn't glance at the man or see his complicated expression. She turned and opened the door. 
But… 
As soon as she opened the door! 
"Oh my god!" 
Elisa was suddenly frightened by the voice. She backed away at once and avoided the man's staggering figure! 
When she opened the door, she saw Vincent crouched down with his ears at the door. 
It turned out that he had been eavesdropping behind the door! 
So Vincent hadn't actually left after closing the door! 
He had been listening to them instead! 
"A misunderstanding… Really…" Vincent smiled sheepishly. He even raised his hands as if he wanted to surrender and explain. 
Elisa's expression instantly turned nastier. She didn't look at him nor turn to glance at the man behind her, who had cold air all around him. She made her way out! 
Vincent raised his head slightly to see Elisa run out with flushed cheeks. 
He was somewhat astonished. Vincent felt the icy temperature in the room before coming to his senses. He even felt a gaze as sharp as knives scan his face inch by inch. It seemed like he was about to receive a punishment soon. 
###chapter1103
Chapter 1103
Just as Vincent thought about what to say, Gareth's murderous voice was suddenly heard. "How would you like to perish?" 
Vincent suddenly smiled awkwardly. "It's a misunderstanding… It's really a misunderstanding." 
He turned and closed the door as he spoke before saying clumsily, "I just… was afraid you would fail. In any case, I'm a love expert. If I noticed anything lacking, I could have given you advice. I never thought I would suddenly be discovered. And you… Why did you let her go? If you didn't, she wouldn't have bumped into me so awkwardly." 
Edgar laughed in a rage. "You still have the cheek to speak?" 
Yes! Why not?! Vincent answered silently. 
But he didn't have the nerve to say it aloud. He could only cough in embarrassment. "By the way, you took the initiative today. Have you decided to reconcile?" 
"I've said it previously." 
"But she's misjudged you. She thinks you want to be with her even though you know you won't live long. She thinks you want to take advantage of her. If you don't tell her, bro, she'll feel more disgusted with you." 
More… 
After that, Vincent suddenly felt that he had said the wrong thing. 
Just as expected, he felt Gareth's sharp gaze. 
He immediately smiled and said, "No, I mean her state of mind. Don't you think I know she doesn't know what happened? You know Brandon and Will aren't good people, so you chose to protect her in such a way so she won't have any thoughts about either of them." 
They thought Will and Brandon would deceive Elisa after approaching her. 
But not Gareth. He hated her previously but not anymore. The past was a misunderstanding. Other people had instigated things between them, and he had never noticed Elisa's good qualities. 
But he saw them now. 
Moreover, Elisa had cared about him so much in the past. To Gareth, he thought that she still liked him even if she hated him now. If Gareth took more initiative, Elisa might develop feelings for him again. Even if he couldn't give her anything now, it would be better than her falling in love with Will and Brandon. He didn't know how they would deceive her in the future, and he didn't want Elisa to get hurt. 
Vincent saw Gareth silent from the start until the end and sighed in exasperation. "Bro, I think you should explain to Elisa what happened in the past. Otherwise, it won't be good if she keeps misjudging you. But to put it another way…" 
Vincent coughed lightly as if wondering if he should say anything. 
Gareth stared at him. "Speak." 
"Do you have actual feelings for her? If not, I don't think you have to approach her. After all, Elisa is an intelligent and rational woman. She was ultimately willing to take the initiative and give you up even when she loved you so much. She let you go freely, which suffices to show that she won't be tricked easily." 
Gareth's expression darkened! 
Vincent scoffed silently. Serves him right! I should hit his sore spots so he will realize Elisa's importance to him! 
After that, Vincent said rationally, "Look, she said it just now."
###chapter1104
Chapter 1104
"To her, you and Will are the same kind of person. Both of you want to exploit her, and she knows it. If you don't like her, there's no need to sacrifice yourself to protect her. She doesn't need it." 
Gareth's brows seemed to sink. His sharp gaze was directed straight at Vincent, but Vincent didn't seem to notice. Vincent patted Gareth's shoulder and smiled. "Bro, I think you had better take care of yourself. It won't be a problem. I…" 
As Vincent spoke, he yawned and said infuriatingly, "I haven't slept, so I'm feeling slightly tired. I'm going to take a nap. You should rest too." 
After that, Vincent left. 
Vincent didn't plan on staying because he had said what he needed to and done everything he could to upset Gareth. It was naturally time for him to leave, and he felt great! 
Stupid man! Can't even admit that he likes her. He kissed and hugged her on his own accord and did all sorts of things to approach her, but she didn't appreciate it. Serves him right! 
Vincent left in silent glee. He kindly shut the door for Gareth and instantly isolated the cold air inside. 
Gareth was alone in the room and slowly sat on the couch. He crossed his arms as they were on his legs. 
He looked down at the empty glasses on the coffee table and stared at them plainly. He suddenly couldn't bear to look at them, so he picked up the water jug at the side and filled a glass. He only stopped when the glass almost overflowed. 
Gareth didn't drink the water. He stared at the water swaying slightly in the translucent glass. It seemed like the water wasn't going to level. It kept wobbling from side to side, just like his current feelings. 
Gareth suddenly lay on the couch and shut his eyes. He raised his eyes and covered his twitching brows. 
Elisa. 
Elisa Benett. 
He unconsciously repeated Elisa's name and replayed her irritated face. 
There had been various expressions on her gorgeous face, except… a happy one. 
His ice-cold eyes seemed to only be filled with restlessness when he stared at her. 
… 
At that moment, Elisa returned to her room. She leaned against the door, and her cheeks were still flushed. She hadn't noticed that her heart was still thumping and beating in a rhythm like never before. 
She felt confused when she thought of her kiss with the man. She immediately turned her head and shut her eyes as if it could stop her jumbled thoughts. 
Her cell phone suddenly vibrated at the wrong time. It made her come to her senses at once. 
When Elisa saw that it was a text message from Will, she suddenly remembered that he had called her. 
Elisa took a deep breath and calmed her emotions. 
She opened her eyes and opened the text message to read what Will had sent. 
Will: 'Call me back when you're free.' 
Elisa shut her eyes again. She only called Will back when she was in a better mood. 
He answered quickly. 
"Are you swamped today?" 
Elisa's eyes flickered slightly, and she breathed before saying calmly, "My phone was on silent, and I didn't see it just now. Why did you call?" 
"Mm, something happened. I need to meet you." Will answered with ease. His voice was magnetic and pleasant, as usual. 
Elisa was slightly baffled. "What happened?"
###chapter1105
Chapter 1105
"Are you free tonight?" Will asked her instead of answering her question. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows. "Not tonight." 
"Tomorrow?" 
Elisa thought about Grandma and said, "Tomorrow might not work either. Must we meet to talk about it? I have something crucial to deal with for now, and I might not be able to leave." 
After all… the current matter with Grandma was essential. She had passed all her partnerships to James. 
"What are you doing?" Will still didn't talk about the specifics. 
Elisa paused and didn't answer. She asked, "What do you want to talk to me about? Is it about the jewel partnership this time?" 
"Yes and no. I can't tell you properly over the phone, so I'll wait for you. It's not extremely urgent. You can look for me when you have the time. Within a week will be fine." 
Elisa thought about it and replied, "Alright." 
"Mm. Remember to rest if you're too tired these days. Let me know any time if you need anything." Will's voice was always gentle, and he spoke with particular ease. 
Elisa smiled and said, "Thanks, but it's fine. I can deal with it." 
Her heart suddenly skipped a beat when she thought of the scene with Gareth. She… didn't even feel like talking to Will anymore. 
She paused before saying, "I have something to do. Is there anything else?" 
"Ah…" Will sighed in exasperation. "I just wanted to hear more of your voice. But if you have something to do, go ahead." 
Elisa's gaze froze, and she didn't say anything. She smiled and said, "Alright." 
She ended the call after that. She didn't want to talk to Will anymore. 
She put down her cell phone and walked to the couch before sitting. Her expression became more complicated, but she didn't know exactly what had happened. The scene just now was like a fuzzy dream. Her mind was in chaos, and she couldn't remember what had happened. 
But… 
She could remember fragments of the scene clearly. It made her heart beat faster. 
Elisa immediately put down her cell phone and shut her eyes. She tried her best to control her feelings. 
She didn't know how to describe it but felt more anxious and fretful. 
She really didn't want to stay here any longer. After interacting so much with Gareth, she felt unspeakable pain but didn't know why. 
She could undoubtedly live freely, but it seemed like Gareth kept haunting her. He obviously didn't like her and wanted to take advantage of her, but he wanted to make such a lowly choice and be with her. Didn't he feel restless and restricted? 
He clearly felt that she was a devious woman. In the past, he even wanted her to perish. But now, he was willing to make such a big sacrifice for profit. 
Heh… 
Should I be glad that I'm such an outstanding person, or should I feel sad that I'm only worthy of being exploited? 
Elisa's lips twitched, and the sadness in the corners of her lips grew. 
She leaned back on the couch and shut her eyes. She tried her best to clear her mind. She was fed up with her current life because it made her exceptionally uncomfortable. 
Elisa took a deep breath. 
And another deep breath. 
But before she could take a third deep breath, someone suddenly knocked at her door. 
###chapter1106
Chapter 1106
Elisa instantly opened her eyes, and her expression changed slightly. "Who is it?" 
It was as though the hairs on her body stood on end. But Elisa was feeling tense and didn't notice it. 
After a moment, a crafty voice came from the door. "Ahaha… It's me. Are you free? I have something to consult you about." 
Consult. 
Vincent said it politely, making Elisa feel he would ask her about legal matters. 
Elisa thought about it and opened the door for Vincent in the end. 
She saw the man greeting her with a smile and a wave. "Hello. We meet again." 
Elisa's brows immediately furrowed. The displeasure in her eyes clearly showed that she thought he was a menace. 
But… Elisa didn't know he had come because of that. 
Elisa stepped aside, and Vincent made his way over before he sat on the couch casually. 
Elisa shut the door and walked to him. She sat across from him and looked at him indifferently. "What do you want to ask me?" 
"I… just want to ask." Vincent coughed lightly. 
Elisa raised her brows. She didn't seem to understand what he said. 
Vincent smiled and said, "I just want to ask what you thought about just now." 
Elisa was perplexed. 
She wrinkled her brows, and her expression was clearly displeased. 
Vincent knew what she was thinking, but he continued, "Ah, haha, about that. Gareth's personality is more forceful. He's stubborn and doesn't say what's on his mind. I think you know about that personality of his, right?" 
Elisa frowned. "What on earth are you trying to say?" 
From her impression of Vincent, he wasn't particularly good at telling the truth. 
Because Vincent and Gareth were good friends, Rachel despised Vincent as well. 
At most, Elisa admired some of Vincent's talents. She didn't quite like his past matters, but it was Vincent's affairs and had nothing to do with her. Elisa naturally didn't dislike him that much. 
"I have too much to say." Vincent seemed to sigh in exasperation. He paused and continued, "Just like what happened just now. I… Ahem. I was worried. To be honest, I heard everything." 
Elisa laughed in a rage. "You're worried about me?" 
"How can that be?!" Vincent immediately raised his hands as if making things clear. "How can I be worried about you? I was worried about Gareth, that stupid man." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Is he worried about Gareth? Did he think I was going to eat Gareth up? 
The contempt in the corners of Elisa's lips seemed to deepen. 
Vincent immediately said, "Don't overthink! I was worried because he clearly still likes you but is headstrong, so he angers you instead." 
Elisa felt like she had heard a hilarious joke. "Gareth likes me? Please be mindful when you speak, Mr. Shane." 
Elisa didn't believe a word. Everything she said was filled with scorn. 
Vincent was dumbstruck. 
As expected! 
I freaking knew Gareth wasn't reliable. He doesn't know how to speak or do anything, making Elisa misjudge him so much. She even feels like I'm not being mindful… 
Gareth is amazing! 
Vincent shook his head at once. "How can that be?!" 
###chapter1107
Chapter 1107
He continued at once, "This really isn't what you think… He truly has you in his heart. It's just that he's too proud and doesn't know how to express himself." 
Elisa sneered. She didn't believe a word Vincent said. 
The corners of Vincent's lips twitched. Gareth is really amazing! How vile has he been to make Elisa hate him so much? She doesn't even believe a word I'm saying. 
Vincent sighed in exasperation. "Let me tell you this. Gareth has never hated you from the start." 
Elisa's lashes suddenly fluttered, but she regained consciousness the next moment. It seemed to her that Vincent was acting as a go-between for the sake of Gareth's interest so that she would believe Gareth and remarry him. Then, she would rely mainly on Wickam Group and not work with Darcey Group. This was another benefit for Wickam Group. 
After all… she was someone of value now. 
Elisa felt that it was ironic to be of value. 
Sometimes, she really felt that being ordinary was better. That way, those who approached her would have no ulterior motives. Perhaps she could even meet someone who would treat her sincerely. 
Now… 
The people around her. 
Heh… 
Elisa looked down and didn't want to hear Vincent speak. She said calmly, "You can stop talking if you're here for this. I want to rest." 
"No!" Vincent was slightly panicked. "I know you don't want to hear this, but I must clarify. This way, you can at least form a new judgment rather than be clueless thanks to that id*ot, Gareth." 
Elisa suddenly raised her eyes and looked at him with slight displeasure. Although she didn't say a word, her intention was clear. She didn't want to continue interacting with this man. 
Vincent said, "Alright. I won't waste your time, but listen to me as I summarize!" 
He glanced at Elisa after that and saw the annoyance growing in her eyes. She was about to speak when Vincent rushed to talk. "So! At the beginning, when your grandfather, no, Gareth's grandfather wanted the two of you to get married, Gareth wasn't actually opposed to it!" 
Elisa's lashes fluttered slightly as though her gaze were intertwined with surprise. 
"At the time, he had been fine and thought he could be with you for life. But after that, he was suddenly drugged, which caused what happened between the two of you. Ahem, you know what I'm talking about." 
Elisa's expression changed slightly. She didn't say anything, but her expression grew darker. 
Upon seeing her like that, Vincent continued at once. "At the time, even though he wasn't opposed to marrying you, he felt it wasn't the right time for many things, so he wanted to wait. Ultimately, his
grandfather was worried and wanted to secure Benett Corporation's profit, so he devised such a scheme. Actually, his grandfather knew at the time that Linda had made a move against you." 
Elisa suddenly raised her head and looked at him in astonishment. "What did you say?" 
"That night, you were drugged as well. Gareth and I knew about it, but Gareth didn't believe it then. He felt that you, your father, and his grandfather…" 
Vincent's expression changed slightly. D*mn it, why did I bring this up?! 
He quickly tried to change the topic, but Elisa sneered. 
###chapter1108
Chapter 1108
"He felt that my father and I looked for his grandfather and used such a way so other people would find out about us and know that we slept together. Therefore, he would have no choice but to take responsibility, and I could successfully marry him. He hated that I used such tricks, right?" 
Vincent was dumbfounded. 
D*mn! 
I knew I messed up! 
He shook his head at once, and his voice was firm. "But this is all a misunderstanding! A misunderstanding! This had nothing to do with you and your father. It was all Old Mr. Wickam. He knew that Linda had set you up with another man that day, so he beat her at her own game. He subdued the man and switched him with Gareth. Due to an unexpected turn of events, it was the two of you that night." 
Elisa instantly turned away and didn't want to speak. It was as though endless doubt was intertwined in her eyes. 
That's right. When Elisa had awoken that day, she had been in a daze. However, she felt frantic yet delighted when she discovered that Gareth was beside her. 
She had felt that losing herself to him for the first time was her life's honor. 
But… 
When he had woken up and discovered it was her, his cold eyes were filled with fury. Elisa had even seen the disappointment in his eyes. He had asked her if she was satisfied with such an outcome. 
She had been bewildered at the time. 
He hadn't been the only victim then, but he felt like he was. He had thought she had no sense of shame and had plotted against him. 
It was a ridiculous matter. 
When she recalled what had happened that day, Elisa felt that she had been humiliated, but she had no way out. After all, she didn't know what to say. She couldn't explain why such a situation had occurred, and she had no evidence that she had been framed. 
"It's fine. You don't have to continue." Elisa wasn't interested in listening to Vincent any longer. She said indifferently, "Leave." 
Vincent immediately said, "No! I'm not done! Listen to me!" 
He didn't care if Elisa was feeling impatient. He continued. "There was no way to explain clearly the misunderstanding at the time mainly because many things had happened, and Gareth had misjudged you… Ah… There was no way out. After that, Linda started to cause trouble. She used such vicious tricks and pretended to be in a vegetative state for so long. That woman can really suffer. Gareth's thinking changed slightly quickly, but he never had any feelings for Linda. You must believe me!" 
Elisa furrowed her brows, and the impatience in her eyes grew, but Vincent didn't care. He said, "After that, I can tell he didn't want a divorce when you brought it up, but he had no other choice after what
you did. He felt uncomfortable about it, not because it ruined his reputation, but because he didn't want to divorce you." 
Elisa sneered. "Where's the punchline of your joke?" 
"It's the truth!" Vincent's gaze was sincere. "He's a workaholic but frequently asked us for drinks amid your divorce. Oh, wait. I forgot something important!" 
Vincent looked at Elisa solemnly. "He discovered that he had cancer not long after you two got married!" 
###chapter1109
Chapter 1109
Elisa's eyes flashed, and she kept quiet. 
This time, she didn't seem to want to chase Vincent away and wanted to continue listening to what he had to say. 
Vincent naturally complied. He had wanted to explain anyway, so he continued. "Gareth became more downcast after discovering his cancer. Jeremy had been looking for a way to treat and buy time for him, but he realized it wasn't too late. Only a few of us knew about it, and he didn't allow us to tell anyone. At the time, there came the divorce with you, but… People are complicated sometimes. Although he wanted to divorce you, he couldn't bear to, so he kept dragging his feet at the time." 
Elisa's brows wrinkled tightly, but she didn't say anything. She didn't know if she should believe what Vincent said. No. To be more accurate, perhaps she couldn't believe him at all. 
Vincent naturally saw her emotions and sighed in exasperation. "I know… that you might not believe what I'm saying. You might even suspect that Gareth asked me to persuade you. But I just wanted to tell you the truth I know about." 
Elisa scoffed coldly. "You don't have to speak anymore. I don't believe a word you say." 
But even if it was true, Gareth didn't have to go so far as to request to remarry her when he clearly knew he was ill. This evidently showed how irresponsible he was toward her if he was going to leave her a widow. Perhaps… it was his revenge toward her. 
Revenge for what she had done to that man at the time that made Gareth lose his purity. Heh… 
Elisa didn't consider it further, but Vincent immediately said, "No! Gareth has always been a stubborn person. Perhaps he doesn't even want to admit it before us, but he drank his sorrows away. At the time, he knew he had stomach cancer, but he still wanted to drink, and we couldn't stop him. Jeremy could only think of ways to help him eliminate the alcohol. Do you know how sad he was at the time?" 
"Also! One more thing!" Vincent's voice went higher when he saw Elisa getting more impatient. He immediately said, "Gareth wants to remarry you even though he knows about his illness because he cares about you!" 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She was amused by Vincent's words. What kind of a joke is this? 
"He really cares about you. Look, Will keeps approaching you now. Although you don't know what kind of a person Will is, Gareth does! Will might be carried away by a whim. Maybe he has his eye on you and wants to marry you, but he's very ambitious. He will dump you when he realizes other women are more valuable than you! If that happens, you might be back in the trenches! It's a terrible feeling!" 
Elisa's eyes flashed. Yes. I've been living in misery, and Gareth has constantly abandoned me. I know that feeling too well. But what can I do? 
"Also, Brandon! He isn't good news. On the surface, he may seem to play for the other team, but it's just a lie that he made up. He has ulterior motives!" 
"Brandon?" Elisa suddenly furrowed her brows and looked at Vincent. 
Vincent's eyes flashed, and he could only say, "Yes. Gareth bumped into you and Brandon meeting in a bar."
###chapter1110
Chapter 1110
An indescribable coldness flickered across Elisa's eyes, but she didn't say anything. 
"He had bumped into you by accident. He wasn't following you. After all, places like bars are common meeting locations. He goes there for business frequently." 
Vincent saw Elisa silent and took a breath before continuing. "Gareth feels that Will and Brandon aren't good news. He's afraid they will hurt you, so he requested to remarry you on his own accord. There's one more reason for doing so. It's because he… also likes you! He's been paying attention to you, but his ways are infuriating." 
He's too overbearing! 
Vincent didn't say those words aloud. 
Elisa's expression looked exceptionally peaceful. Vincent sized her up, and the corners of his mouth twitched. He couldn't help but say, "Don't tell me you still don't believe a word I say?!" 
Elisa's lips twitched. "To me, he may not be as good as Will. Are you done yet? Can you leave?" 
Vincent was dumbstruck. 
Good gracious. Elisa stopped chasing Vincent away because she knew he would stick around, so she let him finish. She was waiting for him to leave when he had nothing else to say. 
He looked at her inquiringly while Elisa raised her brows as if hinting, can you leave yet? 
Vincent was flabbergasted. 
He took a deep breath. It's fine. I've said what I need to. As Gareth's good friend, I've helped him as much as possible. It depends on whether Elisa believes me! 
As Vincent pondered, he said exasperatedly, "Alright, I'm going to leave. Everything I told you is true. If you don't believe me, you can hang around Gareth more. Or maybe you can try to reconcile with him. I'm sure he will give you a surprise!" 
After that, he added. "This man doesn't know how to be romantic. He's just blunt. But there are advantages of being with someone so blunt too!" 
Elisa sneered coldly and said nothing. 
Vincent sighed in exasperation but didn't say anymore. He got up and left the room before shutting the door for Elisa. 
Elisa sat on the couch and didn't move. She didn't intend to sleep either. 
After what Vincent had said, the complicated and confused feelings she had felt when Gareth kissed and hugged her disappeared entirely. 
She took out her cell phone and scrolled Twitter instead. 
She put all thoughts about Gareth behind her. It was more enjoyable to play with her cell phone! 
Suppose Vincent knew that his presence not only managed to dissipate her stirred and jittery feelings
but also soothed her guilty conscience. He might have broken down and felt incredibly apologetic to his good friend in that case. 
Two hours passed quickly. 
Old Madam Wickam had awoken. She went down the stairs to the living room. 
She was delighted that these young people had come to keep her company today. She naturally didn't want to miss a moment, but she didn't want to stop everyone from resting, so she came down to wait for them. She never expected to see the four of them on the living room couch when she was downstairs. 
Julia immediately said in astonishment, "You're all awake." 
She walked to the couch as she spoke. 
Vincent instantly said beamingly, "Yes, that's right. Did you sleep well, Grandma?" 
Julia immediately smiled. "I did. I rested well. I woke up late, so I'm surprised to still see you here."
###chapter1111
Chapter 1111
Although Jeremy and Vincent weren't her biological grandchildren, they felt like grandsons to her! 
They were all obedient to her. 
They had played together as kids, and she had watched them grow up. Julia quite liked them. 
Including Elisa. Julia treated Elisa like her biological granddaughter! 
Elisa smiled. "Rest is important. We'll come and see you often." 
Julia shook her head. "I would love for you to be with me daily, but prioritize your careers. All of you would rarely put a night here. I've had enough rest." 
Everyone smiled. Grandma might have indeed been tired. After all, she had been up the whole morning and would inevitably be weary. 
They didn't want her to stay awake too long in the afternoon. 
But… 
Old Madam Wickam was in great spirits and had an excellent mood today. She chatted with them excitedly until dinnertime. 
When Old Mr. Wickam returned, he was surprised to see many people around. Especially… Elisa. His face immediately darkened. 
But when he turned to see his wife beaming radiantly, he ultimately suppressed the displeasure in his heart and walked in. He looked at everyone and asked, puzzled, "Oh, why is everyone here today?" 
There's even someone extra. 
He didn't say those words aloud. 
But Darren glanced at Elisa in annoyance out of the corner of his eyes. How is this woman so shameless? 
Doesn't Elisa know that I loathe her?! 
She's still sticking around here. Is she waiting for my grandson to regret and remarry her? 
Elisa can dream on as long as I'm alive! 
"I came to freeload, of course! Grandpa, you don't look very welcoming to us," Vincent answered with a smile. 
Old Mr. Wickam was immediately amused by Vincent's words. "You're teasing me, aren't you, you brat!" 
Vincent raised his brows immediately and answered, "How would I dare to tease you?" 
"Pfft. Is there anything you don't dare to do?" Old Mr. Wickam said as he walked to the washroom. He came out shortly and sat beside Julia. 
Julia glared at Darren. She had evidently seen how Darren looked at Elisa. 
Her gaze was a warning to him. Darren naturally didn't dare to be so brazen. 
Julia was immediately in a good mood again. She looked at everyone beamingly. "Come on, let's eat!" 
Darren picked up his utensils and was feeling quite annoyed. 
He felt uncomfortable because of Elisa. 
Everyone chatted and joked as they ate. Darren initially had a dark expression but didn't dare to say a word because of his wife's warning. It could be said that he ate dinner extremely sullenly. 
After dinner, everyone sat in the living room and continued chatting. Darren knew they would stick around for a while before leaving, so he couldn't be bothered to stay. He glanced at Gareth and said darkly, "Come to my study room. I need to talk to you." 
Gareth got up and walked to the study room with Darren. 
When the door shut, Darren couldn't control himself and said with a cloudy expression, "Why are so many people here today?" 
Gareth said calmly, "Come and take a look." 
He knew his grandfather merely wanted to ask why Elisa was there. 
But Gareth didn't seem to want to explain. He walked to the couch and sat down, ignoring Old Mr. Wickam's gaze. 
However, Old Mr. Wickam couldn't help himself.
###chapter1112
Chapter 1112
If Old Mr. Wickam was younger, he would have been shrewder. But now that he was older, he was pretty childlike at times. 
When he saw that Gareth wasn't explaining, he furrowed his brows in annoyance. "Don't you understand what I mean?!" 
Gareth raised his eyes and looked at Darren silently. 
Darren couldn't help but say, "When can Elisa be less shameless?" 
Gareth's brows furrowed. "Do you think she likes to see your long face every day? Do you think she would be here if not for Grandma?" 
Darren suddenly snorted coldly. "I don't want her to come! She's always like this. She clearly wants you to change your mind. Can't you see that this woman has such intentions?!" 
Gareth turned away and didn't look at Darren. He didn't want to pay too much attention to Darren's words. 
But Darren gritted his teeth and said, "You can't have any feelings for this woman. Don't be captivated by her! She's clearly not a good match for you." 
Gareth's gaze turned cold at once. He turned abruptly to look at Darren. "How would I have anything to do with her if you hadn't played matchmaker initially?" 
"You…!" Darren was instantly furious. He didn't know how to retort. 
But after a brief pause, he gritted his teeth and said, "You stupid punk! Are you blaming me?! It was meant to be a marriage of convenience at first. You know this. Have you lost your mind? You're not really interested in that woman, are you?! How is she worthy?!" 
"How is she not?" Gareth stared at him coldly. It was as though frost was intertwined in his gaze. 
"Nothing about her is worthy!" Darren boiled with anger and looked at Gareth disbelievingly. "Are you really infatuated with that woman? Is that how you should act, Gareth Wickam?!" 
His voice was filled with displeasure and disbelief toward Gareth. He felt that his grandson should be superior and not have feelings for anyone! Because to him, no one was worthy of Gareth! Even Nicole barely made the cut. 
Gareth wrinkled his brows. "I'm going to leave if there's nothing else." 
"Of course, there's something else!" Darren's eyes were filled with anger. When he saw Gareth's rebelliousness, his brows furrowed tightly, and he wanted to raise his hands to punch Gareth. 
Gareth sat on the couch without moving, as if waiting for Darren to continue. 
Darren took a deep breath. "Right now, you can only ask Elisa to come here less. Her presence is like a malignant tumor. You're an adult now, Gareth. You should know what is right. Marrying Elisa has no advantages. As for Nicole…" 
"That's enough." Gareth's brows furrowed tightly. Upon seeing Darren stare at him disbelievingly, Gareth said in a low voice, "I hope you'll stop interfering in me and Elisa's matters in the future. I also
don't want you to be annoyed when she's here. Don't you know how much Grandma likes her?" 
Darren's gaze flickered, and his demeanor gradually recovered. He said with a low voice, "Of course I do." 
"You care so much for Grandma, and you're always willing to give in to her. Why can't you do the same when it comes to Elisa?" 
Darren immediately replied in a rage, "I'm afraid that she will confuse you! Otherwise, why would I care? This woman is so crafty!"
###chapter1113
Chapter 1113
CHAPTER 1113 ONLY NICOLE TABOR CAN BE MY GRANDDAUGHTER-IN-LAW! 
Gareth immediately scoffed and ignored Darren. 
Darren's frown deepened. He looked at Gareth and said furiously, "What do you mean by that?!" 
Gareth's lips twitched, but he said nothing. 
If she had any tricks, Elisa could have laid it all out when they were married. Then, he would have noticed how extraordinary she was. The Wickam family would also have seen that she could make a hundred times the profit for Wickam Group compared to Nicole. 
But she chose to do nothing and stay obscure instead. It made Grandpa regard her with more disdain. 
Her father's death and Norman's family making trouble forced her on the road to ruin one step at a time. 
When Gareth thought about it, his gaze instantly grew colder. 
"Think of a way to tell Elisa. This is the last time I'll allow her into Wickam Manor! She's forbidden from coming in the future!" Darren said sternly. 
He was terrified that Elisa would bewitch Gareth, and he wouldn't like any other woman in the future! 
This woman is a malignant tumor! She's like cancer! 
She also made the Darcey fellow crazy about her. I can't see how she's outstanding! 
Gareth's gaze turned icier, and he had no apprehensions as he said in a low voice, "She will be a frequent visitor here in the future." 
Darren almost couldn't breathe. He flew into a rage and looked at Gareth. "Stupid brat! Say that again!" 
"She will be a frequent visitor here in the future." 
Gareth enunciated and repeated what he had just said. 
Darren almost blew his top off when he saw Gareth looking at him with utter indifference! 
The next moment, he suddenly raised his hand and pointed at Gareth. He shook his hand at Gareth while trembling slightly. "You… What a good fellow! Good job! You've grown up, and you're talking to your grandfather in such a way. You're amazing! Outstanding!" 
He kept repeating himself because he was really infuriated by Gareth. 
But Gareth looked at Darren coldly. "Grandma can't survive without Elisa." 
"Nonsense!" Darren was livid. "How can Elisa be so important?! I'm the one your Grandma can't live without!" 
Darren grew angrier the more he spoke. He didn't know if he was jealous that Julia's thoughts were occupied by Elisa or if he was mad that Elisa was a temptress that seduced Gareth. He rolled his sleeves up before saying, "When we go out later, I'm going to tell Elisa off! Does she really think that
she can come here so easily? With me around, there's no way she can enter the Wickam family! Only Nicole Tabor can be my granddaughter-in-law!" 
After that, he was going to make his way out. 
Gareth's expression instantly darkened because he knew too well that Darren would do as he said. 
Gareth got up at once and blocked Darren's path. He said darkly, "You can't go out." 
Darren raised his hand to push Gareth away, but Gareth stood still without moving. Darren used great force, but he ended up taking two steps back. 
"Step aside!" 
He was now being blocked by Gareth and couldn't reach the door. He would be trapped in the study room if Gareth didn't step aside. 
Gareth didn't move at all. He said with a dark expression, "Grandma now has a critical illness. There was a problem found in the physical examination this time. I hope you can keep her in a good mood and not infuriate her!" 
Gareth enunciated the last few words!
###chapter1114
Chapter 1114
CHAPTER 1114 BRING THE DEAD TO LIFE! 
Darren's figure shuddered violently. The disbelief in his eyes instantly grew. 
Even though Gareth was disobedient, he knew Gareth would never lie about such things. He looked at Gareth in fright and asked, "What illness is it?!" 
Gareth just said it was a severe illness! What is going on?! 
Darren's heart beat faster than before, and his gaze was intertwined with intense worry. 
Now, he had utterly forgotten about Elisa. His mind was filled with Julia. 
It was only natural for them to get sick, especially when he and Julia were at such an age. Getting sick was inevitable. 
Therefore… 
Her illness… 
Darren looked at Gareth's cold face and grew more flustered. Gareth mentioned a severe illness. It can't be…! 
The more he thought about it, the more panicked he felt. My wife is so kind. How can she get a terminal disease?! 
"Say something!" Darren urged Gareth as he looked at Gareth anxiously. 
Gareth looked at Darren coldly and enunciated the words. "Lung cancer." 
'Boom' 
Gareth's words were like a bolt from the blue. It struck Darren and took him a long time to recover. For a long while, he even thought he had misheard. 
It was as though the words didn't register. Darren's body froze, and he only looked straight at Gareth after a long time. "What… did you say?" 
"Lung cancer." 
Gareth enunciated those two words again. His tone was still as solemn as before. 
Darren suddenly staggered, and the changes in his eyes were displayed at once. 
"Your Grandma… had done nothing but good deeds her whole life. How can she possibly have such a disease?" 
Gareth looked coldly at Darren and didn't care that Darren was his elder. Gareth said coldly, "Everyone has to do good deeds. Did you?" 
In other words, Darren had caused Grandma to get such an illness. Darren hadn't done enough good deeds, so Julia was afflicted with such an illness. 
But… 
Gareth was actually an atheist. He had only said such things to upset Darren. 
Darren suddenly heard ringing in his ears. 
He covered his forehead with one hand, and his other hand suddenly held onto the wall nearby. His body shuddered violently. 
Gareth saw that Darren was tottering and would collapse in the next second, so he immediately lent an arm to support Darren to sit on the couch. 
He sat across from Darren, and his expression was calm. "You know Mystic Orchid, don't you?" 
Darren immediately raised his head. Gareth must have his reasons for bringing it up at such a time! 
Moreover, how could Darren not know about Mystic Orchid?! 
He looked directly at Gareth and couldn't help but ask, "What do you mean by that?!" 
Gareth didn't answer. 
Darren was impatient. He ignored his tinnitus and everything else. He only wanted to hear Gareth's reply. "Say something!" 
His insistence clearly showed how impatient and worried he was. 
Gareth said in a low voice, "Mystic Orchid is saving her. She can be cured." 
His voice was calm, but Darren was astonished. "Really?! Mystic Orchid can cure cancer?!" 
Cancer was still unbeatable until now, but Gareth said that Mystic Orchid could do it. 
Mystic Orchid was like a miracle. Everyone knew how amazing this person was! It was almost as if she could bring the dead to life! 
It was also like she could postpone the Grim Reaper's arrival.
###chapter1115
Chapter 1115
CHAPTER 1115 A WOMAN IN HER TWENTIES 
Because Mystic Orchid was a wonder, so… Darren was astonished and hesitant about it. 
He would not have believed a word if it was anyone else. 
He wouldn't even believe it if Jeremy said he could cure cancer. 
But Mystic Orchid… 
Can this person really cure such illnesses?! 
Darren couldn't help but stare at Gareth. 
"Yes." Gareth's voice was highly confident. 
But Gareth himself was still unsure. 
Because Elisa had never given him a definite answer from the start until the end. Elisa had only said she would try her best, but she had never said she was a hundred percent certain. 
But at the same time, Jeremy told him that if Mystic Orchid could say such a thing, it was a done deal. 
But of course, he only spoke so confidently for one reason. It was because he couldn't allow Grandpa to worry and fall sick. 
Therefore, it didn't matter if Elisa could do it. He could only say that it was possible with Mystic Orchid. 
"What on earth is going on?" Darren now had extremely complicated feelings. He had just heard that his wife had a critical illness, and then he heard that it could be cured. His emotions fluctuated sharply, but Darren had experienced much in life. He could still more or less control himself. 
Gareth said calmly, "Elisa told me the day before yesterday that I had to take Grandma for a physical examination no matter what. She said that Grandma had a serious illness." 
Darren was surprised. No wonder the regular check-up was suddenly pushed one day ahead. But at the next moment, he realized something was amiss. "Elisa?" 
Gareth's lips twitched, and he continued. "I believed her, so I took Grandma for a physical examination, and lung cancer was discovered." 
Darren's expression changed, but his doubts grew. "What is going on?!" 
Gareth scoffed coldly. "I'm afraid you won't be able to accept it after I tell you everything. Or perhaps you might ruin all my plans if you don't believe me." 
"What are you saying?!" Darren was slightly uneasy. "You rascal! Hurry up and tell me properly!" 
Gareth said calmly, "Do you know who Mystic Orchid is?" 
"Who is it?!" Do I know the person? Darren was perplexed. 
Furthermore, too much had been revealed to him today, and it was like he was on a roller coaster ride.
His nerves were strained. 
Gareth looked at Darren serenely. He enunciated again, "Someone you hate." 
Darren was bewildered. 
He panicked and suddenly stood up. "Is it my business rival?! Oh no! I'm done for! What am I going to do?!" 
He spoke subconsciously, and thoughts replayed in his mind repeatedly. But he had no clue, even after a long time. He looked at Gareth again and said in alarm, "Who? Who is it? How can Mystic Orchid hide so well?" 
Gareth's gaze was calm, and he wasn't rushing to speak. It seemed like he was keeping Darren in suspense. 
As for Darren, his imagination ran wild as he thought about who Mystic Orchid might be. 
"Is Mystic Orchid a man or a woman? How old are they?" 
When Darren pondered, he thought Mystic Orchid was a man around his age. 
"A woman in her twenties," Gareth said without thinking. 
Darren's eyes immediately widened. He had been pacing back and forth but stopped abruptly. He turned to look at Gareth disbelievingly and said, "What did you say?!"
###chapter1116
Chapter 1116
CHAPTER 1116 SO WHO ON EARTH IS SHE? 
Gareth raised his brows but said nothing, and his expression was serene. 
But Darren was in a daze. "Come again? How old?" 
"Twenty-something." Gareth was unruffled amid the chaos. 
Darren was flabbergasted! 
He saw that Gareth was still unmoving, so he couldn't help but walk forward and sit beside Gareth. He stared directly at Gareth. "Are you kidding? How can Mystic Orchid be a twenty-something-year-old person? Did you meet a fraud?!" 
But… 
But after he said it, Gareth was still motionless. 
Darren suddenly felt depressed. "Is Mystic Orchid… really a twenty-something-year-old? You didn't make a mistake?" 
"No," Gareth answered coolly. 
Darren couldn't help but shake his head. "Then… I'm afraid we're done for. Quickly contact the hospital so your Grandma can start treatment. The earlier she starts, the faster she'll be done!" 
Right now, Darren wasn't curious about Mystic Orchid's identity. He felt that what he had heard about Mystic Orchid might have been fabricated after he heard that Mystic Orchid was a twenty-something- year-old. He thought Mystic Orchid had constructed myths to make others believe that Mystic Orchid was outstanding. Then, Mystic Orchid could cheat people out of their money unrestrainedly. 
Gareth turned his head slightly, and impatience flickered across his eyes. He said indifferently, "I won't change anything. Mystic Orchid will do." 
"Are you kidding me?! He's in his twenties! What does he know?!" 
Even when the other party was said to be young, Darren still subconsciously felt that Mystic Orchid was a man. He forgot that Gareth had said Mystic Orchid was actually a woman. 
"Jeremy has been watching the side, and they have done many experiments. The cancer patients have been treated effectively and don't have to undergo chemotherapy." 
Darren was startled and slightly surprised. 
Although he doubted other people's medical skills… He trusted Jeremy. 
After all, Jeremy was really talented. 
"Are you sure?" Darren asked slightly hesitantly. 
Gareth said calmly, "If not for Mystic Orchid, Grandma would have died. Grandma can live an ordinary life because of Mystic Orchid." 
"Who on earth is this person?!" Darren grew more curious. Furthermore, Gareth had said that Mystic Orchid was someone he hated. He wasn't sure, but perhaps someone he loathed also despised him. But… Julia was his wife. What if the other party didn't want to save her?! 
At that moment, Darren had complicated inner thoughts. 
Gareth glanced at him apathetically. "Is there more than one person you hate the most?" 
It was an interesting question. Darren suddenly frowned. Someone I hate? 
Needless to say, the person he loathed the most right now wasn't his business rival. It was Elisa, who kept hanging around his house like an insect! 
But how can Elisa be Mystic Orchid? Darren changed his mind and mulled over who the person could be. 
But… 
At the next moment, he suddenly realized something was strange! 
"Wait, did you say if Mystic Orchid was a man or a woman?" Darren stared at Gareth when he spoke. 
Gareth answered indifferently, "A woman." 
Darren was floored! 
A woman in her twenties?! 
Someone I despise?! 
Darren was now in a stupor! Nothing but intense disbelief was displayed in his eyes. 
He paused and took a deep breath before he looked at Gareth and asked, "So, this Mystic Orchid…. Who on earth is she?!"
###chapter1117
Chapter 1117
CHAPTER 1117 DO YOU HAVE A CIGARETTE? 
Gareth glanced at Darren and said nothing. His silence implied his confirmation toward Darren's speculation. 
Darren's eyes widened in shock. 
"Tell me! Who exactly is she?!" 
Elisa was just a woman in her twenties, and Darren hated her to the core, so he refused to admit the truth. 
However, Gareth's silence and sarcastic gaze further affirmed the result Darren refused to believe was true. 
No way! How is this possible?! 
Darren shook his head in disbelief. "This can't be true!" 
He had complicated emotions, thinking he must have made a mistake. How could a woman he had always belittled be so capable? Not only that, but she was also the powerful and reputable Mystic Orchid! 
This must be a joke! 
While he was desperately trying to convince himself this was not the fact, what Gareth said next further
dampened his spirit. 
"Nothing is impossible." 
Darren was dumbfounded. 
What exactly is going on? Why am I suddenly made known of so many things related to that woman? How is it possible that everything is related to the woman I despised?! 
"Gareth, what the hell is going on? You better come clean with me!" 
"I've made myself very clear," Gareth uttered indifferently as he did not bother to continue explaining. 
In fact, he couldn't give more details either because he, too, was flabbergasted by the truth and had yet to wrap his mind around it. As much as he wanted to ask Elisa about it, he knew she would not reveal anything to him. 
Complicated thoughts arose in Gareth as the room fell into silence. 
He was frustrated while Darren was still in disbelief and insisted this was an exaggerated lie! 
The silence persisted for ten minutes before Darren glanced at Gareth and took a deep breath. "Do you have a cigarette?" 
Darren had quit smoking for a long time because it would aggravate Julia's coughing. 
But now, his desire to smoke crept in. 
Gareth looked at him and said, "The lingering smell of cigarettes on your clothes is unfavorable to Grandma's condition. Don't pick it up again since you've quit." 
Darren took a deep breath to control his emotions. 
Once again, pin-drop silence was restored in the room. On the other hand, the others were chatting heartily outside and were unaware of the conversation in the study room. Neither were they aware of the silence and tense atmosphere in the room. 
Julia was beaming from ear to ear as she held Elisa's hand and chattered excitedly with them. Elisa subtly felt Julia's pulse from time to time and occasionally gave Jeremy a look.
###chapter1118
Chapter 1118
CHAPTER 1118 TURN A BLIND EYE 
While the group was engaged in the chat, Gareth and Darren appeared suddenly. 
Elisa's eyes flickered, but she did not show many emotions. She knew Darren abhorred her, so she became more careful in her speech. In fact, she would rather clam up. 
Little did she know the complicated feelings Darren was having at that moment. 
His heart couldn't help aching when he glanced at Julia. He had never expected his wife to be afflicted with this illness. After all, they had been in the pink of health all this while despite being advanced in age. 
He was even more shocked that Elisa was able to cure Julia. He still found it hard to believe Elisa was the Mystic Orchid. 
Suppressing his overwhelming emotions, he looked at Elisa but was at a loss for words. 
Julia shot a glare at Darren when she noticed his abnormal behavior. Darren quickly averted his gaze and tried to remain calm. 
Meanwhile, Elisa pretended to have not noticed his action and continued chatting with the others. 
However, Darren sat down beside Julia, which made the latter uneasy. She frowned and turned to look at Darren. "Aren't you tired?" 
Darren shook his head. "Not at all. " 
He only wanted to stay with his wife. 
Julia's face darkened. "It has been a long day for you. You should get some rest." 
"I'm fine," Darren answered gently. 
While Julia, Elisa, Gareth, and Jeremy were speechless, Vincent was amused at Darren's persistence. Ha! Can't he tell that Old Madam Wickham doesn't want him to stay around? 
Gareth turned a blind eye to the scene while Jeremy and Elisa remained silent. 
Darren was determined to hang around Julia and refused to leave. Due to his presence, Elisa stopped actively participating in the conversation and merely nodded in agreement occasionally. 
Finally, Julia could not stand it anymore. She sprang up, seized Darren's arm, and said with a grown, "Come with me." 
Darren dared not resist Julia, worrying that he might hurt her. So, he stood up obediently and followed Julia to the washroom. 
After closing the door sulkily, Julia turned to Darren and rebuked, "What on earth are you up to?! It's rare for the children to come and spend time with me. Why do you have to sit beside me all the time? Can't you return to the bedroom first?" 
Darren shook his head and explained pitifully, "I don't mean anything. I just want to stay with you…" 
However, Julia did not buy his words. Instead, she laughed out of frustration and said, "Are you kidding me? Don't I know you hate Elisa? You deliberately sat beside me with a darkened face to intimidate her and to warn her not to show up anymore, didn't you?" 
Darren quickly shook his head. "I swear that's not my intention!" 
He was telling the truth, but Julia would not believe him at all!
###chapter1119
Chapter 1119
CHAPTER 1119 YOU WERE NEVER THIS OBEDIENT 
"Cut the crap!" Julia was so enraged that she swore. 
Darren was stunned as he did not expect Julia's hostile response. However, he was not annoyed, although he would have stomped away in anger in the past. 
But today, he stood there servilely and allowed Julia to reprimand him. He even attempted to explain himself to Julia. 
Julia was overwhelmed by her anger and did not notice Darren's unusual behavior. She stared daggers at Darren. "Later, you better return to the study room or bedroom and get out of my sight!" 
Darren was aggrieved as he merely wanted to stay beside Julia. Knowing Julia was displeased, he nodded and mumbled, "Alright, as you wish." 
Only then did Julia notice something off and look at Darren in suspicion. "Since when did you become so obedient?" 
It's not like him. Something must be wrong. 
Darren furrowed his brows. "What do you mean?" 
Julia drew closer to Darren and stared into his eyes. "You were never this obedient. I have a hunch that something is off. What exactly are you up to?" 
Darren's eyes flickered. "Since you don't allow me to stay, I can't argue with you in the presence of the young ones. I have to save face!" 
Arching her brows, Julia sized up the man and thought something was strange. Nonetheless, she believed Darren cared about his image. After hesitating briefly, she asked again, "Really? Are you really not thinking of ways to chase Elisa away?" 
Darren pretended to be irritated. "What's wrong with you? Why would I lie to you? I've never lied to you all these years!" 
Julia thought Darren had a point. She was not annoyed by his attitude but nodded and said, "Alright then, get back to the room later." 
Darren did not reply and opened the washroom door, feigning an upset look. 
Then, he ignored the others and went directly upstairs. 
Vincent laughed in spite of himself. "We can tell how powerful Old Madam Wickam is from this battle!" 
Julia walked out of the washroom with a wide grin. She was delighted upon Darren's leaving. "Come on, let's continue. Don't mind him." She said gleefully to the others. 
With that, they continued chatting heartily. The young people behaved naturally and did not seem affected by the episode. 
Julia was so excited that she did not realize the time when the clock struck nine. 
Elisa uttered, "It's getting late, Grandma. You should get some rest." 
Julia looked at the time and was surprised. "Oh gosh, I enjoyed chatting with you so much that I lost track of time!" 
Elisa smiled. "We can continue tomorrow. It's your bedtime now, Grandma." 
Vincent chimed in. "Yeah, it has passed your usual bedtime. Let's call it a day." 
Julia sighed in reluctance. "As much as I'd like you to stay, you guys should rest up too."
###chapter1120
Chapter 1120
CHAPTER 1120 YOU CAN DO THIS! 
After wishing each other goodnight, they went back to their rooms. 
There were numerous guest rooms in the villa. 
Elisa did not go to bed immediately after returning to her room but sat on the couch and scrolled through her phone. She knew the others were eager to know the situation. 
While she was thinking about it, her phone vibrated. 
Vincent created a group chat with the gang. 
Vincent asked, 'So, what's the situation? Did you observe anything? @Elisa' 
'Everything looks normal at this moment. I'll continue monitoring her condition.' 
Jeremy texted, 'You can do this!' 
Vincent replied, 'What's wrong with you?' 
Jeremy sent a confused emoji. 
Vincent texted, 'You're behaving like a bootlicker. Since when did you become a fan of Mystic Orchid?' 
Gareth read the text but did not respond. 
Indeed, even Vincent could tell the drastic change in Jeremy's behavior. His eyes were lit up with adoration when he gazed at Elisa. 
It even made Gareth uncomfortable. 
Jeremy replied, 'None of your business.' 
'WTH? Dude, you're weird today!' 
Jeremy stopped replying, and the group chat fell into silence. 
Vincent couldn't contain his cheekiness and texted in the group chat with only the three. 
'Oh gosh, something is fishy. Jeremy, don't tell me you've fallen for Elisa. You can't cuckold Gareth!' 
Both Jeremy and Gareth were rendered speechless. 
Vincent continued, 'D*mn! A quote suddenly came to my mind. Would you like to hear it?' 
Jeremy replied, 'Please shut up.' 
'No. I'm going to say it.' 
'Better to be a cuckold and not know it. Haha! Don't you think it makes sense?' 
Both Gareth and Jeremy replied with a smiling emoji. 
Then, Jeremy texted, 'You're finished.' 
'LOL. I'm laughing my lungs out!' 
Despite Vincent's joke, they knew Jeremy would not have romantic feelings toward Elisa. He merely admired her medical skills. Before discovering Mystic Orchid was Elisa, he did not have special feelings toward her. 
Even after the discovery, he merely admired Elisa as a professional and outstanding medical practitioner. 
Gareth didn't bother to reply to the two but stood up and walked to Elisa's room. 
He knocked on the door and asked softly, "Are you asleep?" 
In no time, Elisa answered the door. Seeing Gareth standing alone outside, she hesitated momentarily before standing aside to make way for him. 
After Gareth entered the room, Elisa closed the door and sat down on the couch with him. 
Gareth remained silent and lifted his eyes to gaze at Elisa. Words were stuck in his throat. He was eager to ask how confident Elisa was to cure Julia or if the illness could be cured completely. He knew there was no definite answer, and such questions might put Elisa in a quandary. 
However, he still came to see Elisa because he felt restless. 
In fact, the sight of Elisa made him relieved. At that thought, Gareth's heart suddenly jolted. 
It can't be…
###chapter1121
Chapter 1121
CHAPTER 1121 YOU FINALLY CALLED 
Did I feel a sense of security from Elisa? Gareth's face darkened. 
Sitting across from him, Elisa was confused when she observed the change in his expression. She paused briefly and seemed to understand what was going on. "Are you worried?" She asked. 
Gareth gathered his thoughts and answered, "I'm not worried because you are around." 
Elisa looked away and hummed calmly, "You should go to bed. I'll do my best." 
She allowed him to enter just now because she knew he was concerned about Julia. However, she was uninterested in talking to him when she recalled the incident during the day. 
Gareth had mixed feelings and did not notice Elisa's displeasure. So, he stood up and left the room. He did not intend to stay longer because he had a strange feeling. 
After he left, the silence was restored in the room. Elisa was surprised that Gareth left readily. Nonetheless, it was good for her. 
With that, a peaceful night passed. 
The following day, Elisa and the others left after breakfast. It wouldn't be of much help if they stayed around Julia. Julia's condition seemed fine, so Elisa was slightly relieved. 
…
Meanwhile, Linda went to work as usual. Despite being in a miserable state, she insisted on staying in the company because other companies would not hire her. Besides, she could not withstand outsiders' ridicule. 
At least Norman had authority in the company, so she could still hang around. Otherwise, she might lose her livelihood. 
Staring at the computer screen, she was frustrated at the endless tasks. She had lost her previous treatment and position as a manager and had become an insignificant administration staff. She was given mundane tasks and was even bullied by some others. 
In addition, she was moved out of her private office and was seated in the shared workspace. Many staff discussed her misfortune among themselves. 
Linda lowered her head as vexation accumulated. How can this happen?! Elisa Benett, you b*tch! Someday, I'll make you stew in your own juice and die a miserable death! 
Linda took a deep breath to control her emotion. Just then, her phone vibrated. Her eyes flickered when she saw the incoming call. Immediately, she took her phone and walked outside to the public washroom. 
She pretended to go to the washroom, but actually, she went to a quiet place to pick up the call. "You finally called." 
She had been trying to contact the mysterious person for the past few days but to no avail. Her calls were rejected. Neither did the person return her call. So, she was anxious and at her wit's end. 
The person scoffed coldly. Linda was disgusted when she heard the child-like voice.
###chapter1122
Chapter 1122
CHAPTER 1122 SHE WAS THE BOSS 
"You're too impatient." Linda was driven up the wall when she heard what the person said. She could say so because she is not implicated! Anyone would be anxious in this situation. Elisa has forced me to the corner, and I'm on the verge of losing everything. Yet, this woman is making sarcastic comments! She'll know it someday when she's in a similar situation! 
Elisa inhaled deeply to get a hold of herself. The mysterious person was her final help, so she had to clutch the straw. 
She paused briefly before asking, "What should I do now?" 
She knew the mysterious person must have decided on the next plan. 
The person wore a half-smile. "You'll receive several interview invitations in the next few days. Don't worry. All of these are my arrangements. Three days later…" 
Suddenly, she stopped and smirked. Linda subconsciously tightened her grip on the phone in anxiety as she had an unpleasant hunch. She became nervous when the person stopped speaking. "What will happen three days later?" 
"I'll tell you when the time comes. Just do what you're told now." 
The person then filled Linda in about the actions for the next three days. Linda's expression turned ghastly. "Don't tell me you want to…" 
Linda was at a loss for words. Her eyes were filled with disbelief. 
The person snorted. "Since you've already known it, follow my instructions. Do you think you have other ways?" 
Linda inhaled in a panic and instinctively shook her head. "B-But we don't have to…" 
Before she could finish her sentence, the person blurted. "This is your only way out. If you refuse to do so, I'll have to abandon you." With that, she hung up the call immediately. 
Ashen-faced, Linda stood frozen on the spot while holding the phone. 
"What are you doing here?" Suddenly, a stern female voice emerged from behind, which jolted Linda back to her senses. She quickly put away her phone and turned around. 
She was shocked upon seeing her manager. "I-I was answering a call." She mumbled while sizing up her manager, worrying she had overheard the conversation. 
The woman was Summer Adams and was once Linda's subordinate. She admired Elisa's talent, so Linda often picked on her. She could sense Summer's dissatisfaction toward her in the past, but she brushed it off because she was the boss back then. 
However, every dog has its day. Little did she expect Summer to become her manager one day. She knew Elisa did it purposely to make her suffer under Summer. 
Elisa Benett, do you think I'll give up so easily? I'll make you suffer as much as I! 
Summer threw the document that she was holding to Linda. Linda subconsciously caught it so the document would not fall onto the floor, but her face turned sullen when she regained her composure.
###chapter1123
Chapter 1123
CHAPTER 1123 THE SUDDEN APPEARANCE OF REPORTERS 
I should have stepped away instead of catching it! 
Summer's cold voice came forth. "Do you think it's appropriate to be away for so long during office hours to answer a private call?" 
Linda's face clouded over. She had never been humiliated like this before. Summer did not even dare to complain when she gave her a hard time back then. 
Gazing at Linda, Summer smirked as she finally vented her resentment. The uniform she wore could not conceal her perfect body shape. In fact, Linda was irked by Summer's body shape in the past. 
Summer smiled. "I hope you'll reflect upon your behavior. Get this document done by tonight. If you fail to, you may move out of your position." 
Linda glared at Summer coldly. "Ms. Adams, I acknowledge you're my manager. You have all rights to oversee me, but you have no right to abuse your power." 
Summer snorted. "You should verify your words before saying them." With that, she left without sparing a glance at Linda. 
Linda was relieved. From Summer's hostile attitude, Linda reckoned she did not overhear the conversation. 
She grasped the document as aggrievance flashed across her eyes. I'll make you pay one day! 
While walking back to the office, Linda was troubled when she recalled what the mysterious person had told her just now. 
Am I going to allow myself to be ordered about by her? What will happen to me if I do as I was told three days later? Can it really cause a blow to Elisa and make her a target for attack? 
Linda scratched her head in frustration and took a deep breath before walking back to her seat. 
Soon, it was time to knock off. After completing the extra task Summer assigned to her, Linda trotted wearily out of the office. 
However, before she could reach her car at the basement car park, a group of reporters surrounded her. 
Taken aback, Linda instinctively walked in the other direction, but the reporters quickly followed her and blocked her way. Finally, Linda gave up on escaping. 
The reporters held the recorder in front of her. 
"Ms. Benett, sorry to take up your time. We'd like to ask you a few questions." 
Linda frowned and wanted to walk away, but she was surrounded by the reporters. She blurted in vexation, "I have no newsworthy information for you. Please don't waste your time on me." 
"It's just a few short questions. Ms. Benett, regarding your mother's imprisonment, can you share with us how did she murder your uncle back then?" 
They were referring to Elisa's father, Linda's biological uncle. 
The reporters' interests were piqued because what Rose did to her brother-in-law was outrageous. 
Linda's expression darkened. At the same time, her impatience was dismissed.
###chapter1124
Chapter 1124
CHAPTER 1124 SHE FINALLY CAN’T SIT BACK ANYMORE 
"Please stop making a false accusation. My mother did not murder my uncle!" Linda grasped the chance to clarify the incident and rebuked the reporters. "Back then, my uncle was diagnosed with a terminal disease and was untreatable. He implored my mother to add some pain relief ingredients to his meal. My mother consulted the doctor and discovered the ingredients would cause him death, so she rejected his request. How would she possibly murder him?!" 
"But the court has pronounced your mother guilty. Why do you insist on lying?" The reporter's question was harsh. 
Agonized, Linda shook her head. "No, that was not the case! My mother disagreed, but my uncle kept begging for her help because he was in great pain, which normal people would not experience. Do you understand?!" 
"So, are you saying that your mother had no choice but to grant your uncle's wish because he suffered tremendously?" The reporter asked again. 
Linda nodded and answered, "Yes, we wouldn't possibly murder him. We merely granted his wish." 
Thereafter, the reporters continued asking difficult questions. 
There were people manipulating behind the scene, so Linda's interview soon became a trending topic on Twitter. 
When the netizens saw the news on Twitter at night, some criticized Linda for being a hypocrite. Elisa's
fans swarmed in and called Linda a psycho for clarifying the matter in this situation. 
However, there were some who claimed to be Elisa's fans but posted comments to sabotage Elisa. 
Elisa came out of the shower to hear her phone ringing non-stop. So, she didn't bother drying her hair and picked up the call when she saw it was from Rachel. 
Before she could say anything, Rachel's anxious voice came forth. "What are you doing? Why didn't you answer my previous calls?" 
"What is it? I was showering." Elisa put the call on speaker while drying her hair with the towel. 
"There's an interview with Linda that became a trending topic on Twitter. Something is fishy. I suspect it's Linda's scheme, and it's causing negative impacts on you. Do check it out!" 
Elisa's eyes flickered. She finally can't sit back anymore, huh? 
Elisa couldn't be bothered with Linda the past few days because her mind was occupied by Julia's matter. Besides, she was awaiting actions from Linda, especially the mysterious person who backed her up. 
"Alright. Let me take a look at it." 
Elisa clicked on Twitter and saw the headline of Linda's interview at the top of the page. She did not click into the details of the interview but casually glanced through the comments and smirked. 
Rachel uttered worriedly, "Have you seen it? Linda must be up to no good again. Who knows what
she'll do next? You have to be careful!" 
The family was so vicious that they would not hesitate to kill, so Rachel was genuinely worried about Elisa.
###chapter1125
Chapter 1125
CHAPTER 1125 WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING? 
Elisa replied, "Yeah, I know. Don't worry about me." 
Rachel said indignantly, "How can I not worry! They have no morals!" She added, "Mostly since they've done several horrible things to you and even tried to murder you! They could go insane once more, and it scares me to death. You have already sent Rose in, after all. Suppose they..." 
At this point, Rachel was hesitant to continue since she didn't want to curse her closest friend and was concerned that saying it would jinx it. 
"I understand, but you can be sure I won't allow them to succeed," said Elisa. She responded calmly as if everything was under control. 
Yet if Elisa continued acting this way, Rachel began to worry that something was wrong. 
"Ah...these three are the worst! Did you guess what they're going to do this time?" 
"I haven't yet, but I have a strategy in place in case they do. Never mind about me," Elisa said calmly. 
Rachel was forced to sigh after hearing Elisa tell her three times not to worry, but she was at a loss for words. "Okay, you be careful. How's the situation with taking over the company recently? I knew you were busy before, so I didn't bother you." 
"Everything is fine. Mr. Markee has helped me a lot. With him around, I have no problems," Elisa smiled. 
Rachel smiled back and replied, "Haha, that's funny! But it's also because you have the necessary skill. Even though he seems approachable, my uncle is the most challenging person to communicate with, especially regarding business-related issues. He supports you and regards your thoughts as the most important ones. It's not something common folks can change. You're truly remarkable, and I'm so happy for you." 
"Okay, but Mr. Markee is also doing it for my father's sake," said Elisa. She continued to wipe her hair and made plans to blow dry it later. 
'Tsk!' "Don't be shy, Uncle has told me how great you are numerous times before me, and he's even asked me to learn from you. I admire you! How can you multitask so effectively and do so well in everything?" Rachel said dismissively. 
Elisa chuckled helplessly, "It's just a matter of interest. What are you doing now?" 
"I'm exhausted! My waist and back hurt after working all day. When will I be in charge?" 
Elisa raised her eyebrows, "Becoming a boss is easy. Compare yourself to your stepmother's two children, and the Markee assets will be yours." 
"Hehe..." Rachel sneered and said, "Forget it. I'm not interested in that family. Even if they gave it to me for free, I wouldn't want it." 
Elisa was aware of Rachel's deep hostility toward the Markees, yet she felt compelled to speak, "They never treated you like a sister. Therefore, you shouldn't let this slide."
The two kids and stepmother of Rachel continuously plotted and guarded against her since they saw her as an outsider. She found it difficult to forgive them. 
Rachel's eyes flashed, "What are you going to do? Are you going to help me reclaim it?" 
Elisa responded before speaking, "Wait until I finish dealing with things here, and then you can return to the Markee family. How about that?"
###chapter1126
Chapter 1126
CHAPTER 1126 THE ONLY RELATIVE 
"Huh..." Rachel made a disgusted sound and said, "Forget it! Please spare me the details! Going back to the Markee family is the last thing I want in the world! I don't want to interact with them in any way. I can support myself financially, work for myself, and advance my profession. I feel at ease not seeing them. Why should I expose myself to ridicule by remaining there?" 
"Forget about this for now." Eventually, Elisa spoke this phrase, to which Rachel retorted, "I'm going to blow dry my hair. We'll talk later." 
"Okay. Be careful, babes. Don't burn yourself!" Rachel reminded her. 
"Okay." 
"Well then, goodnight." 
"Goodnight." 
And so, the two hung up the phone. 
Elisa went back to her room to rest after drying her hair. 
... 
Three days had passed by. 
For the past few days, Elisa had been going to the old mansion of the Wickam family every day. 
At this moment, she was chatting with older people in the Wickam family's old mansion. They had just finished dinner. 
Gareth had initially wanted to stay in the living room, but after seeing the old housekeeper giving him a few threatening glares, he had to go to his study. He needed to talk to Elisa. 
But... 
He knew that there was no chance in his current situation. 
However, he couldn't stay in the study for over half an hour. He walked out, and Julia saw him and asked, "Where are you going?" 
"Going for a walk." Gareth didn't even turn his head and said these few words. 
He usually went for a walk after dinner at night, and Julia didn't suspect anything, so she didn't say anything. She turned her head and continued to chat with Elisa with a smile. 
Elisa was in good spirits and showed no signs of her illness. Elisa had also noticed that her condition had improved significantly, thanks to her pulse diagnosis. 
They chatted for more than half an hour. Elisa smiled and said, "Grandma, it's getting late. I should go back." 
Julia looked at the time and was a little surprised. "Oh, it's already past eight o'clock..." 
Elisa smiled, and Julia reluctantly said, "It will be ten o'clock when you finish packing and returning. You have been coming to see me for the past few days and have probably delayed many things. You don't have to accompany me all the time. I know you are respectful to me." 
Elisa smiled. "I don't have much to do recently. Maybe grandma is getting tired of me." 
"Nonsense! How could I get tired of you? Now that you have taken over the Benett Group and become the board chairman, there will be more things to do. You should also pay attention to work-life balance. When everything stabilizes, it's not too late to come and see me." 
Elisa's eyes were filled with gratitude. Grandma was good to her. It would probably be her life's regret if she couldn't cure her. Her father had passed away a long time ago, and now...
###chapter1127
Chapter 1127
CHAPTER 1127 HOW MUCH CONFIDENCE DO YOU HAVE 
Elisa quickly stopped Julia, "Grandma, it's getting late. You don't have to come out and send me off. I drove here today and don't need anyone else to send me off. It's okay." 
"You're alone?" Julia was surprised. 
"It's not even dark yet," Elisa smiled softly, "please don't worry about me. Otherwise, I would have to worry about you if you came out with me." 
"I'm just in the yard. What do you have to worry about, you silly child!" Julia didn't care and stood up to follow Elisa outside. 
Elisa couldn't resist and glanced at the servant, giving them a look to follow. Julia was in a good mood, and after watching Elisa drive a distance away, she returned. 
As for Elisa, she drove down the mountain road. However, when she arrived at a junction, a black car blocked her path, and she slowed down and stopped the vehicle. 
As she wondered what was happening, the driver's door of the car in front suddenly opened, and she saw a familiar figure. 
Elisa was surprised when she saw Mr. Wickam. 
Is he intentionally blocking her? 
Elisa hesitated for a moment, then slowly got out of the car. 
Darren Wickam looked at Elisa with a complicated expression. He looked at her open eyes and felt uneasy. He took a deep breath before speaking, "I'm sorry to keep you here." 
Although Darren's words were polite, they were still stiff. After all, he had never spoken so softly to anyone before. Elisa was the first, or wait, the second person he had spoken so softly to. He had spoken softly to Julia before. 
However, even with his attitude, Elisa was surprised, even flattered. 
The chairman of the Wickam Group would speak so kindly to a woman he despises and say such things. It was not easy, not easy at all. 
"What's the matter?" Elisa stood still, looking at the man in front of her. 
Darren took a deep breath and looked around to ensure no one was there. Then, he walked up to Elisa and spoke in a low voice, "How is your grandmother's condition now?" 
Elisa's eyes narrowed slightly. Her lowered eyelids suddenly lifted, and she looked at him with disbelief. "You...?" 
Darren pursed his lips. He had already known, and Gareth had told him everything. 
Elisa furrowed her eyebrows slightly. Does he know? What does he know? 
But she couldn't ask directly for fear of revealing too much. She was afraid of making the older man
worry. If Gareth had not told him everything, and she had shown everything, it would only worsen things. 
Darren seemed to have guessed what she was thinking and immediately said, "I know everything about your grandmother's condition. I know it's up to you to take care of her now, and I also know about your..." 
At this point, Darren sighed and said, "Your identity." 
The last word was even stiffer than before. He still couldn't accept that Elisa was Mystic Orchid. However, everything showed that it was true.
###chapter1128
Chapter 1128
CHAPTER 1128 YOU DON’T HAVE TO WORRY NOW 
Elisa's eyes wavered. 
Confidence… 
She did not know. She had not told Gareth or Jeremy that she was confident as she was unsure herself. 
But she could not say it in front of Darren. 
Since Gareth had told the news to Darren, he would have told him that Julia would get better, and she was Mystic Orchid. He would have said that Elisa could cure her. 
If she were to say that she was not confident, Darren might be furious. He might get sick from the news. It was worse to get sick from emotional distress than if one were sick from physical issues. 
After all, there had been cases where people fell ill and died when they thought they had cancer, even though they were perfectly healthy. 
"You… Why won't you answer me?" Elisa's hesitance, coupled with Darren's anxiousness, spurred him to question her. 
Elisa returned to her senses and replied softly, "I cannot confirm if she could be cured within a few months or a year. That's why I cannot give you a direct answer." 
His eyes lit up. "Do you mean that you can cure her?" 
Elisa's heart was restless, but she replied calmly. "That's correct. I was thinking how long the treatment will take." 
Her reply gave Darren confirmation that Julia would be cured within a year. 
Darren noticed it, and he felt slightly comforted. 
He did not know what to say next. 
Darren was doubtful when Gareth told him about the news. Even though it seemed real, he was skeptical about it. 
Yet, as Elisa said it, for some reason, he felt relieved. 
He was at a loss of how he should respond. 
After a moment, he seemed to have returned to his senses and looked at Elisa. "Then, Julia is in your hands now!" 
She nodded. "It's my duty." 
She did not want to say too much to him. Her relationship with Darren was never close in the first place. 
He might find it irritating if I say too much. 
But Elisa was wrong this time. Darren did not find it annoying but even hoped she would explain Julia's situation more. 
He sighed resignedly. "I've always treated you as an outcast. I want to properly apologize for that. Julia might not have lived if it wasn't for you. I…" 
He did not know what to say next. 
Elisa was taken aback, but she kept calm and shook her head. "You don't need to apologize to me. Sometimes, people don't need any reason to dislike or like others. But rest assured, I don't have anything for Gareth. I won't be with him, and I definitely won't compete with Nicole for the status of Mrs. Wickam." 
In truth, she was disinterested in the status. 
If it were not for Julia, she would rather die than return to the place. 
She added, "You don't have to worry now." 
Darren was speechless. 
He parted his lips but was at a loss for words.
###chapter1129
Chapter 1129
CHAPTER 1129 IS THERE A BUG IN THE SYSTEM? 
Elisa spoke up as he was about to say something. "Is there anything else? If not, I would like to leave first. It's getting late." 
Darren came to his senses and shook his head immediately. "Oh… No, there is nothing else." 
At that moment, he spoke to Elisa humbly but did not realize it himself. All he cared about was that Elisa was happy and content and that his wife was cured. 
Elisa looked at him, astonished. Yet she felt glad he gave Julia the best treatment despite not treating Elisa well. He would not have spoken with such meekness towards a person he loathed if it was not for Julia. 
In Darren's standard, that was quite servile. 
It was unlike his usual temperament. 
Elisa nodded without a word. "I'll take my leave now." 
"Alright. Take care on the road." He added after a pause. 
He watched silently as Elisa drove away. 
…
Within no time, the three days the mysterious person had given Linda was up. 
She went up to the rooftop. 
The building was not tall, with only seven floors. 
She was standing on the uppermost floor. 
Her phone was fixed to a standing position to film her entire body. 
There was no one else around. She could act freely in the place. 
Linda pressed the button and started live streaming. The figure on the phone looked despondent. 
With the intervention behind the scenes, the viewers shot up to over a hundred thousand within a few minutes. 
The comments were filled with questions. 
xx: 'What's happening? Is that Linda Benett?' 
xxx: 'It looks like Linda to me. But I thought she didn't do live streams? Is she trying out being an influencer now that she has nowhere to go? Can she do it without any experience?' 
The viewer immediately noticed that something was amiss and quickly commented again. 
xxx: 'Holy crap! A hundred thousand?! Am I going f*****g blind? Is there a bug in the system?' 
xx: 'I also thought so at first. But now that you said it, I don't think it is.' 
xxx: 'Jesus Christ! That's impressive. What does she have that so many would come to her stream?' 
xxx: 'Maybe she bought the views?' 
x: 'That's possible! What is she planning to do now? I'll stay and watch. There might be some unexpected stuff.' 
xxx: 'Tsk.' 
The comments flooded in. Linda kept her eyes on the comments as she pretended to be disheartened. She felt like gritting her teeth, but she could not show it. Taking in a deep breath, she looked at the camera forlornly. 
"Dear all, this is my first-time live streaming. But it will also be the last. The world is beautiful, but… I don't have any more reasons to continue living." 
xx: 'What's going on? What nonsense is she spouting?' 
xxx: 'She's just trying to make a fuss again. Now that Elisa has defeated her completely, she has nothing on Elisa. I used to think that she was the honorable young lady. Now that her plan has failed, she's acting dejected and seeking attention here.'
###chapter1130
Chapter 1130
CHAPTER 1130 ESPECIALLY PITIFUL 
Everyone was unclear about what tricks Linda was playing. 
But no one left the broadcast. After all, she looked like she was about to create trouble. 
Those protecting Elisa had to observe what kind of trouble Linda was planning. This way, they could help their idol solve her problem. The ones who were in it for fun were more reluctant to leave. 
Anyways, Linda's live broadcast was becoming more popular. In the short few seconds break, the live audience had skyrocketed to tens of thousands of viewers. Right now, it has already surpassed twenty thousand audiences. 
Reaching up to twenty thousand audiences was a rare case. Not many had seen such a grand live broadcast, but Linda did it. 
While the public chat was filled with comments urging for answers, Linda continued her speech. 
"I know many of you despise me a lot and can't wait for me to disappear from the face of this Earth so I'll no longer bring harm to other people. But… I've been innocent from the beginning. Won't you trust me?" 
Linda had tears in her eyes, and she seemed dejected and lonely. 
However… the comments on the public chat were mainly insults targeted toward her. 
xx: 'Haha, what kind of joke is this? Are you trying to act pitiful after all the evil things you've done? What a prude!' 
xxx: 'How can you be so shameless! How can someone like you exist? Is it fun to carry on like this? What a joke!' 
xx: 'I think that she is quite pitiful. No matter what she did in the past, she had already received her punishment. Can you all not be so rude to her? She's already in despair. If you keep provoking her right now, you might kill her. What she did in the past cannot be changed. If she is really in the wrong, she will naturally receive her punishment by law. Can everyone here not provoke her anymore? If she dies, what good does it do to you?' 
xx: 'What nonsense! I have to be a fool to trust you. You did so many evil things to my Elisa! Your mother even killed Elisa's father! Your whole family is full of villains! Disgusting! Go to hell! Only then will the Earth finally be in peace, and my Elisa can be happy. Or else she will fall victim to your evil acts sooner or later! You deserve to rot in hell!' 
Comments after comments, it was mainly complaints about Linda. Only a handful of people backed her up, but their words were lost in sight within the overwhelming number of nasty comments. Even Linda couldn't manage to see any of the comments that were protecting her. 
Linda took a deep breath and forced her rage down. She continued to stare in devastation at the screen and chuckled. "I know that all of you want me dead. Don't worry. I will. Today will be the last day I speak to all of you. Just think of this as giving the last chance to someone who's about to die. After all, I won't be here anymore." 
Tears rolled down Linda's face when she said this, making her look more pitiful than ever.
###chapter1131
Chapter 1131
CHAPTER 1131 NOW YOU WANT TO DENY IT? 
These people! They are out of line! 
When did every single one of them become Elisa's minions? Since when did she get so good at winning people's hearts? 
How can they go this far? 
As she thought about this, Linda couldn't wait to make Elisa and the people who defended her go through hell! She would never allow them a chance of survival for the rest of their lives! 
Anyone who was against her had to die! 
At the thought of this, she became devastated. 
But she was at her wits' end. 
She could only be someone else's pawn, taking it step by step until now. Even after everything that had happened, she wasn't sure who she would become… 
Linda closed her eyes. To the viewers online, she looked like she was trying to control her overwhelming sadness. 
But… only she knew she did it to prevent herself from bursting with anger. 
In the next moment, Linda lifted her hands and wiped off the tears on her face before smiling at the viewers. "Today, I was hoping to say my final goodbyes and tell everyone about what had happened all this while." 
The online viewers were still criticizing her, but the promotions for Linda's live broadcast spread like wildfire. Not only was it popular on broadcasting platforms, but it also got promoted to other social media platforms. 
Even Vincent, who was playing his video games, saw the notifications for her live broadcast. 
He was confused. Is Linda broadcasting live? What kind of trouble is she up to? 
However, he didn't pause his game. Instead, he took out his phone to access the broadcasting platform. Once he opened the link, he saw that the most popular broadcast showed Linda's miserable expression. 
Vincent sneered. What kind of trouble is she up to this time? 
He tapped into the broadcast on the spot. The main reason is that she was connected with Elisa, who had a relationship with Gareth. He didn't want this person to slander his friend, so he went in to observe. When he entered the live broadcast, he continued killing off his enemies on one end and occasionally glanced at the screen where Linda's pale lips kept moving. 
"In the past, everyone accused me of pretending to be in a coma to deceive Gareth. But think about it, Gareth is exceptionally sharp. His authority and capability surpass everyone else; he is even a top leader nationally. You tell me, how could I deceive him? 
xx: 'Liar! There was solid evidence, and now you want to deny it?' 
xxx: 'I am also quite doubtful about what happened then. Something doesn't feel right. How could Gareth be so foolish? Letting you deceive him for so long? These are two different things. Even though I don't like Linda, I do have my doubts about this case.' 
Vincent frowned and sneered at the comments. Of course, Gareth knew about everything, but at that time, he hated Elisa and couldn't care less about anyone else. With Linda around, Elisa would've just backed off. Besides, he believed in Linda's family and didn't bother conducting thorough investigations into her family background. Who knew that Linda would do such despicable things? 
Vincent continued to kill off the enemies when Linda's dejected voice was heard again. 
"I couldn't deceive him even if I wanted to. He just became sick of me at the end and might have even thought that I wasn't compatible to be his wife because I was in a coma. Who was I to deserve his gratitude? Even though I still love Gareth, I never desired to be Mrs. Wickam. I knew that he was out of my league."
###chapter1132
Chapter 1132
CHAPTER 1132 WHAT NONSENSE ARE YOU IMPLYING? 
xx: 'Undoubtedly, he's out of your league. Who are you to deserve him? Your family came from such a lowly background that anyone would look down upon it. If not for Elisa's father, how would you reach where you are today? And now, you are thinking if you are worthy or not. Why do you think you have the right to even think about it?' 
Vincent sneered. This comment has a point. 
xx: 'Wait, what are you trying to say? Don't tell me you're blaming Elisa for what happened to you. Our goddess had to withstand your bullying all this while. What could she have done? What nonsense are you implying?' 
… 
The public chat was filled with comments. The viewers were clearly upset by the statement made by Linda. 
Linda looked at the comments sarcastically. This was exactly the outcome she wanted. 
Today's live broadcast was designed for Elisa. If no one had captured this hidden message, everything would've gone to waste. 
After a slight pause, she started speaking again. "Everyone here wants to know the details, but some things are difficult for me to reveal. Now that we've reached this point, I don't want to reveal too much. Perhaps, I was a mistake the moment I was born. Next time when I'm gone, no one will think I'm
hurting Elisa. Perhaps when I'm gone, Elisa's life will be much better. I… was destined to be a burden, a nuisance, and our sisterhood…" 
As she spoke, Linda's eyes welled up with tears. She breathed deeply and choked up on her tears, saying, "I hope we can be close in our next life and support one another. I truly like to have a little sister like you. Having you as my sister would make me extremely proud…!" 
xx: 'Is she really going to die?' 
xxx: 'Is she really going to kill herself?' 
xxx: 'It must be fake. She is simply trying to trick us. Isn't she hoping to gain the pity of men? Can't you all see that people are already sympathizing with her.' 
Linda tried to calm the boiling rage within her and ignore the mean comments. She looked at the audience and started speaking with a dejected voice. "Don't worry. I will disappear soon and no longer become a nuisance to everyone here or let Elisa hate me further. My world was always filled with darkness. I never got to see the light, and my only chance to see the light might have been destroyed. I came here to say my final goodbye to everyone. See you again, friends." 
"Even if you never considered me your friend, it doesn't matter because, in my heart, I have always considered all of you as my friends. Soon, I will be gone and will not burden anyone else. Elisa, if you're watching this, I hope you will let go of any resentment we had in the past. If you're willing to, we can be sisters again in our next life!"
###chapter1133
Chapter 1133
CHAPTER 1133 SHE WANTS TO CHANGE HER IDENTITY? 
"It's so infuriating! It's f*cking pissing me off! I cannot stand it anymore!!" 
Rachel threw her phone aside. With her anger boiling, she couldn't wait to run up to Linda and rip her into pieces. 
Rachel was sitting next to her. Her eyes were filled with frustration and anger as she couldn't help but say, "This woman is so good at acting!" 
Rachel gritted her teeth as she said, "Listen to what nonsense she's spurting out. Her intention is clearly to express how badly Elisa treated her in the past. The reason she has come to the point of taking her own life is all because of Elisa. It was Elisa who drove her up the wall. She wants Elisa to be blamed!" 
Sheena frowned. "What does she want to do this time? Is she really going to take her own life?" 
"How is it possible! She treasures her life so much and can't wait for others to die. There's no way that she would take her own life!" Rachel couldn't help but snicker. 
Rachel nodded in agreement and said, "Of course, I know this, so what I'm curious is, will she create a fake suicide act in front of the audience, or will she find someone to save her and ruin her fake plan?" 
Rachel stared blankly for a while as she didn't know what could be Linda's plan. She paused and said, "Both are possible." 
Sheena looked at Linda, still in tears, as if she was mulling over her emotions to get everyone's sympathy. She coldly said, "She is trying to build up her emotions to show everyone how miserable she has become. The more riled up everyone is, the more sympathy she would gain when she takes her own life." 
"What a b*tch!!" Rachel gritted her teeth tightly and picked up her phone. "No way. Elisa must know about this. We never know what crazy tricks Linda has up her sleeves. Prevention is better than cure." 
Sheena fully agreed with her. "I'll share this recording with her now." 
"Okay." 
Rachel immediately contacted her. When Elisa picked up her phone, Rachel hurriedly said, "Elisa, look at your phone, quick! If you are free right now, watch the video Sheen sent you!" 
"Linda's video?" 
Listening to the calmness in her tone, Rachel froze for a moment before saying softly, "Yes, you… saw it?" 
"Yup, I'm watching it right now." Elisa looked at ease and didn't seem affected emotionally. 
Rachel became increasingly outraged all of a sudden, "What does this b*tch want? She is trying to put all the blame on you so that you will be insulted by the public?!" 
"Prologue," Elisa replied calmly. 
But Rachel was startled. "What do you mean?" 
Sheena took Rachel's phone and put it on speaker so she could hear the conversation clearly and speak to Elisa directly. 
Soon after, she replied, "Liz, you mean she is trying to… change her identity?" 
"That might be the case." The tone of Elisa's voice was calm as always, but Rachel was dumbfounded. 
She held her phone tightly and impatiently asked, "What do you mean? What exactly is this b*tch's plan?" 
Sheena's eyes were slightly quivering. She hesitated for a while before expressing her assumptions, "I guess… she might want to change her identity, and she will do it by faking her death so that everyone would know that Linda has disappeared. She intends to create an obstacle for Elisa…"
###chapter1134
Chapter 1134
CHAPTER 1134 ISN’T SHE THE ONE WHO DIDN’T TREASURE HER OWN LIFE? 
"What" Rachel seemed confused about what she said and looked at Sheena doubtfully, "What do you mean?" 
"I'm trying to say that her true intention is to change her whole identity. As she takes her own life this time, she informs everyone that Linda has disappeared and anger Elisa by letting everyone think that the culprit of her death is Elisa." 
"What identity does she want to change into?" Rachel looked confused. Her focus was no longer on the hidden message implied by her live broadcast but rather on her true intentions. 
Sheena's eyes quivered as she looked at Rachel's phone. Seeing the call duration increase second by second, she spoke again. "Elisa, what are you planning to do?" 
"Eventually, we'll have to see what's her next step." Elisa just spoke as usual and didn't add any further details. 
Sheena immediately asked, "You mean her new identity?" 
"Yes." 
"Bye, friends. If I continue, the police might come and save me, so for one last time, goodbye." 
After that, Linda didn't look at a single comment before jumping off the building! 
"F*ck! She really jumped!!" Rachel was in disbelief. 
Sheena blinked a few times and sneered. "After all, she wants to change her identity, so she has to make it more realistic. There could even be a dead body at the bottom." 
Elisa seemed calm as she analyzed the scenario like always. "It is possible. Now that she's reached this step, there must be a well-thought-out plan." 
Rachel gritted her teeth. "I truly hope she is already dead!" 
"There's no way… Seeing the comments, some people are sympathizing with Linda." Rachel said mockingly. 
When she said this, they started looking at the comments. 
xx: 'F*ck! She did it for real!' 
xxx: 'D*mn! Has this woman gone crazy? There's no need to commit suicide, no matter how hard it is! As the old saying goes, a living dog is better than a dead lion.' 
xxx: 'Hurry up and call the police!!' 
xx: 'I've already called the police!' 
xxx: 'There are a lot of pranksters these days. More people must make the report, or else the police won't believe it!' 
xxx: 'From this angle, even if we saw that she jumped off the building, who knows how it is down there! Honestly, we wouldn't know if she is just doing a stunt.' 
xxx: 'Do you have any conscience? It has already come to this extent, and you are all discussing whether it's real. Does it matter if it's real or not? For goodness sake, this is a person's life! She might have lived if you guys kept some of your mean comments to yourself. She could have been saved!' 
xx: 'If she's dead, then all the people who left the mean comments on the public chat are murderers! You must be satisfied now that it came to this extent! Do all of you feel content now?' 
xx: 'Are you in the right state of your mind? She could've committed suicide, or she could be acting. Even now, we cannot be sure whether she actually committed suicide or she was simply acting, and you are already accusing everyone of being murderers. Her life is in her own hands. Despite how her life could've been saved, who is there to blame if she died? Isn't she the one who didn't treasure her own life?'
###chapter1135
Chapter 1135
CHAPTER 1135 DON’T LET THIS B*TCH SUCCEED! 
The comments kept coming. Elisa wasn't interested in reading them now that it had all ended. 
She immediately said, "I will keep observing what happens later on. You guys don't have to worry about me." 
"Alright, you have to be careful, don't let this b*tch succeed!" Rachel advised her repeatedly as she feared that she might be in trouble. 
Elisa bit her lips. "Okay." 
They hung up right then. 
Elisa organized her things and left her office. She had an appointment scheduled with Will Darcey. 
Once she left her office to get into her car, she immediately saw Will's car. As the windows wound down slowly, Will's attractive face was presented in front of her. 
Elisa's eyes quivered slightly as she quietly walked towards him. 
The corner of Will's lips lifted as he saw Elisa's gorgeous and slim face. He softly greeted, "It's been a while." 
Elisa raised her eyebrows. "Mr. Darcey sure knows how to speak." 
It hadn't been that long since they last met, but he always created a unique atmosphere. This act was unbelievable to others. 
Will raised his eyebrow. "Isn't this the truth?" 
Elisa bit her lips and didn't say a word. At the same time, Will exited his car to open the door for Elisa personally. "You may enter, my princess." 
Elisa's eyes quivered. She wanted to say something initially. However, knowing anything she said wouldn't be helpful, she stayed silent and entered the car. 
Will helped her close the door before returning to the driver's seat. 
Many employees witnessed this scene unfold right in front of them. However, these women now looked at Elisa differently from the last time, as their gazes were no longer judgemental and suspicious. 
Some of them couldn't help but comment. 
"I envy Ms. Benett so much! She was Mr. Benett's daughter, but after Norman Benett's family took over their position, I thought… Mr. Benett was doomed. I was quite shocked when she returned to the office and even doubted whether she could survive here." 
"F*ck! You already could tell something was going on between her and Norman Benett's family at that time?" 
"How could I not? When she came into the office, she faced all kinds of difficulties disguised as part of her training, but in reality, they wanted her to back out on her own so she won't have the guts to step
into the office again. By then, the whole office would be criticizing her behind her back. Wouldn't you expect any girl facing such an insult to leave immediately? That was the exact intentions of Norman Benett's family." 
"You have a point. I also felt that something was weird but couldn't pinpoint it. I can't believe it!" 
"Haha… Now Linda's family is screwed. By the way, did you see the video of Linda committing suicide?" 
"I saw it! It's such a big incident. How could I miss it? But something doesn't add up. How did she get so many viewers on her suicide video? There wouldn't be up to 200 thousand viewers if it were for us. Would there even be such attention for popular broadcasters? Don't you all find it weird as well?" 
"Something felt wrong, but we have no evidence for our speculations. Right now, all the criticism is targeted toward Ms. Benett. I'm not sure how she will handle this."
###chapter1136
Chapter 1136
CHAPTER 1136 I ACCIDENTALLY REVEALED TOO MUCH! 
"Ah… no matter what, Ms. Bennett is no longer the same person as last time. Look at how impressive our Ms. Bennett is right now! Not only is she young and beautiful, but she is also exceptionally talented. I never thought that someone could be so perfect in this world!" 
"Exactly! In the past, I always assumed that the perfect woman came from a rich family, is a princess- like existence, had a good figure with a beautiful face, and had one or two talents cultivated through their family's assets. But now… looking at Ms. Benett…" 
She stopped here. Everyone was already nodding repeatedly at her words because it was the reality! 
"Ah… I really envy Ms. Benett. She has already established her career at a young age and has this outstanding company. She also possesses so many skills. Besides, don't you think the jewelry design was related to Ms. Benett? 
"Ah? Why do you think so?" 
"In the past, many people wanted to collaborate with Rene Caovilla. Wickam Group and Darcey Group were also part of them but didn't succeed. They couldn't manage to work with one another. But this time, Ms. Benett and Darcey Group were able to join forces with Rene Caovilla. Don't you all think that this success is attributed to Ms. Benett?" 
The young lady spoke enthusiastically with her two bright eyes. With her words, she managed to spur everyone's curiosity as they couldn't help but say, "You have a point! It does seem this way!" 
"I also felt that it was quite weird. Rene Caovilla would never accommodate anyone, but why would she accommodate Ms. Benett? Ms. Benett isn't as powerful as Mr. Wickam and Mr. Darcey." 
"Could it be… because of fate. Maybe Rene Caovilla and our Ms. Benett could click more easily?" 
"That is possible, but I don't think it's so simple. Even I feel doubtful, this Rene Caovilla…" As she spoke, the young lady held her chin and kept quiet. 
Everyone looked at her, obviously waiting for her to finish her sentence. Seeing her in deep thought, the people started to ask, "What are you doubtful about? Let us know." 
The young lady glanced back at the people there, and her eyes lit up. "No… nothing. I'm just making assumptions. I'm not sure what is happening exactly. Ah… it's quite late now. I have to head back home. See you all tomorrow!" 
After she said what she had to say, the young lady didn't bother about the weird stares from the people and ran away, holding her bag tightly. Even she was a bit startled. If Rene Caovilla was Ms. Benett herself, she must want to hide it from the public as it remains a secret. If Ms. Benett knew that she had figured out her identity, she would be in serious trouble. Even now, she still felt afraid and could only pray earnestly that Ms. Benett did not learn about what happened today. 
The way she talked to the others already had leading elements. There might even be some people that have come to the same conclusion and have started to discuss it… The young lady looked increasingly frightened. What… what should she do? 
As she breathed in slowly, she tried to calm her emotions down. 
After about half an hour, Will Darcey and Elisa Benett arrived at their destination. Throughout the whole journey, Will kept the conversation going with exciting topics. She was initially uninterested due to what happened with Linda, but surprisingly, they hit it off quite well.
###chapter1137
Chapter 1137
CHAPTER 1137 ENOUGH TIME 
"Let's go in." 
Elisa replied calmly, and both of them went inside the restaurant. Will had booked the whole place, so there were no other people around except for the service crew catering to them. 
Elisa had nothing to say in particular about this. Maybe Will didn't want anyone to know about what they discussed. Moreover, he had loads of money, and he could splurge freely. 
Soon, they went into the private room. After Will ordered some dishes according to her liking, the waiter left the room and closed the door. 
Elisa's gaze fell on Will, and she said calmly, "Is there anything wrong regarding the collaboration?" 
In the car, the two talked casually and didn't mention anything about work. Now that they were in a new environment, Elisa immediately brought up this topic. 
Will's smile widened as he replied, "The collaboration is going quite smoothly. I just wanted to see you." 
Elisa was speechless. 
She scrutinized him without saying anything, knowing he had just stated that mindlessly. 
Will took out his handphone and sent a document to Elisa, "Take a look at the document first."
Elisa opened the document and quietly read through everything. She frowned slightly and looked at Will, "You want to create a publicity stunt?" 
The words 'plagiarize' took her by surprise. 
Will put his hand on the table. His long fingers tapped on the table several times as his deep, profound eyes stared directly at Elisa. "You think this looks like a publicity stunt?" 
Elisa frowned and looked at Will with confusion. 
The contents of this document showed that Rene Caovilla had plagiarized others. Elisa almost believed it was confirmed, as everything written in the document had clear justifications. But until now, she had not seen anything related to this on the Internet, so she wasn't sure what his intentions were in showing her this. 
However, after pausing, Will smiled and said, "Maybe Rene Caovilla's popularity caused envy amongst the people in the same field. This document has reached my hands first before it's shared officially with the public." 
Elisa frowned and didn't say a single word. She was in deep thought about the things that had happened recently. 
After a slight pause, she looked at Will again, "You wanted to tell me this the other day?" 
It had already been a week. 
She didn't see this document up until now. 
Will didn't reply right away. He smiled and said, "I restricted them, and they couldn't share it with the public." 
Elisa's eyes became still as she spoke softly, "I can't be sure who the culprit is now." 
"I will share with you the details about what they have discovered. But I was thinking, should we just let them do as they wish?" 
Elisa suddenly raised her eyes. Even though she didn't say a word, she looked hesitant. "Are you sure?" 
"This form of publicity stunt is not impossible. Rene Caovilla's plagiarism would be a huge issue. Later, once everything is cleared out and their accusations are debunked, they would be screwed." 
Elisa looked calm. "We have just started our collaboration and haven't disclosed any details regarding the design procedures. They wouldn't be able to steal any bit of classified information." 
"Then we can reveal part of it." Will raised his eyebrows and showed a meaningful smile. "What do you think?" 
Elisa didn't say a word. She was contemplating what Will had suggested. 
Will didn't rush her into making a decision and gave her enough time to consider it. The private room suddenly went quiet.
###chapter1138
Chapter 1138
CHAPTER 1138 ENEMY’S SUCCESS OR FAILURE 
Elisa didn't say a word the whole time. She might have been contemplating the idea suggested just now. The knock on the door by the server finally broke the silence in the room. 
The servers brought in the dishes and served them with respectful and polite smiles. After laying the plates on the table, they asked if anything else was needed before leaving the room. 
Will looked at Elisa and smiled. "Shall we eat?" 
"Sure." 
Elisa replied as she held on to her fork and spoon. She would never deny a chance to indulge in a delicious meal. 
Both of them didn't say a word. Elisa was preoccupied with enjoying her meal, while Will seemed used to this aspect of her. 
Once they were done, Elisa put down her cutleries. Only then, Will looked at her and asked, "So what's your take?" 
Elisa wiped the corner of her lips with the napkin before slowly speaking, "It's not impossible, but I don't have the capacity to deal with this. Can you do it?" 
Will smiled. "No problem." 
Elisa nodded and didn't say anything after. 
The things they discussed today seemed trivial, but if thought in depth, the problem they discussed was crucial as it determined the enemy's success or failure.
"Shall we go now?" Elisa looked at the person in front of her and wasn't interested in continuing the conversation. 
Will raised his eyebrows as he wasn't sure what her intentions were. He smoothly asked her, "Are you free tomorrow? I wanna bring you somewhere." 
Elisa looked at him and did not say a word, but her expressions were transparent. 
Will understood her right away. 
If it was nothing important, she didn't want to go. On the other hand, if it was related to the collaboration, she would go. 
He smiled and said, "It's somewhat related to the collaboration. You will know when you're there." 
Elisa pursed her lips and stayed silent, tacitly agreeing to his offer. 
She then took her purse and left. 
Will stayed by her side, like her personal bodyguard. 
Any passersby who saw this beautiful couple couldn't help but take out their handphones to snap a picture of them secretly. Both front and back views were taken and uploaded online in an instant. 
It was the second time these two people had been seen together. 
The first time was when Will went to Benett Group's office to pick up Elisa, which caused heated discussions online. Before the first wave of discussions calmed down, the second wave had already started. 
xx: 'Ahhhhhh, it's the golden couple!! Urgh, both of them are gorgeous!'
xx: 'F*ck hahaha, what nonsense are you saying? Golden couple?! What a joke!' 
xx: 'They both come from a prominent family background. They most likely saw each other quite frequently when they were younger. Maybe they even knew each other from a young age. It's not an overstatement to say they are a golden couple.' 
xxx: 'Oh f*ck, the term 'Golden Couple' can be used like this? But I envy them! How is my goddess so impressive?! I'll thank my lucky stars if I'm even half as good as my goddess.' 
xxx: 'Half as good as her? Are you dreaming? How can you ever be half as good as her? Do you know how talented you must be to be half as talented? Even ten percent would be a miracle!' 
xxx: 'You have a point… then I just want ten percent of her talents… I'm not even at a tenth of our goddess' level'. 
With that, Elisa Benett and Will Darcey were the hottest topics online for a long time. Anyone who wanted to take over the first place had already given up. They didn't even have any hatred towards Elisa because…
###chapter1139
Chapter 1139
CHAPTER 1139 THEY ARE TOGETHER! 
They were over it and willingly accepted that they were unlucky… 
All they could say was that they were not up to par with her. 
They could not compare themselves with Elisa. They were… not worthy! 
Soon after, both of them left in Will's car. 
Whenever he was with Elisa, Will wouldn't let anyone else drive them. He would become Elisa's personal driver as he didn't want anyone to spoil the mood. 
On the road, Will didn't mention anything about work and instead started to talk to her about lighter topics. Even though Elisa wasn't interested in what Will was saying, she felt comfortable talking with him. 
They only stopped talking when they reached their destination. It was already late then, and the Sun had already set. 
But this didn't affect everyone's enthusiasm. There were still never-ending rows of cars lined up on the streets. 
The streetlights had already turned on, making the streets look more bustling. 
Plenty of people were on the streets, and everyone was smiling as they walked. 
As it was dark, many people couldn't recognize them, but… these two people had such a strong aura that caught the attention of the people around them as soon as they appeared. 
"Look at those two, are they… I'm not sure, but hurry up and take a look." 
"Sh*t! Isn't that Elisa Benett?! And the person beside her is…" 
"It's Mr. Darcey!!! They are together at this late hour!" 
"Ah! Quick, we have to go over and take a look! They are so good-looking!! They must have a great aura. I have to go and experience it myself!" 
People were already walking toward the two of them when they said this. 
But… just as they started walking, they realized the two of them had already stepped into a huge bar. 
"Hurry up, let's go in." 
A girl was in a hurry to catch up to them, but as soon as she reached the entrance, she was held back by her friend. 
"Wake up! They would definitely enter the private room when they are inside. They might think you are up to no good if you keep following them." 
"What kind of joke is this? I am an absolute beauty. Even if Mr. Darcey has someone he's interested in,
it's not possible that he would accuse an innocent young lady of being a criminal?" 
"That's enough! Let's leave!" The person who was speaking had no intention of arguing with her, so she just pulled the girl away immediately. 
But a few people couldn't bear the curiosity and entered the bar as it was a once-in-a-lifetime chance to bump into this couple. Even the worker at the front desk was displeased with the number of new faces entering the bar. He felt exhausted. 
As for Will and Elisa, the two did not pay attention to the people outside or who came into the bar together. They headed straight into the private room. 
The people who followed them behind… had to stop in their tracks helplessly as they could no longer follow them inside. Even if they wanted to enter the private room, they must book other private rooms. 
Also… 
It was a popular place, so it's unlikely that they would find a private room to rent. 
Elisa followed Will inside the room, and everyone turned around slowly to look at her with a strange gaze.
###chapter1140
Chapter 1140
CHAPTER 1140 OVERLOOK 
Elisa's eyes started to quiver slightly. Four men were in the private room, and everyone was in suits. Their postures varied from one another. Some of them were sitting upright, and the others sat casually. There were even some who were swirling their glass of red wine to taste. 
However, when Elisa appeared, everyone stopped and looked fixedly in their direction. 
Lucas Nolan squinted, pushed up his golden-framed glasses, and said with a faint smile, "It's quite different today?" 
The elegant and courteous Leo Coleman also smiled faintly. "How can this be quite different? It's extremely different." 
When did Will Darcey ever bring a woman to this place? 
No, it should be — when did Will Darcey get a woman? 
Although there were many rumors about him, Will wasn't a playboy. All these years, he had never had a girlfriend. Will never bothered about the photoshopped pictures of him and treated them as a joke. As time passed, he became a playboy in the public's eyes. 
If he knew this day would come, he would regret overlooking such behavior in the past. 
All this while, even though Will and Elisa had many encounters, everyone knew Will treated Elisa
differently. 
But... they could never imagine that Will would bring Elisa to them. 
It signified something different. 
It meant that he valued her. If not, he wouldn't bring her here. To put it bluntly, he wanted them to know he was serious about this! 
All four of them had mixed emotions at that moment. 
Some felt it was a good thing as long as Will liked her. But some also felt that since Elisa was the ex- wife of Gareth Wickam, it would create many complications. 
Some even felt that despite Elisa's talent in multiple areas, she was still imperfect. In their eyes, Will Darcey was indeed one of a kind. 
Even though they perceived it this way, times have changed. Moreover, Elisa was truly impressive, and many men didn't even get to go near her. To be honest... No one is better than the other. Moreover, the issue of whether Will could successfully pursue Elisa was already complicated enough. 
Elisa didn't feel uncomfortable about the situation. After all, he intended to bring her here to meet people. Nonetheless, she didn't expect the people she met to be all his close friends. 
She never expected that he would bring her to meet these people. 
Will raised his eyebrows and didn't respond to them. He smoothly turned towards Elisa. "Let me
introduce you to them. These are all my close friends, but I think you already know them." 
Elisa nodded. "Yes." 
The man sitting at the corner pushed back his shoulder-length hair. His handsome face seemed slightly gloomy. He paused for a while before looking at Elisa, grinding his teeth, and said to her, "I recognize you as well, Black-Eyed Susan. May I ask if you felt your chest tighten when you hacked into my computer? Anyhow, I'm still a living person standing in front of you right now." 
Elisa turned around to look at him and bit her lips. "Mr. Reed, you have a great memory. I was not used to the amount of trash in your computer, so I helped you to clear it up." 
Austin couldn't help but clench his jaw and look toward Will. "I had an undesired encounter with this woman before. You must get her to return all the X-rated videos on my computer."
###chapter1141
Chapter 1141
CHAPTER 1141 IT’S MY LOSS! "F*ck... Can you not be so shameless? You see those kinds of videos all day. It's unhealthy for your mind!" Despite being quiet since Elisa joined, Louis Adams couldn't help but criticize his friend. 
He's the most unpredictable one out of all of them. 
He was also willing to blurt anything out. 
As for Austin's computer, it was a pure coincidence. Austin had hacked into her computer, so she counterattacked immediately. She found many garbage files unexpectedly and cleared them out without hesitation. 
Austin was infuriated. He spent a lot of effort compiling the videos, and it ended up... 
Giving him a headache! 
The corner of Will's mouth twitched. He turned to Elisa. "Don't bother about them." 
"She's already here. How can she not bother? Don't you think so, Ms. Benett?" Loius had a carefree smile on his face. Elisa was reminded of Vincent's unpredictable character when she looked at him. 
After a short pause, Elisa replied, "I'm not sure what you mean." 
Will glanced at Elisa. "Let's take a seat here." 
Elisa didn't say a word and went to sit beside Will. 
She still didn't understand why Will had brought her here. Did he want to discuss work, or... was she tricked by him? 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say a word. She couldn't just leave right now. 
They were all very talkative, and the atmosphere was lively. It didn't become awkward because of Elisa's presence. Instead, it felt very comfortable. 
After talking for half an hour, Will raised his eyebrows and said calmly, "We've talked for quite a while. It's time to get to the main topic." 
Will glanced at Elisa and showed a meaningful smile. "Thanks to them, we learned about the schemes others were up to. If you need any publicity stunt in the future, you can let Austin take a look." 
Austin laughed dumbfoundedly. "You need my help? Sure! Recover all the videos on my computer, or I'll never lift a finger to help you! I would even support your enemies." 
Austin Wise. No one there would ever call him by his last name because they all agreed that he was immature and would never live up to his name. 
"What the h*ll! What nonsense are you babbling? The lady is right here, and you say such useless things. Are you crazy?" 
"You're the crazy one! Your whole family is crazy! Also, in what way does she act like a lady? She deleted all my prized possessions! How is this type of behavior ladylike?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Compared to other men, Austin's hair was much longer, so he looked comparable to a sophisticated artist. However, no one would associate him with an artist because of his actions. What a waste of such sophisticated features. 
Elisa would rather look away from him. 
The veins on Will's temple throbbed as he stared at him. Although he didn't say anything, his profound gaze was apparent to anyone. 
Austin couldn't say a word. 
D*mn it! 
It's my loss to have him as a close friend! 
Right after, he leaned on the back of his chair and kept quiet. He should be satisfied now that he had become silent!
###chapter1142
Chapter 1142
CHAPTER 1142 PLUMMETED After a pause, Will said calmly, "I'll leave this up to you. You can decide on the specifics of the proposal." 
Austin turned away. He didn't want to look at Will or pay Will any attention. He wants me to think of the proposal? Is he kidding?! My movie is gone! 
Elisa sat beside Will, and she didn't have any opinions. Will must have been prepared if he was agreeable to such an arrangement. To her, this might not have been something she needed to pay special attention to. 
Right now, she needed to design a good product. But of course… she had other things to do, and she had to do them as soon as possible. 
Louis couldn't help but sneer. "His mind is filled with nasty thoughts, and I don't know what he's thinking about. Thanks to that woman, he'll be done for sooner or later!" 
"A life lived in love will never be dull. Haven't you heard this before?" Austin boasted shamelessly. He didn't care about other people's comments at all. 
"Amazing." Louis looked at him in surprise and felt that the person before him was beyond redemption. He didn't want to say anything else. 
"Let's talk business." Will didn't want to talk nonsense. His gaze landed on Austin. 
Austin furrowed his brows slightly, and his eyes were filled with displeasure. 
Elisa sat at one side and had no intention of speaking from the start until the end. It was as though what came next was not directly related to her. 
After a few minutes, Austin seemed to be defeated. He gritted his teeth and said, "It's because I owe you guys a favor!" 
After that, he started to talk about the specifics of the proposal earnestly. Surprise flickered across Elisa's eyes. 
Although this person looked like a scoundrel and his mind seemed to be filled with nasty thoughts, it couldn't be denied that his proposal was impressive and made others admire him. 
Elisa had initially been absentminded at the side, but she was now starting to analyze his content. 
When Austin finished speaking, Louis added, "It's better this time. You can use your brain seriously in the future!" 
"D*mn! I've always been serious, alright? Now I'm telling you seriously to return my things!" 
If anyone else had touched his computer, he could recover it even if it was destroyed. Perhaps others might not even have the chance to find these things on Austin's computer. 
But it was different with Elisa! She had remarkable skills. He couldn't recover anything destroyed even if he tried his best! He would be awfully distressed if that happened! 
Elisa raised her brows and ignored him. She asked questions regarding the proposal instead. 
After that, surprise flashed across Austin's eyes. "That makes sense. This is indeed a loophole, so let me think about it." 
After he said that, he came up with an idea and started to think of a different way. He talked about it, and everyone felt the proposal was better. 
"Not bad! It's ready to go!" Austin was boasting. After that, he couldn't help but flash a fawning smile at Elisa. "Can you recover my things since I worked so hard?" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
The corners of her mouth twitched, and the better impression she had of him instantly plummeted.
###chapter1143
Chapter 1143
CHAPTER 1143 MR. DARCEY IS SERIOUS 
"I'm sorry, it can't be recovered," Elisa said figuratively. After that, her gaze landed on Will. "Is there anything else? I have to go back." 
Will smiled. "I'll send you." 
"No need. I'll go back alone. Go on." After all, they were good friends who were meeting each other. Elisa didn't plan to let Will follow her out. 
But… 
How could Will let her go home alone? Furthermore, he longed for such opportunities to take care of her. At the next moment, he stood up. "No need. They can stay here. I'll send you." 
After that, he took two steps forward on his own accord and opened the door for Elisa. 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly, and she was about to say something when Louis seemed to read her mind. He immediately said, "Ah, Mrs. Darcey, let him send you. Otherwise, he'll be absentminded after you leave. Most of his soul will be gone, so there's no use leaving his empty shell here." 
Elisa's brows suddenly wrinkled, and she immediately looked at Louis. She said calmly, "You can call me Elisa." 
Louis was startled but laughed out loud at the next moment. "Ah, I blurted it out. It was mainly because I saw how well-matched you two are. I'm sorry. But I look forward to the day I can call you Mrs. Darcey." 
Elisa's brows furrowed again, but she didn't say anything. She walked out instead. Will turned to glance at everyone and said nothing before he caught up with her. 
Louis looked away when the door shut, and his frivolousness also disappeared. He looked at the rest and said, slightly puzzled, "It's a little tough for Mr. Darcey this time. She isn't attracted to him at all. He's made so much effort but can only interact with her for their partnership. It must be difficult for him." 
Austin shrugged. "This woman is actually quite scary. She hacked into people's computers for no reason, so he'll be fine without her." 
"D*mn. Haha, you're mad. If not for the time you hacked someone's computer on your own accord to test your skills, would you be in such a miserable state? Serves you right." 
"Nonsense! As the laborer, I'm the pitiful one, alright?!" Austin didn't talk about how he had hacked others by himself. Instead, he kept repeatedly saying that he was the pitiful one. 
Ezra pushed the gold-framed glasses on his face again. He said thoughtfully, "It's hard to say if they can be together. Mr. Darcey has his struggles." 
Leo narrowed his eyes and said indifferently, "He chose his path. Since he wants such a woman, he has to invest much more effort." 
Everyone else suddenly quietened as though they were pondering. 
…
At that moment, Elisa and Will were beside the car. Will opened the door of the passenger's seat for Elisa, and he still had a gentle smile on the corners of his lips. "Get in, my princess." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She was slightly restless, but she would seem particularly pretentious if she didn't get into the car now and said she wanted to leave alone instead. Furthermore, he wouldn't let her go. It wasn't as though she hadn't tried it in the past. It was better to get into his car than bicker with him. 
When Elisa saw Will enter the driver's seat and fasten his seatbelt, she pondered and finally said, "Will, I think there are some things we should clarify. I want to tell you this again seriously."
###chapter1144
Chapter 1144
CHAPTER 1144 I LIKE YOU 
Will raised his brows and turned to look at the person before him. He saw that her gaze was solemn, and she couldn't hide it. Will sighed lightly. "I know what you're going to say. But I might not necessarily listen even if you say it." 
Elisa's brows furrowed slightly. She looked at Will and didn't speak immediately but felt somewhat uneasy. She felt that continuing on like this would bring them trouble. 
But… 
It seemed hopeless to say anything as she saw how Will looked. 
Just as she was pondering, Will sighed softly. "Liz." 
Elisa raised her eyes and looked at him quietly. 
Will said serenely, "You've never believed me and always thought I had ulterior motives for approaching you. I'm telling you that time reveals a man's heart." 
Elisa had a complicated expression and was about to retort when he said with ease, "Since you still can't tell if I'm a sincere person, I can continue waiting." 
Only the two of them were in the car. Will wasn't in a rush to drive anymore. Since she wanted to talk, he would do it. 
Elisa's brows furrowed tightly, and her eyes were filled with ion. "There's actually no need. I know full well what's going on. Your true feelings might make others fall for you, Mr. Darcey, but I…" 
The corners of Elisa's lips curved slightly into a somewhat mocking smile. "I'm not worthy." 
She was divorced and undeserving of love. 
Even if Will was sincere about her, she wouldn't be moved. Like she had said to Carle previously, Carle and Gareth had better lives. As a divorced woman, Elisa had no feelings long ago. They wouldn't experience love if she was with them. 
She… had lost the right to fall in love long ago. 
When Elisa thought about it, she tilted her head. 
A tinge of rage flickered across Will's always refined and deep eyes because of what she had said. 
He raised his hand and pulled her wrist. Elisa looked at him subconsciously and wanted to pull her hand away. 
"Let go?" She looked at him and was slightly surprised by the anger in his eyes. 
Will stared at her and said calmly, "Love is always consensual. You don't have to like me or have feelings for me right now, but there's no need to feel like you're not worthy." 
Will's tone was slightly somber, and his emphasis was strong. It made Elisa grow more surprised. She looked at Will, and she paused. "You…" 
"I like you, Liz. I have never concealed or pretended." Will's voice was gentle, but it didn't affect the firmness in his voice. 
Elisa's brows fluttered. She raised her eyes slightly and looked at the man before her again, only to see blazing sincerity in his eyes. She had never seen such an expression on his face. 
She paused and took a breath before she pulled her hand away successfully. Will wasn't like Gareth, who controlled her forcefully. 
This made Elisa feel a lot more comfortable. 
But… she wouldn't choose either of them. 
Elisa looked down slightly and didn't want to talk about it anymore. She said calmly, "Please send me home."
###chapter1145
Chapter 1145
CHAPTER 1145 THE FIGURE ON THE STAIRS 
The air was suddenly quiet. 
Elisa looked at the person before her calmly. 
But Will wasn't in a rush to start the engine. Instead, he looked at the gorgeous woman in front of him. 
Will sighed. "Liz, I never wanted to force you, but I feel like you will be driven further away if I don't take a step forward." 
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly. She immediately looked at the person before her vigilantly. Even if she didn't say it, her purpose was clear. She had her guard up against him. 
Will suddenly couldn't help but laugh. "Don't worry, I won't do anything to you." 
Elisa's eyes flashed slightly, but she didn't relax. 
Will stared at her, and his expression was solemn. "From tomorrow onward, I'll come to pick you up to and from work." 
Impatience suddenly flickered across her eyes. "You know that this will only make our partnership come to a complete end in the future." 
Will stared at her and said nothing. 
He knew she didn't like it. 
But what he had said was the truth. If he didn't approach and take a step toward Elisa, she would only be driven further away, and he wouldn't even have a chance. 
Even if Will had high EQ, he was in a tough spot then. 
"It's fine. I'll leave on my own." After that, Elisa was about to unfasten her seatbelt, but before she could do anything, the car suddenly locked, and he started the engine. 
Elisa glanced at Will and saw that he had started to drive earnestly. He looked like he didn't plan on speaking, so she fastened her seatbelt again. 
Soon, the car left the underground parking lot. 
The two were silent on the way, but it was more peaceful than before. Elisa sighed slightly in relief. 
… 
There were more discussions on Twitter because Will and Elisa had met. Some were even waiting outside for them to come out. 
They never imagined that! 
Will and Elisa actually came out! 
They took many pictures and posted them online. 
Many couldn't help but start to discuss frantically. 
And these trending searches were seen by many. 
This included Gareth. 
At that moment, Gareth's expression was particularly dark. It was time to sleep, but he wasn't sleepy. In fact, there was cold air around him because he had seen the photos of Will and Elisa walking together. 
He restlessly put down his cell phone without seeing the tweets saying they were a perfect match. 
Only the heavens knew how much he had been suppressing the restlessness in his heart. But he couldn't control himself when he thought Elisa was still with that man. The next moment, he picked up his cell phone and rushed out the door. 
Gareth drove quickly on the way, and the other drivers didn't have a chance to react. When he arrived at Elisa's house, he realized that the house was empty and no one else was there. He didn't see Will's car either. 
Gareth's chilly expression relaxed slightly. He could tell that Will wasn't spending a night here. 
He opened the door of the driver's seat and got out of the car. 
But after a moment, he walked into her house. 
That's right, her house. 
He had fingerprint access to the doors. 
Elisa, who had just showered, suddenly realized something wasn't right. She wrapped herself in a towel and didn't think much as she immediately walked out. 
Before she could take a few steps, she saw a figure appear on the stairs. 
Elisa's expression was instantly nasty!
###chapter1146
Chapter 1146
CHAPTER 1146 TELL ME, WHAT CAN I DO? 
Why is he here?! 
And how did he come in?! 
Elisa looked coldly at the person before her and said nothing. Still, the annoyance in her eyes was unmistakable. 
As for Gareth… His expression had been dark, but his gaze suddenly froze when he saw her come out only wrapped in a towel. 
He didn't take another step forward, and neither did Elisa. There was almost a ten-foot distance between the two. 
Elisa had wanted to come out and look at the situation, so she didn't turn on the lights. Only a faint glow came from the bedroom. The two didn't say anything for a long time, and Elisa's expression darkened. In the end, she broke the silence. 
"Did you come in because I didn't shut the door properly?" She sneered. It was clear she didn't actually mean it. It was impossible that she didn't shut the door tightly, and she would be notified even if she did! 
But this man had appeared out of nowhere. Elisa's expression was particularly terrible. 
Gareth kept quiet and walked forward instead. He only stopped when he was three feet away from her. 
"What did you do today?" It sounded calm and not questioning at all. 
But Elisa seemed to hear displeasure in his voice and traces of… 
Elisa was slightly hesitant. Jealousy? 
Why did she feel this way? It must have been a misconception! 
Elisa's expression darkened slightly. "It's my affairs, but I want to know when you had fingerprint access to my house?! Or when did you get my house keys?!" 
Her tone clearly grew more solemn at the end, and the annoyance in her eyes intensified. 
Elisa gripped the towel in her hands tightly so it wouldn't fall. But she wasn't feeling shy because the towel was wrapped tightly around her. It was more secure than a bikini. 
But… 
She didn't know that the towel on her… To Gareth, it wasn't as tight as she thought it was… 
A three-foot distance was between the two because he had approached. 
He had a clearer view. 
The towel around Elisa wasn't huge. Her curvaceous figure and her beautiful, slim, smooth legs stood
still. The woman's sweet shoulders were utterly exposed, and strands of her hair that had yet to dry entirely fell on her chest, which had a faintly discernible curve. Along with the faint light inside the room, patches of light fell on her beautiful silhouette… 
At that moment, Elisa was highly enticing! 
Gareth's Adam's apple moved slightly. 
He stared at Elisa and wasn't in a rush to speak. 
His silence made Elisa's expression darken. "Leave now!" 
She didn't want to find out how Gareth had come in. She only wanted him to leave her line of sight so he wouldn't be in the way! 
But Gareth had no intention of leaving. His slightly frozen gaze recovered, and he glanced coldly at the somewhat angry woman before him. 
After a pause, Gareth walked closer to Elisa. In an instant, Elisa wrapped the towel tighter around her and stepped back. She looked at him with her guard up. "What are you doing?" 
Gareth wasn't angered by her. In fact, he smiled and said coldly, "You came out to greet me in a towel. Tell me, what can I do?" 
After that, Gareth suddenly took two steps forward.
###chapter1147
Chapter 1147
CHAPTER 1147 THREE MOST MISERABLE YEARS 
Elisa immediately backed away in fright. But if she continued stepping back, she would walk into the bedroom. At that moment, Elisa had a terrible expression. 
"Gareth Wickam!" She feared that Gareth wasn't clear-headed, so she immediately called him by his full name, afraid that he would do something wretched again. 
After they divorced, he hugged and kissed her. She was worried that this man…! 
At the next moment, she didn't dare to think about it further. Even though she told herself not to be self- absorbed and that Gareth hated her, but… she couldn't deny everything that Gareth had done to her then. 
If he really hates me, why did he kiss me? 
Upon seeing Gareth approach, Elisa's expression turned nasty. The next moment, she suddenly ran into the bedroom and shut the door tight while locking the door at the same time. 
But… 
After she locked it, she came to her senses. The key was inserted outside the door. 
Elisa's brows furrowed tightly, and she had an awful expression as her back was against the door. 
"Get out, Gareth. You're not welcome here!" 
The stupid man had quietly acquired her house keys or recorded his fingerprint. She still didn't know what had happened. 
Why does Gareth have my keys?! 
Wait. Hold on. 
Elisa's expression froze slightly. She had given Grandma a pair of keys previously so Grandma could come over if Grandma wanted to look for her. 
Could it be… 
Did Grandma give the keys to Gareth? 
But she chased the thought away as soon as she thought of it. Grandma would never have done such a thing. Even if Gareth had gotten the keys from Grandma, he must have taken them without Grandma's knowledge. 
Elisa's forehead furrowed noticeably. With her back against the door, she feared that Gareth would twist the keys outside and walk in. 
But after a moment, she heard a cold voice intertwined with sarcasm from outside the door. "I've never touched you while we were married, let alone now."
Elisa wrinkled her brows tightly and stayed silent. She didn't know if she should believe what the man said. 
Elisa shifted slightly after hearing nothing outside. The man still didn't seem like he had any intention of coming in, so she quickly took a set of pajamas from her wardrobe and changed into them. At that moment, it was like she suddenly had a shield. 
After a moment, she still didn't hear Gareth intending to leave. She hesitated momentarily and said in a deep voice, "So why did you come here today?" 
"Open the door." Gareth only said those three words. His voice was exceptionally icy. 
Elisa opened the door. She had changed into her clothes, so she wasn't afraid of Gareth. She looked coldly at the man's slightly dark face. "What is it? Please leave at once when you're done!" 
If Elisa wasn't refined, she would have cursed at the man. 
The veins on Gareth's forehead suddenly twitched. At the next moment, he said in a low voice, "I said to stay away from Will. Not only did you ignore me, but you also got closer to him. Do you know what will happen in the end?" 
His voice had an endless iciness, but Elisa couldn't help but sneer. "I'm a loner, and no one can threaten me. What should I fear?" 
Upon seeing Gareth's expression darken, she scoffed again. "Furthermore, the three most miserable years of my life have passed. What could be worse than my life at that time?"
###chapter1148
Chapter 1148
CHAPTER 1148 SHE REALLY KNOWS HOW TO FOOL AROUND 
In an instant, Gareth's expression seemed to have changed. 
There was a complicated expression in his eyes. He pursed his lips as he looked at the taunting smile on the face of the woman before him but didn't say anything. 
After that, Elisa looked at him and said in a low voice, "You don't have to trouble yourself over my affairs. I don't need you to keep an eye on me, Mr. Wickam. I will do my best for your illness and Grandma's condition, but let's go our separate ways for everything else." 
Let's go our separate ways for everything else. 
Elisa said it lightly, as if she took no notice of him and wanted nothing to do with him. She seemed exceptionally at ease when she said she didn't care. 
She must have been through significant troubles to be so calm if it wasn't feigned. 
"Go our separate ways." Gareth sneered as he repeated it. 
Just as Elisa frowned again, Gareth looked at her coldly. "We have never made clear our relationship from the start until the end. How can we go our separate ways?" 
Elisa immediately furrowed her brows tightly. "We're divorced, Gareth." 
Elisa was quite angry at that moment. She wasn't as calm as before when she called him Mr. Wickam. 
Perhaps Gareth found Elisa more genuine because of that. He was tired of hearing that title and found it annoying. 
From the start until the end, he had never heard her call him… hubby. 
Not even when they were married. 
Because he had told Elisa that it didn't mean they were husband and wife even if they were married. 
They were just married in name. 
Gareth massaged the bridge of his nose slightly restlessly. He paused and looked at Elisa before saying, "Will is far from what you see on the surface. Stay away from him so you won't get hurt." 
Elisa said indifferently, "We've only had a working relationship from the start until the end. There's nothing else other than this. You and Will are only my business partners. We're only linked by profit and not emotional affairs." 
Gareth was dumbstruck. 
He almost couldn't control the rage in him. 
He realized that Elisa really knew how to challenge his base line! 
She's overstepping my limits and really knows how to fool around! 
Elisa saw that Gareth wasn't moving, so she sighed in relief. At the same time, she didn't want to look at him anymore. She said in a low voice, "Please leave." 
She only said those two words. Elisa would feel she was wasting her effort and energy if she said even one more word. 
However, Gareth had no intention of leaving. Instead, he walked toward her, and Elisa's expression changed slightly. She was about to close the door with both hands, but Gareth blocked it with his nimble eyes and agile hands. After that, he went into her bedroom. 
The lights in the bedroom had been on, so he saw everything inside at one glance. He was slightly startled. 
This… 
Looks similar to her… no, to our old house. 
Although the decorations were utterly different, Gareth couldn't help but feel comforted as he inhaled the sweet scent in the room. 
In the past, he might have felt reassured when she was in the house. But perhaps because he didn't care then, he would have felt fed up even if he noticed anything. 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly. 
As if he hated his current self. 
But before he could ponder further, Elisa said furiously, "Get out!"
###chapter1149
Chapter 1149
CHAPTER 1149 YOU’RE NOT WORTHY OF ME 
Gareth's expression instantly darkened. 
Seeing Elisa raise her fingers and point outside, he suddenly raised his hand and grabbed hers. He looked at the woman before him and said with anger intertwined in his voice, "Do you have a heart, Elisa Benett?!" 
Elisa laughed in a rage at his words. 
He had asked her the same question countless times! 
And she had answered him twice. Doesn't he know whether I'm heartless?! 
Doesn't he know how much I used to love him?! 
But here he is, asking me if I have a heart. Is he so shameless?! 
The fury in Elisa's heart kept growing. She looked at him angrily and berated him furiously. "I wish I was heartless. That way, my feelings wouldn't have been wasted for three years, and I wouldn't have been deceived for so many years!" 
Gareth's expression turned colder! Before he could say anything, it seemed like Elisa couldn't stop. She looked at him coldly. 
"I wish I was ruthless so my life wouldn't have been so dark for three years! I wish I could be merciless! Then I wouldn't have had my hopes up for three years! I wouldn't have had to tolerate seeing you get close to other women and wait for you for three years! I must have been a moron to have loved you so much in the past. I wanted to be with you regardless of anything!" 
Gareth's gaze froze slightly. He pursed his lips but suddenly didn't know what to say. 
However, Elisa didn't stop. Instead, she yelled with all her might, "I used to think I could do it. If I used my feelings to sway yours, you would like me, and we would have a happy ending. Because before that thing happened, I felt that you treated me differently from the others. I thought you understood me better. But since that issue happened, you thought I was devious and suddenly despised me. But I was wrongly accused from the start until the end. I explained it to you so many times, but did you believe me even once?" 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly. She told him countless times that she was the victim, but he didn't believe a word then. 
Upon seeing him silent, Elisa's gaze at him suddenly flickered before she laughed mockingly at the next moment. "Look, if you still don't believe me, what is the point of talking about this? Gareth, you're asking me, but you don't trust me. Don't you think this is funny?" 
Gareth stared at her and pursed his lips tightly, not saying a word. 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh sarcastically. "The two of us aren't destined for each other. As you said previously, I'm not worthy. I'm unworthy of the title of 'Mrs. Wickam' and to be your wife. All you've shown me is contempt and disdain. You felt that I hijacked your wedding, but since I've set you free, why are you coming to look for me again? Don't you find this puzzling, Gareth? Don't you think this is
shameless?" 
Elisa wasn't afraid when she saw a storm brewing on Gareth's face. She looked at him in contempt. "You're trying to win back the person you despised most in the past. Is profit so important to you that you can be so brazen? Moreover, what you can earn far surpasses the profit I can bring you! Do you still need money?" 
"Wake up, Gareth. You used to think I was not worthy of you, but now, I think you're not worthy of me! You're not worthy of how I used to treat you so sincerely!"
###chapter1150
Chapter 1150
CHAPTER 1150 PLEASE LEAVE 
Now, you're not worthy of me! 
Gareth's expression changed abruptly, and it was indescribably awful. At that moment, he never imagined Elisa would say such things. He stared at Elisa and saw her serious appearance. 
In an instant, the veins on the man's forehead were more prominent. 
But at that moment, his rage seemed to be concealed by another emotion. It was as though he forgot to get angry. 
At that moment, his expression turned nastier, and his gaze toward Elisa turned colder. 
Meanwhile, Elisa felt exhausted. 
Ultimately, she didn't want to look at Gareth any longer. She turned and said calmly, "Please leave." 
She didn't want to waste time on him anymore. What was the use of telling him so much? 
It would seem like she couldn't let go. 
What was the point of telling him about her years of begrudging feelings? He wouldn't believe a word and might even find her repulsive. After she talked about it, he would treat her as a joke, and she would seem like a fool in the end. 
The corners of Elisa's lips curved slightly into a sneer. She shouldn't have said so much. Perhaps she had accumulated too much resentment previously, and she hadn't been able to control herself. 
She would control herself in the future and not talk about it. 
There was no need to talk about it because it wasted their time. It wasn't worth it to end up with a foolish reputation for no reason. 
Gareth stared at Elisa and saw she wasn't as emotional as she had been. Instead, she was gradually resuming her calm demeanor. The anger in him suddenly rose. 
He hated seeing her so calm. 
Gareth raised his hand and seemed to massage the bridge of his nose wearily. He said in a low voice, "The past is in the past, and this is the present. I hope that you can discern the two." 
Elisa glanced at him coldly. "Please leave." 
She said the same thing. She didn't want to say too much to the man. 
Gareth didn't say anything. He turned and walked out. 
However, he didn't leave her house. Instead, he walked to the bedroom he usually stayed in. 
Elisa ignored him because she couldn't control him. After he left the bedroom, Elisa went to the door and pulled the key out of the keyhole. She shut the door of the master bedroom and locked it. 
She did everything quickly. 
She furrowed her brows tightly and returned to the bathroom. She blow-dried her hair before she lay on the bed. 
She didn't know why the current Gareth had become so bizarre. He could even do such things for profit. 
Or perhaps he had never cared about how much profit she could generate. Maybe he was concerned about Will instead. 
Was Gareth worried she would work with Will more? Then, Will wouldn't be Gareth's equal rival. 
Elisa sneered. As it turns out, it's because of this. Gareth is so devious and thorough. As expected, businessmen really have different minds. 
Elisa took a deep breath. She didn't want to think about so much anymore, so she shut her eyes again. It was better to rest well since she had other things to do tomorrow. 
But Elisa didn't sleep well that night, and neither did Gareth. When Elisa woke up in the morning, she found breakfast on the table. Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly. After that, she saw Gareth walk out of the kitchen, and she instantly stood at the spot, startled.
###chapter1151
Chapter 1151
CHAPTER 1151 VANISHED 
She wasn't surprised that Gareth had stayed the night and hadn't left. 
After all, the man had stayed at her place a few times. She… seemed to have gradually gotten used to it. Or perhaps it could be said that she had no other way around the man's presence. 
She was mainly surprised that Gareth had an apron around him. He came out with a sandwich. 
He… made sandwiches? 
Elisa subconsciously looked at the dining table. There was another sandwich on it, along with bacon and eggs. 
Her gaze froze slightly. In an instant, she didn't know what to say. 
Gareth glanced at her indifferently. "Come eat." 
Elisa's eyes flickered. She hesitated but still walked to the dining table and sat down. 
She was almost ready to leave the house and just had to get dressed. She hadn't planned on eating breakfast, nor did she think she could eat the breakfast Gareth personally made when she went downstairs. 
Upon seeing Gareth pass her a set of utensils, Elisa took them from him without saying anything. 
And Gareth didn't plan to say anything either. He sat across from her and started eating with ease. 
It was a simple sandwich. She nibbled at it and never thought it would taste good after trying it. She glanced at Gareth with astonishment. "When did you learn how to cook?" 
Gareth answered indifferently, "I've always known how to cook." 
He didn't say anything else. 
Elisa raised her brows and kept quiet. 
Although they had been married for three years, they barely saw each other. It had also never gotten to the point where Gareth needed to cook. It was understandable for her to be clueless. 
The two ate breakfast silently. Gareth wiped the corners of his mouth and got up. "Let's go. I'll send you." 
Elisa took the plates and utensils to the kitchen. "I'm going to deal with this. Go on. I'm not going to the office today." 
She had other things to do today. 
Gareth glanced at her and said, "Don't be in contact with Will anymore after the jewel project ends." 
Elisa's slightly good impression of him instantly vanished after what he said. 
Her footsteps didn't stop. She couldn't be bothered to pay Gareth any attention as she walked into the
kitchen. 
Gareth looked coldly at the figure in the kitchen and said nothing. He left coldly. 
After Elisa cleaned up, she changed and left. 
This time, she was going further away. She only arrived after driving for three hours. 
Elisa stopped the car and got out. She looked at the imposing building before her, and her eyes were remarkably calm. She walked in slowly. 
It was effortless for her to go in because she had made an appointment. Furthermore, she donated one hundred million to this place as a contribution. 
Soon, the staff led her to the visitor's area. 
That's right. She had come to visit an old friend today. 
It was a relative. She even greeted the old friend. "Aunt Rose." 
When Rose saw that Elisa had walked in, Rose's eyes were filled with endless astonishment. Why did she come? 
Did Elisa come up with a bad idea but can't execute it? Did she come to try it out here? 
Rose thought about it for a long time but couldn't think of what Elisa had in mind. Elisa had already walked forward, and she smiled at Rose with ease. "It's been a while, Aunt Rose." 
Rose's gaze flickered slightly. They must have been monitored, so she naturally didn't dare to reveal anything. She pretended to be surprised and said, "Liz, I never thought you would come and visit me. I'm so happy."
###chapter1152
Chapter 1152
CHAPTER 1152 LIVING FREELY WITHOUT YOU 
Elisa's lips twitched when she saw Rose still being so insincere. 
After not seeing Rose for some time, Rose had lost her previous charm, and she seemed more haggard in her prison outfit. Her previously well-maintained skin was dull and yellow, and she seemed to have more freckles. And from what Elisa could see with her naked eye, Rose had lost weight. 
It was an excellent place to lose weight. Rose couldn't eat or sleep well and was apprehensive every day. She couldn't go online and was living a primitive life. Thankfully, Rose could endure it. Otherwise, she was afraid she would go mad. 
After that, Elisa said, "Of course, I came to see you. And I might come and see you often in the future." 
Rose's expression froze. For a moment, she didn't know what Elisa meant by that. Rose stared at Elisa subconsciously. "You…' 
Rose didn't know what else to say. But since she was older, she had been through a lot. She paused and said, "Girl, this isn't a good place. Don't come and visit me frequently. I'm happy that you have such an intention. We can meet up once I'm released." 
"Released?" Elisa said calmly. After that, she had a faint smile. 
Rose's heart instantly thumped! 
It was as she had expected! 
She knew Elisa's arrival didn't have good intentions! 
What on earth is she doing?! 
Rose stared straight at Elisa but didn't know what to say. It wouldn't be good if she said or exposed too much. 
At that moment, she felt more frantic. 
But Elisa sat across from her and said with ease, "You don't have to worry, Aunt Rose. What I'm saying might not be true. I just haven't seen you in a while, and I miss you, so I couldn't help but come and visit you. I wonder if Uncle Norman has visited since you were imprisoned." 
Rose's nervous feelings seemed to have intensified. Elisa's last few words had a double meaning, giving Rose a horrible feeling. Still, it was different from what Elisa had implied. 
She immediately looked at Elisa and couldn't help but ask, "You… What do you mean by that? Did something happen to him outside, Liz?" 
Rose was now feeling furious! 
Perhaps this wench came to tell me what is happening outside so that it'll torture me on the inside! I don't know what Elisa did to my husband! 
In any case, he's her biological uncle. This stupid wench, Elisa! What did she do now?! Isn't she afraid of retribution?! 
The corners of Elisa's lips curved slightly. She could see with one glance that Rose had always believed Norman and thought he was a qualified husband. Elisa immediately shook her head in exasperation, and disdain was intertwined in her eyes. When Rose saw Elisa like that, she suddenly panicked. Her body tensed, and Rose looked at Elisa. She couldn't help but ask, "Liz, why aren't you saying anything? What… has happened outside?" 
Elisa smiled, but she wasn't in a rush to answer Rose. Instead, she said thoughtfully, "Don't worry. Uncle Norman is living well outside. He's living freely without you by his side." 
Elisa was naturally an exception because she had donated so much money. She could visit Rose for a longer time.
###chapter1153
Chapter 1153
CHAPTER 1153 CAN’T BE DISTRACTED 
"What do you mean by that?" Rose didn't know if Elisa was being truthful or sarcastic. Rose felt tense and didn't dare to look away. She kept staring at Elisa's face, afraid to miss any emotion. 
Elisa smiled. "What do you think?" 
She only said as such and wasn't in a rush to continue. 
Since they had been heartless to her, it was only natural for her to be unkind to them. She couldn't take it if she had to be compassionate and guide them back to the right path. 
Rose's temples suddenly twitched. Her initially bad mood turned worse. 
"Liz, you… Why did you suddenly become like this today? Why are you keeping me in suspense… Did something happen outside?" 
Elisa fixed her hair and seemed to say absentmindedly, "Something has happened, but you don't know about it. It's something Uncle Norman has kept from you half his life." 
Rose was flabbergasted. 
It seemed like… what Elisa was talking about differed from what she thought. 
She's still keeping me in suspense now. Doesn't she know that visiting hours are limited? Rose wanted to curse Elisa and Elisa's family but had no other way. 
She could only look at Elisa and ask tentatively, "What on earth happened, Liz? Don't keep me hanging, alright?" 
The past few days had been a tough time for her in prison. 
But she could only keep count as days passed. It was already torture now. Three years… She didn't know how to endure three years. 
Elisa smiled and was still unhurried. Instead, she spoke steadily. "Aunt Rose, you've been with Uncle Norman for many years. From the outside, you look like a model couple. I wonder if you're really so loving at home. Does Uncle Norman only have eyes for you at home?" 
Rose's expression froze. The next moment, she understood what Elisa was saying, and the panic in her heart calmed. It turned out that Elisa wanted to drive a wedge between them. Does she think this will work? 
Even if Elisa sowed discord between the husband and wife, Rose wouldn't say anything in front of Elisa. She would never squander what they had done previously nor tell Elisa anything unfavorable. 
So Elisa just came to stress me out? She's good! 
At the next moment, Rose smiled and said, "Liz, you've seen my relationship with your Uncle Norman for so many years. Everything is going well regardless if we're outside or at home. After so many years, I'm still pleased with your Uncle Norman." 
Elisa didn't pay the slightest attention to what Rose said. She played absentmindedly with her fair and
slender fingers and didn't look at Rose. She casually said, "Has Uncle Norman come to visit you?" 
Rose's expression froze. 
Under normal circumstances, he could have come to see her if he had wanted to, but… he hadn't come at all. 
Only Linda had visited her two days ago. 
Rose instantly felt that something wasn't quite right… 
Upon seeing Rose pondering and seemingly comforting herself, Elisa's lips twitched, and she continued manipulating Rose. "Aunt Rose, wake up. He doesn't have the time right now to visit you." 
Rose immediately retorted, "Yes, he's busy. He has his career and job, so he naturally can't be distracted."
###chapter1154
Chapter 1154
CHAPTER 1154 CHEATED ON YOU 
Elisa raised her brows. "Really?" 
Rose was dumbfounded. 
The more nonchalant Elisa acted, the more worried Rose grew. She felt like something wasn't right but couldn't put her finger on it. It was because Elisa was behaving like this that Rose grew doubtful. She kept thinking of the worst-case scenarios! 
Her bad feeling was worsening, and she didn't know what to do! 
Rose looked at Elisa in dismay as if waiting for Elisa to continue. 
Elisa smiled. She said softly, "Aunt Rose, I've always thought you were smart. You've been able to scheme silently for so many years, but why have you become so…" 
Elisa suddenly stopped, but her words had been filled with disdain and disbelief. 
Rose's expression turned nasty, and her brows furrowed tightly. At that moment, she didn't want to talk in riddles with Elisa anymore. It was mainly because Elisa's words didn't make her feel as confident as before. She stared at Elisa. "Liz, what are you trying to say?" 
She was really going to lose her temper if she didn't need to put on an act in front of Elisa! 
Can't she just get on with it? Why does she insist on keeping me in suspense?! 
Is it so hard to spit it out?! 
Elisa smiled. "I mean that you've never had your guard up against Uncle Norman for so many years. You really think that he's…" 
Elisa deliberately muttered, "Allow me to think of how to phrase it." 
After that, she seemed to think of something. She smiled and said, "Let's put it this way. You really think he's a perfect husband to you and only schemes against others, right?" 
Rose's expression turned nastier. 
"What on earth do you mean?!" 
Rose feared being kept in suspense while Elisa stepped on her baseline. This only made Rose feel that the matter wasn't as simple as she had imagined. Then, she would think of the worst situation. The dire possibilities were endless. 
Elisa smiled. "I mean, your husband has been unfaithful to you long ago. He's changed since he became rich." 
Rose's expression changed abruptly, but she shook her head at the next moment. She resumed her easy going demeanor and smiled at Elisa. "Liz, why are you joking with me? How can such a thing be possible?" 
Elisa's lips twitched. "I also wish that this is fake, but it's real. And it can't be changed. Aunt Rose, he cheated on you." 
Rose was floored! 
She stared closely at Elisa and didn't say a word. Disbelief was intertwined in her eyes! 
No! 
She didn't believe such a thing had happened at all! 
At the next moment, she shook her head at Elisa. "Liz, there's no need to talk about this. It's getting late, and I'm thankful you visited me. Visiting hours will be ending soon. Why don't you head back earlier?" 
Rose said nothing else because she didn't want to continue talking to Elisa. She tried to get up and leave. 
But… 
Elisa raised her brows and wasn't in a rush to leave. She said indifferently, "He's been with a woman outside for a few years, and they had a daughter together a few years back. He even bought a villa for the mother and daughter. It's under the name of his mistress. This is a part of the assets that I haven't been able to take back until now."
###chapter1155
Chapter 1155
CHAPTER 1155 WHY DON’T YOU TRY AND RECALL? 
Rose was shocked! 
No way. It's impossible! 
At the next moment, she shook her head and seemed displeased. "If you go on, Liz, I'm really going to get angry." 
"I came from far away to visit you and tell you this news. Do you think I'm kidding?" Elisa looked at Rose with a faint smile. 
The more Elisa spoke, the more panicked Rose felt. She immediately looked at Elisa with a frown. 
"Everything needs to have a basis. I won't believe such stories with no proof, Liz." Even though Rose was upset, she also felt alarmed. She wanted to know the truth. But more than that, Rose hoped that Elisa was making up stories without evidence. 
In the past, Rose might have thought Elisa was shooting her mouth off. However, the present Elisa couldn't be compared with the past. Elisa had lost her innocence long ago and was completely different. If she could say such things today, she must have had strong evidence. But Rose didn't dare to believe her. She felt that Elisa had photoshopped evidence. After all, Elisa was an excellent hacker. 
Sure enough, Elisa opened the bag in her hands after Rose spoke. She took a stack of photographs, and Rose's gaze immediately fell on them. She couldn't move her eyes away. 
The corners of Elisa's lips curved slowly. "You can look at these pictures carefully and decide if I photoshopped them. I can give you proof one by one so you can determine if it's true." 
Rose's expression instantly turned awful. Meanwhile, Elisa showed Rose the photos one at a time in front of her. 
In the pictures, two people hugged and kissed each other, and they carried a child. There were pictures of one of them playing with their child alone, along with all sorts of intimate and affectionate photos. The photographs displayed their faces clearly. There was no mistake. 
Rose's heartbeat seemed to have quickened! 
It wasn't because she was fearful. In fact, it beat faster because of Rose's rage and disbelief. Rose gripped the corner of her clothes tightly! 
After a while, she immediately said, "No, this is impossible. There's no way your Uncle Norman can do such a thing. Liz, you're harboring a grudge against us because of the matter with your father, right? You have to know that we're really innocent in that matter. We're even willing to bear such a punishment so your father could have an easier time. It's a way for me to repay his kindness to us for all those years!" Rose lamented. 
She patted her heart and shook her head in exasperation. "Why are you doing this? Liz, I really can't believe you can do such things." 
"You don't have to probe. Everything is real and not photoshopped. Look, there's a date on this. Do you remember any dates in particular? If you do, why don't you try and recall? Like this one." 
When Elisa said it, she picked a photo of Norman embracing his mistress intimately. The two didn't look at the camera, and it was clear from the picture that it had been taken secretly. 
The date on it was apparent. It was the sixteenth of May last year. 
Rose's pupils suddenly shrank!
###chapter1156
Chapter 1156
CHAPTER 1156 HAVE YOU NOTICED SOMETHING? 
Elisa's lips curved slightly. "Did you recall something, Aunt Rose?" 
She hadn't picked the photo at random. 
Of course, it had a crucial significance. 
That day was Norman's birthday. Rose had especially taken leave to make a delicious meal for Norman. 
Rose could remember being busy early in the morning. When they ate breakfast, Rose told Norman, "Dear, it's your birthday today. Come home earlier. I'll make a delightful meal at night." 
Norman's expression was slightly hesitant, but he smiled the next moment. "It's alright. I have other things to do today. Furthermore, it's just a birthday, and it's not important. Today's breakfast is sumptuous enough, so you don't have to trouble yourself at night. I might need to work late, so I might not be able to return. You can eat with Linda." 
Rose had immediately wrinkled her brows but wasn't overly suspicious. "In any case, today is your birthday. Aren't you coming back?" 
Norman sighed. "Ah, I just have too much work to do. I don't have any other way." 
Rose frowned and didn't say anything. But she had been slightly surprised when she saw Norman's clothes. 
He had a checkered shirt on. He usually hated such checkered shirts, so Rose was somewhat doubtful. "Don't you hate these shirts? I bought such clothes for you previously, but you said you didn't like them. Where did this come from?" "I had been in a rush and forgot to bring spare clothes. My clothes were dirty then, so I told my assistant to buy a shirt for me. Although I don't like the style, it's quite comfortable." After that, Norman finished his breakfast in a hurry. He took a napkin and wiped the corners of his mouth before he stood up. "I have a lot of work, so I'll leave." After that, he didn't wait for Rose to answer and left. … Rose's memories stopped abruptly. 
Her pupils couldn't help but shrink. Norman's clothes in the picture were identical to what he had worn that day. 
She could also remember his hairstyle because she had styled it for him specifically. It was the same. 
And this photo… 
Rose's expression grew uglier. She was starting to suspect that the photo was real! 
But! How can it be possible?! 
As she thought about it, Elisa suddenly said, "Did you recall something? Relax, there are other pictures. We can look at them slowly. Take this one, for example." 
When Elisa said it, she suddenly pulled out a photograph. The date on it was Rose's birthday two years ago. 
Norman had worn a black suit, which he would usually wear. 
But… Rose could remember that Norman hadn't been at home either. He had said there were urgent matters at the office and was working hard. At the time, she had felt aggrieved, but she said nothing when he didn't return at night because she didn't want to hold up his work. 
But in the photo, he hugged a girl with a fond gaze. It made Rose's heart shudder. 
Elisa smiled and continued showing Rose photos. 
"This photo was taken during Thanksgiving last year." Elisa kept staring at Rose's face, whose expression kept getting worse. 
"And this one. This." 
Elisa showed Rose the photos one by one, and the smile in the corner of Elisa's mouth was taunting. "Have you noticed something, Aunt Rose?"
###chapter1157
Chapter 1157
CHAPTER 1157 SHOCKING NEWS 
Rose instantly looked at Elisa, confused. Still, she really wanted to know what Elisa was going to say. 
"These pictures I'm showing you have significant dates. Look, Uncle Norman is outside half the time during important dates. He told you he had to work and couldn't be with you and Linda. You might not have suspected anything last time, but think about it now. Don't you think there was something wrong?" 
Rose kept quiet, but she bit her lips tightly. 
"Also, the checkered shirt is a gift from his mistress. From what I remember, Uncle Norman hates such a style. But since his mistress gave it to him, he had to wear it. Don't you think his mistress has a higher status than you?" 
As Elisa said it, the corners of her mouth curved into a sarcastic smile. 
Rose's complexion paled slightly. Her body was tense, and her hand was gripped into a fist on her leg. She was in a terrible state. 
It was evident that Rose believed most of the photos. However, a small part of her didn't know if she should believe it or lie to herself. 
Elisa saw Rose's appearance, and the smile on her face deepened. She paused before saying absentmindedly, "Should I continue?" 
But she didn't intend to wait for Rose to respond. Instead, she took out the photos one at a time. Rose's pupils shrank at once. At the next moment, she said, "Stop! Don't continue!" She covered her ears with one hand, seemingly not wanting to listen. Elisa's lips twitched. "You can't take it anymore? So do you believe me?" "Stop it. Stop talking." Rose hung her head and didn't want to look at Elisa or hear anything. To a woman whose husband had been her everything, it was as though her world had come crashing down when she found out that her husband had been unfaithful. 
Rose gritted her teeth, and her eyes were filled with disbelief. She had loved her husband wholeheartedly for many years and always prioritized her family. Even if she committed a crime, she still particularly cherished Norman. But how could Norman betray her? He even looked for other women! 
How can this be?! 
Elisa's lips twitched. "Do you think Uncle Norman still thinks about you? Do you think he will still make any effort for you and Linda? Oh, by the way, Linda took her own life." 
When Elisa said it, she narrowed her eyes and looked at Rose. 
Rose, still mentally distraught, suddenly raised her head when she heard the shocking news. "What did you say?!" 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. As expected, she doesn't know. 
Everyone was monitored in a place with such tight security. Since Linda wanted to hide it from everyone, she must not have discussed it with Rose because she had no chance to do so. 
"She took her own life," Elisa said calmly. 
Rose's complexion instantly paled! 
Her expression had been haggard, and she could still withstand it. But after hearing about the new information so suddenly, her heart trembled uncontrollably! 
"No! No way! Don't lie to me!" Rose cried hoarsely, but she kept staring at Elisa. 
Elisa's lips twitched, and she played Rose the video before Linda died. 
When Rose saw Linda throw herself off…
###chapter1158
Chapter 1158
CHAPTER 1158 WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT? 
"No!" Rose cried out in pain. Her eyes were filled with disbelief. 
How can this be?! 
Why? Why did my daughter do such a thing?! 
No! 
This isn't real! 
Is it one of Linda's plans?! 
Linda implied that Elisa had pushed her to her limits and didn't say anything else. Can this be a calculated move by Linda and that person? 
She recalled… the mysterious person said she wanted to give Linda a new identity. 
When Rose thought about it, her emotions stabilized, as if she knew what was happening. 
Elisa's eyes narrowed, and she watched Rose's changing emotions. Even if Rose hid it well, Elisa noticed a part of it. 
Without Rose knowing, Elisa quickly determined that Linda hadn't died. No one could tell that this was one of Linda's plans. 
Of course, Elisa hadn't come to prove anything. Even without Rose's reactions, Elisa knew Linda couldn't have died. 
Linda cherished her life so much that she would only choose to make her life better and take revenge on her enemies. How could she have decided to jump off a building? 
Furthermore. 
More importantly, Linda's live stream had been so popular that day. There was clearly a big problem. Why would it have trended if she wasn't trying to make a scene? There was nothing wrong with her holding a live stream, but why were so many people watching? 
Elisa sneered, and it made Rose suddenly come to her senses. Rose immediately pretended to be worried, "What on earth happened, Liz?! Tell me. Tell me now that this is false. This is just her practical joke, right? Or perhaps this isn't her. Someone was just pretending to be her, right?" 
In the end, the tears in Rose's eyes fell like rain. 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She had to admit that she admired Rose for that. Rose's tears could fall at will, and she didn't have to mull over her feelings. 
Her lips twitched. "Really?" 
She didn't say anything else. 
But her voice was noticeably cold. 
Rose's hands were on the ledge before her, and she said hurriedly, "What on earth is going on, Liz?! Tell me. Tell me now!" 
Even if Rose was pretending, her feelings were a mess. She had never imagined so many things had happened outside for the past few days. Her husband had a new flame, and they even had a child together! 
Moreover, her daughter did such a thing quietly. And with her in prison… It was like she was completely blind and clueless! 
Rose stared straight at Elisa with slightly reddened eyes. She wanted to find out what was going on outside through Elisa. 
Elisa smiled and said, "Linda is dead. The police stepped in to verify that this was Linda's body." 
The police! 
Rose's pupils shrank at once! 
How miraculous is that person? How did she find a body similar to Linda's?! 
Elisa's expression looked at ease. She paused momentarily and said, "She might have a new identity in the future." 
Rose was shocked! 
Elisa knows about it! 
She really guessed a part of it! Rose feigned bewilderment and looked at Elisa. "What do you mean by that, Liz?"
###chapter1159
Chapter 1159
CHAPTER 1159 I THINK SHE MUST STILL BE ALIVE 
Rose didn't know what else to say. 
She seemed to be waiting for Elisa to continue. Rose was frantic and didn't dare to restrain her emotions too much. Her feelings were messy, and she couldn't make sense of anything. Most importantly, with Elisa around, she didn't dare to reveal her feelings. Elisa would only be able to find out more. The current Elisa was brilliant, and it was frightening! 
"You don't have to pretend, Aunt Rose. I know many things, including Linda not telling you she faked her death. She must have feared being captured by the security cameras here." 
Rose was thunderstruck! 
This wench! 
She… 
Rose didn't dare to reveal too much. She shook her head in surprise instead. "What's going on? What do you mean that Linda faked her death, Liz? Is she still alive?!" 
In the end, Rose seemed expectant but didn't dare to get her hopes up. In short, Elisa admired how Rose displayed her emotions. 
Elisa's lips twitched. "If Linda was at such a stage, it can only mean things haven't been going according to your wishes. Do you know what's the main cause of everything?" 
Rose was dumbstruck. 
She didn't dare to say anything. She also didn't know what to say. 
Elisa smiled. "You're a murderer. Although you only have a three-year imprisonment, it's a serious crime. According to the law, only your relatives can visit you. Strangers and friends have no such right. I'm afraid Linda can't come and see you within these three years." 
Rose's lashes fluttered slightly but resumed her usual demeanor the next moment. So be it if Linda can't come. Otherwise, more will be revealed. It would be worse if Elisa found out. 
"As for the cause of this problem…" Just as Rose was absorbed in her thoughts, she suddenly heard Elisa speak thoughtfully. She immediately looked at Elisa and waited for Elisa to speak. 
Soon, Elisa said, "It's your husband." 
Rose shook her head in confusion and looked at Elisa sadly. "Liz… What are you saying? What is going on? Is my daughter really still alive? What does this have to do with Norman?" 
"He's incapable and fickle. He can't even protect his wife and daughter. He would rather buy things for his mistress on the outside instead. You and Linda have nothing now, but it's not the same for Norman. His mistress is loyal to him. She's not abandoning him even when she knows he's down and out. Norman had bought her many things and given her a lot of money. If they live like an average person, they have sufficient basic necessities for the rest of their lives." 
Rose was rattled! 
She still couldn't believe it! 
But she had no choice but to believe those pictures just now. Many things could be explained! 
Why? Why did it come to this?! 
Elisa had a faint smile. "As for Linda, she still doesn't know her father has another woman and daughter. Uncle Norman and Linda don't interact much. I saw that Norman… didn't seem too upset at Linda's passing this time. I think she must still be alive." 
Rose was dumbfounded. 
"Because he still hasn't announced the date and time of his daughter's funeral. He's just flirting and bantering with his mistress every day. Don't you think this is funny?" 
Rose's heartbeat seemed to have quickened. It was clear she was enraged!
###chapter1160
Chapter 1160
CHAPTER 1160 HOW WAS YOUR PROGRESS? 
"He has never kept his tracks hidden. Aunt Rose, don't you think that everything will fall through and be exposed by him?" 
Rose's expression changed slightly. She could only feign surprise and disbelief as she shook her head. "Liz, what are you saying? I really don't understand… I don't understand what you're saying…" 
Elisa sneered. "As long as Norman is around, you'll keep losing. He has another family outside, but you must stay here and take the fall for him. Your daughter is now in a wretched state. As a matter of fact, I've already found out her new identity through your husband. Don't you think… I'm amazing?" 
"If this continues, Norman will only become your stumbling block. If you really want to succeed, Norman should receive the legal consequences he deserves, not you… You're suffering here every day, but you don't know how bad things are on the outside." 
Rose's expression paled. 
She didn't know what to say, and the restlessness in her heart seemed to grow. 
Elisa smiled. "I'll come to see you soon. Perhaps I can even bring you great news. I'm guessing Uncle Norman won't have the time to visit you." 
After that, Elisa stood up and prepared to leave. 
"Wait!" Rose's voice was slightly frantic. She looked at Elisa with a complicated expression. 
Elisa stopped, and there was a smile on the corners of her lips. "Do you have something to say, Aunt Rose?" 
Rose stared at her. She didn't want to pretend any longer at that moment. Since she had been exposed, there was no need to act anymore. Furthermore… So what if there were security cameras here? Elisa was obvious about it. Everyone could tell that there was a conflict between them. 
Rose took a deep breath and asked, "What happened to Linda?! What is her new identity?" 
Elisa smiled. "You'll most probably find out about her new identity soon. When the time comes, I will come and revisit you and keep you updated." 
This time, Elisa didn't plan to continue talking to Rose when she was done speaking. She got up and left without looking at Rose. 
She hadn't taken away the photos, and they were still scattered on the ledge. Rose could see it through the glass, and the rage in her eyes grew! 
Norman Benett! 
How can you betray me, Norman Benett? How can you do that?! 
… 
It was already eleven in the morning when Elisa returned to the office. It was time for lunch. 
Her secretary knocked on the door. "Ms. Benett, here's your lunch." 
"Come in." 
Elisa massaged the bridge of her nose. Her secretary walked in on heels, and Elisa said calmly, "After lunch, inform everyone there will be a shareholders' meeting at three sharp." 
The secretary nodded and left after seeing that Elisa had no other instructions. 
Elisa washed her hands and walked to her desk before opening the lunchbox. It was a balanced meal with vegetables, whole grains, protein, and fruits. It wasn't a lot and was just enough for her. 
However, she didn't have much appetite when she saw the delicious meal in front of her. 
The sudden ringing of her cell phone disturbed her thoughts. 
Elisa answered the call after looking at the number. 
"Rach." 
"Babe, how was it today? How was your progress?" Rachel's voice was upbeat, but her concern for Elisa was obvious.
###chapter1161
Chapter 1161
CHAPTER 1161 YOU’RE AMAZING, LIZ! 
"Normal progress, but there's an extra component. Linda's death." Elisa picked up her utensils and started eating her pasta. 
"Oh?" Rachel sneered coldly. "Really? How did Rose react? Didn't she cry and wail?" 
"She was smart and quickly realized it was an act. She also put on a convincing show." 
Rachel snorted icily. "Stupid woman! Quickly think of a way to make her stay there for the rest of her life! It must be nice that she doesn't have to die after killing someone. Turn her sentence into a lifelong one. I think that would be good! Such torture is much worse than death! A miserable life is a true revenge!" 
Elisa smiled. "I will work hard." 
Rachel laughed aloud. "Have you eaten, babe?" 
"I'm eating now." 
"Mm, me too. Let's continue chatting while we eat." After that, Rachel put on her earphones to make eating easier. 
She swallowed her food and continued. "What do you plan to do next? I think that such a method still can't control Rose much." 
"Humans are most afraid of being tortured. I will torment her slowly as I bring her information and photos of the outside world," Elisa said with ease. Her expression was nonchalant. 
Rachel couldn't help but sigh. "I'm most assured when you do things, but these people are vicious and merciless. Ah…" 
"Norman will have to go to jail sooner or later. I won't let him get away. I'll only be relieved when they start fighting with each other." When Elisa spoke, she tucked strands of hair behind her ear and continued eating. 
"Then what about Linda… Have you found any trace of her?" 
"Only a little. It's just my prediction. If my guess is correct, there will be news next week." 
"What the heck. Is this a seamless rebirth? Has she possessed someone right after death?" Rachel couldn't help but say sarcastically. 
Elisa's lips twitched, and she kept quiet. 
"I don't quite understand. Linda is basically useless, and she's incapable. Why does the mysterious person have to make use of her? What does Linda have that is of worth to that person?" 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly. She softly said, "It's because Linda fits the mysterious person's criteria best. Linda has no background, is smart and adequate, and knows she can only survive if she attaches herself to the mysterious person. Most importantly, Linda hates me enough." 
"Hates you enough?" Rachel was slightly surprised for a moment. 
"That person's true goal is to deal with me. She must be somewhere inconvenient, so she can only use someone who hates me enough to join forces with her and listen to her instructions. With how Linda is doing, she might reach a stage where she would rather face a life and death struggle with me than let me live peacefully." 
Rachel gritted her teeth. "D*mn it! They're good!" 
She didn't know what else to say. She had cursed them multiple times and was sick of saying it even if those people couldn't hear it. 
"It's alright. We just have to be on guard and strike back appropriately. I still haven't discovered who's the person behind the scenes, but I think it will be soon." 
Rachel couldn't help but take a breath when she heard Elisa's calm voice from the start until the end. She said admiringly, "You're amazing, Liz!"
###chapter1162
Chapter 1162
CHAPTER 1162 AS EXPECTED, YOU’RE NOT DEAD 
Elisa was momentarily at a loss. "What?" 
Rachel said with admiration, "It's clearly dangerous, but you're emotionless and calm. If it were me, I would have gone mad. Perhaps I would have died of fright early on!" 
Elisa's lips twitched. "Don't worry. It's nothing." 
Rachel shook her head. "Ah… You're impressive and withstand stress well if this is nothing to you… This is a big freaking deal!" 
"Alright, hurry up and eat. I'm also eating. Let's talk next time. Be careful as well. I'm afraid you will be involved." 
"It's alright. I have nothing to worry about. What can those people do even if I'm captured? Don't worry." Rachel said casually and cheerily. 
Elisa's expression gradually turned complicated. In the end, she acknowledged softly, and the two ended the call. 
… 
At Tabor Group. 
At that moment, Nicole had just finished her lunch as well. She didn't plan to rest further because she still had many things to do. She was swamped at the office. 
Her grandfather had given her many tasks to develop her skills. 
It could be said that she was occupied every day. Moreover, Grandpa was going to have a birthday celebration soon. She had asked people to send out the invitation early on. 
She was the one to make arrangements for Grandpa's birthday every year. She was entirely in her element. 
She had just sat before her computer when her cell phone suddenly rang. 
Nicole turned and looked at her cell phone. 
She wrinkled her brows when she realized it was an unknown number. She didn't want to answer, but she did it when she thought of something. 
"Hello." Nicole only said as such. 
The other party laughed. With the voice changer, it sounded like an older man's voice. 
"Hello, Ms. Tabor." 
Nicole immediately furrowed her brows. She could naturally tell that it was a voice changer. "Who are you?" 
"That's not important. What's important is why I came to look for you." 
Nicole stayed silent, but her expression grew cold. She waited for the other party to continue. 
"Ms. Tabor, you can see the current situation clearly. You like Gareth wholeheartedly, but someone else came first. Oh, that's not right. Their relationship has been ambiguous from the start until the end. Don't you want to think of a way to break them up, Ms. Tabor?" 
Nicole's frown deepened. The voice had been changed entirely, and she couldn't recognize it. And Linda, who had looked for her previously. Hadn't she… 
When Nicole thought about it, her expression suddenly darkened. Linda despises Elisa. How can she really have died? 
Nicole paused and said in a low voice, "Who on earth are you?" 
The other party laughed. "Can't you guess who I am?" 
This was an implicit acknowledgment. 
Nicole's gaze froze slightly. "As expected, you're not dead." 
"It's unlucky to talk about death. If you don't progress, Ms. Tabor, you will only stare blankly at the man you love as someone snatches him away. If that happens, won't you feel miserable?" 
Nicole clenched her fists tightly. She was already feeling unhappy! 
And her meetings with Gareth had clearly decreased. 
But what could she do? Gareth had no feelings for her now. Their partnership was also a lot more sluggish than before. He seemed more inclined to work with Benett Corporation now! 
This had made Nicole extremely restless. 
"Why aren't you saying anything, Ms. Tabor? Is it because you have no other way?"
###chapter1163
Chapter 1163
CHAPTER 1163 YOU CAN ONLY DEPEND ON ME 
Nicole restrained her emotions and finally said in a low voice, "What do you want to say by coming to look for me? If you're trying to goad me into action, that's unnecessary, right?" 
The other party chuckled. Perhaps it sounded deep and unpleasant because it was an older man's voice. 
After that, the other party said with ease, "Ms. Tabor, if you don't work hard, you will only lose the man you love deeply. You're excellent and will have a chance if you work hard. Unlike Linda in the past, who was truly helpless." 
Nicole's gaze grew cold. Sure enough. It's really her. 
After that, the other party went on. "Therefore, you can use the same methods after this, Ms. Tabor. Aren't there any good partnerships recently? If so, you can try them out. But I hope you can choose a project that will move Gareth this time rather than something frivolous. If you offer up trivial partnerships every time, it will only diminish his good impression of you." 
Nicole's expression darkened visibly. Does she need to say such things to me? I'm clearly aware! 
Furthermore, how can the projects I have my eye on be ordinary? 
Then again, there was a fantastic project recently that could only be done with the Tabor Group. It had enormous profits. 
Before Nicole could reply, it was as though the other party had read Nicole's mind. The other party smiled and said, "I think you must have thought of something, Ms. Tabor. It would be great if you contacted him earlier. I can only help think of more ideas when you get closer to him." 
"More ideas?" Nicole naturally heard the main point. 
The corner of the other party's lips curved slowly, and she laughed meaningfully. "It can only be implemented after you start working together. I think you should concentrate your current efforts on thinking of how to work with Wickam Group. Otherwise, you will only be left further away by Elisa." 
Nicole wrinkled her brows and said nothing. The other party continued. "Moreover, you're smart, Ms. Tabor. You know that even if I didn't take the initiative to talk to you about this, you would have wanted to work with Gareth anyway. By looking for you, I can give you more ideas for the future, and you can use them if you want to. How will you be at a disadvantage?" 
Nicole didn't say anything. So the other party can only continue implementing future plans after we successfully work together. 
Linda is right. I've always wanted to work with Wickam Group. No matter what Linda's motives are, I want to work with Gareth. Therefore, the plan's first stage won't affect me at all. 
Nicole knew that the other party wouldn't reveal her future plans even if she had talked for such a long time. Nicole could only find out the specifics later on. 
Nicole paused and said indifferently, "Is there anything else?" 
"Not for now. If I need to look for you in the future, I will take the initiative to call you. Don't worry. My
presence will only help you succeed. No one understands Elisa or knows about her habits better than I do. You can only depend on me if you want to defeat your rival in love." 
Nicole's lips twitched, and she didn't know if she should believe the other party. She said nonchalantly, "I have work to deal with. I'm going to end the call."
###chapter1164
Chapter 1164
CHAPTER 1164 NO CHANCE AT ALL 
"Alright. I wish you all the best in advance, Ms. Tabor." The other party's voice seemed relatively carefree and at ease. 
Nicole didn't answer and ended the call. Her expression was darker than before. 
She supported her forehead with one hand and gently massaged her temples with the other, each time harder than before. 
She really had a headache. 
She took a deep breath and took out her cell phone to send Gareth a message. 
She included a proposal that she regarded highly and was satisfied with. 
She wanted Gareth to look at it. If Gareth was willing to work together, it was half the battle. 
She had asked her employees to show her a good proposal for a long time. This was selected from hundreds of submissions. If Gareth wasn't satisfied, she really had no other way… 
After she sent the proposal, she sent another message. 
Nicole: 'Mr. Wickam, look at this proposal. You can contact me if you're interested. We can fix a time, and I can look for you at your office.' 
After that, Nicole put her cell phone down. But in a few minutes, she took out her cell phone and opened their chat. 
As Nicole had expected, he hadn't replied. But she wanted to check in case he did… 
However, Nicole stared at her cell phone for five minutes and watched their chat blankly. She still hadn't received a reply, so she scrolled their chat history subconsciously. It was very formal, and he would always answer concisely. 
It was mostly words of acknowledgment. 
Sometimes, he would bring up problems in their partnership. But even if he sent more than one message, he didn't say much. He never said anything non-work related. 
He wouldn't even send words of good wishes for their partnership. 
Nicole sighed slightly. Even if his messages were like that, she couldn't bear to delete a single text in their chat history. 
At that moment, she wasn't in the mood to work. She would look at her cell phone in a daze occasionally. Half an hour later, her cell phone suddenly vibrated. 
Nicole immediately picked it up and realized it was a message from Gareth. Her eyes lit up, and she immediately opened the text. 
Gareth: 'Tomorrow at three.' 
Nicole's eyes brightened up! 
If Gareth said it, he had high regard for the project! 
Perhaps they would have more chances to interact in the future. 
Nicole felt her heartbeat quicken. She was delighted because it was the first time she and Gareth would work together officially since her company had moved here. The opportunity was hard to come by. 
She took a breath and replied. 
Nicole: 'Alright.' 
Nicole put down her cell phone. She knew Gareth wouldn't reply anymore. If he did, Nicole would jump off a building. She knew his personality well. 
Tomorrow at three… 
If they discussed the proposal, it would take at least two hours. It would be dinnertime after that. I wonder if Gareth is free? Will he accept my invitation if I take the initiative to ask him out for dinner? 
Nicole took a slight breath. I don't care. After discussing the proposal, I will take the first step and invite him for dinner. Gareth didn't spare a single thought for her now. If she didn't make any moves now, she would only be driven further away from Gareth, and then she would have no chance. 
Nicole came to her senses and took a tiny breath before she continued working. Her mood had significantly improved since she was going to meet Gareth.
###chapter1165
Chapter 1165
CHAPTER 1165 UNTHINKABLE 
The next day. 
Elisa went to work as usual but received a call from Old Mr. Wickam. Elisa ignored her company matters and informed James before she rushed over hurriedly. 
When she arrived at Wickam Manor, Old Mr. Wickam looked at Elisa. "You're finally here. Quickly take a look at Grandma!" 
Darren's gaze toward Elisa wasn't as hateful as before. Instead, it seemed like he treated Elisa as a pillar of strength. 
"What's going on?" Elisa's brows furrowed tightly. She had been there yesterday, and Grandma was okay. But why did Grandma suddenly faint out of the blue? 
Darren immediately led Elisa to their bedroom. Only the three of them were at home, and Julia was still in an unconscious state. 
Darren said, "She's in low spirits today. When she was talking to me, she suddenly thought of how I used to pick on you and criticized me unhappily. I didn't dare say anything. Then, as she was speaking, she fainted…" 
Darren avoided Elisa's gaze slightly. Elisa didn't know if he was telling the truth or if he felt embarrassed to say such things before her. 
After all… he had done so many things in the past. He was now begging Elisa, so he might have felt ashamed. But he had never backed down for the sake of his wife. Even if he had to humble himself before Elisa, he would plead with Elisa to help treat his wife. 
Elisa pursed her lips and walked forward, feeling Julia's pulse. 
Julia showed no signs of waking up in the process. Darren stood at the side and stared at Elisa's face while he trembled in fear. Darren didn't dare miss a single emotion and didn't want to hear any white lies from Elisa. He wanted to know the actual situation. 
When Elisa's hand left Julia's wrist, Darren immediately asked, "How is she?!" 
Elisa slowly straightened up and said calmly, "Grandma must have fainted because she was agitated just now. It's not serious." 
Gareth sighed subconsciously and stared straight at her face. He asked tentatively, "Julia's health…" 
Elisa glanced at Julia and said, "Let's talk about it outside." 
Darren instantly came to his senses, and his fear caught up. If Julia woke up while they were speaking and she heard them, they would be done for! 
Darren immediately agreed and looked at Julia. When he saw that she was still showing no signs of waking up, he turned and walked out. 
Elisa followed behind him, and he led her to the study room. After he personally shut the door, he looked at Elisa expectantly. "What's going on?" 
Elisa stared at Darren. "Grandma cannot be agitated at all in her current condition. Grandpa, I hope you will keep her happy while I'm treating Grandma. Please don't let her get upset at all. You have to know that if she gets angry, it will delay the treatment. It would be unthinkable if it causes any other illness." 
Darren's expression changed, and he nodded right away. "Okay, I got it. I won't do it again. Never again!" 
Darren's eyes were filled with regret. Just now… he shouldn't have lost control of his emotions. 
Actually, Elisa could guess what had happened. Even if Darren didn't retort, he must have stayed silent with a straight face. How could Grandma not get angry if she saw that? 
The guilt in her heart increased. Grandma was always troubled because of her…
###chapter1166
Chapter 1166
CHAPTER 1166 IN AN HOUR 
If Elisa felt upset, Darren was genuinely regretful. Even if he didn't admit it just now, he knew in his heart what had happened. At that moment, he cursed himself for being rude when he clearly knew his wife had such an illness. There wasn't anything terrible about Elisa. She was even trying her best for Julia. Why wasn't he willing to admit it in the beginning? 
Perhaps Darren was just prejudiced against Elisa. Darren wanted to slap himself but couldn't do it before Elisa. It would be humiliating. 
Darren sighed silently and restrained his emotions. 
He was preoccupied with blaming himself and didn't notice Elisa's complicated gaze. But after a moment, Elisa said, "This is the first time Grandma fainted. I hope you can keep her happy in the future, Grandpa. Actually, Mr. Jerry and Gareth can manage company matters. Although Grandma keeps bickering with you, you're first in her heart. Do you know that?" 
Elisa deliberately paused. Darren was confused, and his gaze fell on her as if waiting for her to continue. 
Elisa looked down slightly and said softly, "I know you don't like me, and you've always made it obvious. But Grandma always compliments you in front of me. She just says you're slightly stubborn, don't say what you mean, and are strong-minded. She always praises you so that I won't bear grudges against you." 
Darren was slightly startled. He never thought his wife had done such a thing. 
He hung his head a little as though guilty or controlling his complicated emotions. 
Elisa glanced at him and said slowly, "If you can let go of company affairs, it'll be best to take some time and keep Grandma company. Although she doesn't say anything, I feel she's very lonely without anyone by her side. You're the only support in her life. I hope you will stay with her as she conquers the illness rather than continuing to enrage her." 
Darren's gaze flickered, and he nodded in the end. "I understand." 
At that moment, Darren was vastly different from his old self. In the past, how would he have listened to Elisa? No. To be exact, he wouldn't even look at Elisa. Even if he did, it would be a gaze filled with hatred, or he would have even berated her. But now, not only did he do none of that, but he also listened to Elisa. This was astonishing and could utterly reflect how much he cared about Julia. Otherwise, how could he… grovel in front of someone he loathed so much? 
Listening to Elisa was already Old Mr. Wickam's way of groveling. 
Elisa saw Darren unexpectedly agreeing with her but wasn't too surprised. After all, everyone knew Julia was Darren's soft spot. 
She took a breath and said softly, "At least Grandma can rest after she fainted. I've prescribed some medicine, so let the housekeeper give it to her later. Grandma will definitely wake up in an hour." 
"Really?" Darren was unsure yet expectant. 
Elisa nodded and walked to sit on the couch. She wasn't planning to leave yet. She wanted to ensure that Grandma was alright after waking up before she left.
###chapter1167
Chapter 1167
CHAPTER 1167 WHY DON’T I REMEMBER IT AT ALL? 
As Elisa had said, Julia woke up after forty-five minutes. 
Darren's suspended heart was finally relieved. He had been keeping watch beside Julia, and he said, surprised, "Are you awake?" 
Julia was slightly dazed and looked around in confusion. She was more bewildered when she realized she was in her room. "What time is it now?" 
She couldn't quite tell the time. Did I take an afternoon nap? Or is it morning? 
For a moment, she couldn't tell what time it was. 
Darren said, "It's around one in the afternoon. It's still early. If you're still sleepy, you can continue sleeping." 
Julia was flabbergasted. 
One in the afternoon? 
Did I really take a nap? 
But something isn't right. 
Have I eaten lunch? 
Why don't I remember it at all? 
Darren looked at Julia's muddled state and immediately feigned ignorance. He asked, "What's up with your expression? Did you have a dream?" 
Julia looked at him in confusion. "Have we eaten lunch?" 
Darren snorted coldly. "Lunch? You were feeling sleepy as we talked, so you fell asleep. I told the servants to carefully carry you back to the bedroom, and I've been waiting for you. If you're up for it, let's have lunch." 
Julia was dumbfounded. 
She felt more stupefied. "I fell asleep on the couch while I was talking?" 
She recalled that she had been sitting on the couch with Darren. 
"Your blood pressure has been high recently, so you might feel sleepy. Let's eat food with less seasoning for the next few days." 
Julia's brows furrowed, and she felt something wasn't right. But those with high blood pressure did, indeed, feel sleepy often. 
She thought about it and sat up. Darren subconsciously wanted to support her, but Julia remembered being angry with Darren, so she hit his hand. "I don't need you!" 
Darren's expression changed slightly. But he sighed at the next moment. "I know you're angry at me. But I'll listen to you from now on, alright? If Liz is willing to remarry Gareth and he's not opposed to it, I'll stop interfering, okay?" 
Julia instantly looked at Darren in surprise. She couldn't help but ask, "Which direction was the sunrise today?" 
Why is everything different after waking up? Or am I still sleeping? 
Julia suddenly hit her legs and felt slight pain as she thought about it. She was confident that it wasn't a dream. 
Upon seeing Darren's slightly awkward expression, she said incredulously, "What did you say? Can you repeat it?" 
Darren turned away and felt somewhat humiliated. But when he recalled what Elisa had said to him and how his wife had looked when she had suddenly fainted, he took a breath and looked at Julia again. He suppressed the reluctance in his heart and said gently, "I'm convinced." 
Julia's eyes widened. At that moment, she wasn't hungry anymore. Instead, she stared straight at the person before her, afraid to miss any emotion on his face. 
After that, Darren sighed. "I was too stubborn in the past. But I have to make one thing clear. Gareth didn't like Liz then, and I had my eye on the profit, so I was dissatisfied with Liz." 
When he saw Julia's face turn nasty, he immediately added, "Hear me out. Since I said that I'm convinced, I approve of her. It's not a lie, so you must listen to me."
###chapter1168
Chapter 1168
Julia's expression relaxed. She looked at the person before her, and her gaze was slightly doubtful. 
Darren continued, "But after some time, I realized Elisa isn't what I previously thought of her. Moreover, she still treated you well even when I was nasty. She wasn't influenced by me at all and was still respectful. This was what made me change my mind about her." 
Julia blinked and kept quiet. She still felt something wasn't right, but she was genuinely happy that Darren had changed his mind. 
After that, Darren continued in his calm voice. 
"Actually, we got together because we had a good relationship. At first, my family opposed me being with you, but I was willing to break away from them to be with you. I didn't care about what anybody else said. We've been in love all these years, so I know what love feels like. Now, I can see that the brat has feelings for Liz. Since he likes Liz, I naturally can't continue to be in their way. It's great to meet someone you love to spend the rest of your lives together." 
Upon seeing Julia's slightly relaxed yet still skeptical expression, Darren sighed. He sat beside Julia and pulled her hand. He seemed to be sorrowful as he spoke. "Most importantly, I don't want to argue with you anymore. More conflict has come up between us because of Elisa. Right now, I only want to spend our remaining years together. Nothing else is important. Our children and grandchildren have their own lives. I won't interfere in anything, but I won't stand in their way anymore. They can do whatever they want or like. Let's just live our lives." 
Julia might have found what he said at the beginning strange, but she was suddenly moved when she heard what Darren said in the end. 
She knew how much Darren cared about her. Her misgivings vanished after hearing what he had to say. She paused and looked at Darren. "You've really thought it through. You won't obstruct them, go against me, or hate Liz anymore?" 
"I won't. Are you reassured yet?" Darren shook his head in exasperation but made a promise to her solemnly. 
Darren rarely spoke in that tone, but he must have been sincere since he did. Julia's eyes immediately lit up. She couldn't help but hit Darren's shoulders excitedly like a child. "You finally understand, old man!" 
Darren was dumbstruck. 
Julia ignored him and said happily, "We can't lose each other. We have such a great relationship, so how can we let the younger generation be preoccupied with profit? There's no other way for our son at his stage, but our grandchild can't go on the same path. Otherwise, we will seem too selfish as elders if we only do things for profit. It's great if they can be happy! Think about how stubborn you were because of me back then. It's all the more reason not to stand in their way." 
Although Darren was silently unwilling to admit it, he nodded. He answered in agreement, "Yes. What you said makes sense. I won't interfere in the future. Are you relieved yet?" 
Julia nodded with a smile. "Yes, I am." 
She was utterly relieved after he made a promise! 
###chapter1169
Chapter 1169
CHAPTER 1169 WAIT FOR ME. IT’S CRUCIAL 
Because Darren had never been someone to go back on his word. 
She believed his promise entirely! 
Darren saw Julia's happy appearance, and his congested heart seemed relieved. He looked at her in delight. "Let's have lunch?" 
"Alright! My stomach has been rumbling. Let's go. I'm famished." As Julia spoke, she held onto Darren's hand and got out of bed. Darren stared at her nervously, afraid she would fall. The two went to the washroom, washed their hands, and sat at the dining table. 
They looked very loving. 
Furthermore, Old Mrs. Wickam was in a great mood. 
… 
Elisa left after knowing that Julia had awoken. She didn't go out to meet Grandma because they would chat if they saw each other. Elisa had more important things to do now. At that moment, she was already in the car, rushing to Wickam Group. 
She had also called Gareth, and he answered quickly. 
Before he could say anything, she said, "Are you in the office? I'm coming to look for you now." 
"Yes." 
Elisa answered, "Wait for me. It's crucial." 
After that, Elisa ended the call. 
She wouldn't have personally looked for Gareth if it was something ordinary, not caring if he was busy. 
Elisa arrived at Gareth's office at two forty-five. Because everyone knew her, Thomas had instructed the reception and security guards not to stop Elisa nor pay attention to which elevator she used. She quickly arrived at Gareth's office. 
As she was in the lounge, many saw her, and the company employees started discussing it. Elisa and Gareth's current relationship was ambiguous and unclear, so many people couldn't help gossip about them. 
After all, Elisa and Gareth were well-known figures who appeared right before them. Who would be able to stay indifferent? At most, they would just control themselves and not say anything. 
Elisa knocked when she arrived at Gareth's office. "It's me." 
"Come in." His voice was aloof, as usual. Elisa didn't pay much attention and walked into the office. 
She cut to the chase when she saw Gareth sitting before his desk but not working. "I just came from Grandma's." 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly. When Elisa had said it was crucial, he guessed it had something to do with Grandma. 
Elisa said in a low voice, "Grandma suddenly fainted today, so Old Mr. Wickam called me. I rushed over and told him she had fainted because she had been agitated. But in reality, Grandma is deteriorating quickly." 
Gareth's brows wrinkled tightly. "Isn't the medicine alleviating it?" 
"It is. I can only say Grandma is deteriorating slower. Grandma's illness is quite serious. It's gradually developing toward small-cell carcinoma." 
"Small cell." Gareth's expression seemed to turn nasty, and his eyes grew cold. 
Lung cancer was a form of small-cell carcinoma, and it deteriorated quickly. According to the doctor, patients under normal circumstances had a life expectancy of one year if they responded well to treatment. Two years at best. Five years was a miracle. But if they didn't respond well to treatment, they might succumb to the illness within three to six months.
###chapter1170
Chapter 1170
CHAPTER 1170 WOULD FEEL GUILTY 
Or… less than three months. 
Many things were unknown. 
"So what should we do?" 
Elisa wrinkled her brows tightly and walked to sit on the couch. 
Gareth also suddenly got up and walked to sit across from her as if it was easier to look at her. 
Elisa's brows furrowed tightly, but, in the end, she said in a low voice, "Perhaps… the progress has to be sped up. We can give her the second injection tonight, but you decide on the specific excuse." 
Elisa didn't say anything else, but her expression was particularly solemn. 
She could have said all this on the phone, but it was necessary to say it in person. 
As they were talking, Gareth's cell phone suddenly rang. Gareth furrowed his brows tightly and looked at Thomas' message. 
Thomas: 'Mr. Wickam, Ms. Tabor is downstairs.' 
His brows wrinkled slightly, and he replied. 
Gareth: 'Another day.' 
He only typed two words. He didn't say anything else. 
When Thomas saw it, he felt bad… 
Mr. Wickam had said it so bluntly, but Thomas had to think of a tactful way to say it. Otherwise, it would be offensive. 
Actually, it was often times like that. Mr. Wickam gave instructions, then Thomas had to adapt in the middle. 
Thomas sighed and replied. 
Thomas: 'Alright.' 
He kept his cell phone, took a tiny breath, then walked out. 
Thomas held the elevator and saw Nicole as she exited. 
Nicole was quite surprised, but she smiled at Thomas. "Mr. May." 
Thomas smiled and nodded. "Ms. Tabor." 
As he was about to apologize, Nicole asked, "Are you going out to do something?" 
Thomas' expression froze. At the next moment, he could only scratch the tip of his nose awkwardly. He
looked at Nicole and said, "Ms. Tabor, let's have a word at the side." 
Nicole was slightly startled, but Thomas had never been someone who didn't know his limits. He must have had something to say so Nicole didn't overthink it. She nodded and followed Thomas somewhere quiet. 
Nicole's footsteps only stopped when Thomas stood still. 
Nicole stayed silent and waited for Thomas to speak. But she was slightly astonished when she saw his mildly frozen gaze. She looked around. They were in the corridor's corner, and Gareth would never appear in such a spot. Thomas knew why she had come, so… 
"Why did you lead me here?" Nicole asked, perplexed. 
Thomas coughed lightly and said awkwardly, "Ms. Tabor, other people were near the elevator just now. I brought you here to tell you that something urgent happened last minute today, and Mr. Wickam can't meet you for now. He's truly sorry." 
Nicole was startled, and disappointment streaked across her eyes. 
But she knew that if Gareth didn't have urgent matters, he wouldn't have flaked on her after she came. She didn't overthink it and immediately held back her emotions. She smiled at Thomas. "I see. Did Mr. Wickam say when he'll be done? Should I wait for him here?" 
Nicole thought Gareth had gone for a last-minute emergency meeting and would be done within an hour or two. She was okay with waiting for him here. When it ended, and he realized that she had been waiting, he would feel guilty and take her out for a meal.
###chapter1171
Chapter 1171
CHAPTER 1171 CAN I HELP? 
But… 
Nicole was overthinking. It was impossible. 
Thomas shook his head. "I'm sorry. Mr. Wickam can't spare any time today… Why don't you make another appointment with Mr. Wickam?" 
Under normal circumstances, Thomas would do such things, but Nicole had a different identity. Moreover, Gareth and Nicole frequently worked together, communicating among themselves. What had happened today was unforeseen. 
When Thomas discovered Elisa was coming over, he knew Nicole couldn't meet with Mr. Wickam today. 
Nicole was dumbstruck. 
The disappointment in her heart grew. She hesitated momentarily before asking in confusion, "Did something important happen? Can I help?" 
It was a great question from Nicole. 
Firstly, she was an outstanding person. Tabor Group could stir many presences in the country with a single push. 
Secondly, she had asked out of concern. She hadn't been curious about classified business information or anything. The two companies had always been working together and had never fought or schemed against each other. They were purely allies, so it wasn't suspicious. 
It could entirely conceal her curiosity as a woman. 
But… 
She was someone who liked Gareth, after all. Everyone knew about it, including Thomas. He scratched the tip of his nose and smiled. "Mr. Wickam can deal with it. You don't have to worry, Ms. Tabor." 
In other words, he implied that it had nothing to do with her and that she could leave. 
Nicole was feeling slightly restless, but she couldn't say anything. She wasn't angry at Gareth and couldn't lose her temper because she didn't have the right to do so. Furthermore, she had to maintain her public image. 
"I see. I'll set another appointment with Mr. Wickam." Nicole knew when to stop. 
Thomas immediately nodded gratefully. "I'm very sorry about today, Ms. Tabor. Please forgive Mr. Wickam." 
"It's normal. Unexpected situations can happen to anyone. I can just meet Mr. Wickam another day." Nicole seemed very understanding. She paused and smiled at Thomas again. "Since that's the case, I'll be leaving." 
"Alright. I'll send you off." 
"It's alright. I can leave on my own." Nicole didn't stay. "Go ahead with your affairs." 
Thomas smiled. "Goodbye." 
"Goodbye." 
That was all. Thomas didn't send her off. 
Nicole returned to the elevator. When she reached the first floor, she saw two girls pass her. She hadn't been paying much attention, but… her footsteps stopped subconsciously when she suddenly heard what they were talking about. 
"Do you think Mr. Wickam and Elisa will reconcile?" The two girls had their backs facing Nicole. They hadn't seen the elevator arrive, so they didn't notice Nicole's presence. Otherwise, they wouldn't have discussed such a topic before Nicole. 
As soon as one of the girls asked, the other said, "I think so? After all, they have such a close relationship. I even saw Elisa here just now. She seems to have gone to Mr. Wickam's office." 
The first girl was slightly surprised. Her already-big eyes widened. "What? Elisa is here?" 
"Yes. Many have been talking about it. Don't you know about it? Elisa even used Mr. Wickam's personal elevator."
###chapter1172
Chapter 1172
CHAPTER 1172 CALLOUS PEOPLE 
Nicole's complexion instantly paled. 
So the urgent matter Thomas had mentioned was Elisa's arrival? 
Was Elisa's arrival so important? 
Was it really as Thomas had indicated? Was it so urgent that nothing else could be done? Was it really so sudden that Gareth was caught off guard? At the end of the day, it was just Elisa's arrival. 
I clearly set an appointment with Gareth, but he flaked on me because of Elisa? 
Endless disbelief was intertwined within Nicole. She felt this wasn't something Gareth could have done. At the very least, he differentiated between personal and work affairs. He couldn't have done this. 
Even if Elisa is really in his heart, he should go on dates with her when he has no work to tend to. He shouldn't be seeing her at such a time! 
Is Elisa really that important?! 
She couldn't help but take a breath. She could still hear the two girls' voices. 
"Oh my god! Really? Perhaps Elisa has some work affairs if she's here to look for Mr. Wickam right now. I don't think the two are going on a date or anything." 
"Right now, Mr. Wickam is pursuing Elisa. Don't you see how popular Elisa is with men now? Moreover, she was the one to request a divorce back then. Perhaps… Mr. Wickam wants to get Elisa back." 
"Ah… I really envy Elisa. She's outstanding, and many excellent men revolve around her." 
"This is only natural, isn't it? When someone is so accomplished, many exceptional people will appear around them. Just like Ms. Tabor from Tabor Group. She has many distinguished people around her." 
"But… it seems like Ms. Tabor only likes Mr. Wickam." 
"Then… it depends if they're destined for each other. For now, all of Mr. Wickam's efforts are concentrated on Elisa. No one knows what will happen in the future." 
The two girls kept chatting while Nicole's expression turned nastier. She almost couldn't control herself. 
Many people were on the first floor, and the two girls weren't talking loudly, but Nicole heard everything because she was close. 
Other people could only see Nicole's terrible expression but didn't know why. 
Some people couldn't help but make guesses. 
In the end, they concluded that Ms. Tabor had come to look for Mr. Wickam but was turned away because Elisa was in Mr. Wickam's office. 
Some had already posted it online. 
'In the first match of Elisa versus Nicole, Elisa has a complete victory!' 
When Nicole went downstairs, she drove back to her office. She had been forcefully restraining her feelings but could no longer control herself alone in her office. She took a breath and slammed her hands on the desk viciously. Her fair and supple hands turned red after a moment. 
But she couldn't be bothered. Instead, she was almost taken over by rage. 
Nicole took out her cell phone and went on Twitter. So many things had happened today, and Wickam Group employees probably saw Nicole and Elisa's arrival. Nicole had just left, so many people must have been discussing it. She wanted to see if anyone was callous enough to post it online! 
However… 
It would have been better if she didn't search for it. When she did… 
Everyone on Twitter was…
###chapter1173
Chapter 1173
CHAPTER 1173 COMPLETE VICTORY! 
Sympathizing with her and berating her. 
There really were insensitive people! 
xx: 'Nicole is really dumb. They've been working together for so many years. Can't she tell Gareth has no feelings for her? Otherwise, they would have gotten together long ago.' 
xxx: 'Gareth is exceptional, and many people like him. Nicole has interacted with Gareth many times, and it's only natural for her to be attracted to him, right? I pity Nicole. She's liked him for so long but can't have him. Gareth has never looked her way.' 
xxx: 'I think so too… I feel quite sorry for Nic. She's clearly outstanding. Why doesn't Gareth even look at her? They're well-matched! Moreover, this is Gareth's second marriage and Nic's first! Can't he be grateful for that? Is Elisa so amazing? Elisa has so many men after her. She's not devoted at all!' 
xx: 'Are you kidding? Nicole is the other woman, alright? While he and Elisa were married, she kept interacting with Gareth and never concealed her interest in Gareth. Why is she so shameless? Perhaps she has been a manipulative wench behind the scenes for a long time!' 
xx: 'Manipulative wench? What do you mean by that? Don't slander Nic! Nic is so excellent. How can she be a manipulative person?' 
xx: 'I made it clear just now. She knew Gareth was married but didn't conceal her liking for him and continued interacting with him often. I strongly suspect she drove a wedge between the couple when
she met him! She must have been devious but kept her hands clean!' 
xxx: 'Nonsense! Nic is an honest person, alright? Is it wrong to like someone? Gareth is so exceptional. Nic knew he was married, but it didn't stop her from liking him. Under such a circumstance, Nic couldn't resist and was willing to admit her feelings. This is hard to come by, okay?' 
xx: 'Oh my god. Haha… I understand. You actually hate Nicole, don't you? Otherwise, why would you deliberately praise her in a way that harms her? You're hilarious! I admire you!' 
Nicole couldn't continue reading tweets. She put her cell phone down in frustration. She had always been calm but couldn't entirely control herself this time. 
But after a moment, she contacted her assistant. As soon as her assistant answered, Nicole spoke before her assistant could say anything. "Make the tweets go away immediately!" 
Nicole had ended the call before her assistant could answer. Her assistant opened Twitter in a daze, and her expression immediately changed when she saw the trending topics. She couldn't be bothered to read them. She dealt with them at once. 
Elisa and Gareth were discussing in detail how to deceive Julia, so they were clueless that something so heated had happened online. 
Elisa's cell phone suddenly rang. 
She hesitated when she saw Rachel's number. She glanced at Gareth and said softly, "I'm going to answer this." 
After that, she didn't move and answered the call before Gareth. 
Rachel's slightly frenzied voice rang. "Babe, you're amazing! You have the complete victory against Nicole!"
###chapter1174
Chapter 1174
CHAPTER 1174 HAVEN’T YOU SEEN TWITTER, BABE? 
Gareth suddenly raised his eyes, and his gaze fell on Elisa. 
Elisa was abruptly startled by Rachel's words. She paused and said, "What?" 
"Haven't you seen Twitter, babe?" 
Suspicion flickered across Elisa's gaze, and she had a confused expression. 
On the other hand, Gareth's gaze dulled slightly. He evidently knew what was going on. He took out his cell phone, and his well-defined fingers opened Twitter. 
Elisa didn't answer Rachel. She opened Twitter as well. 
"Has it been removed?" Elisa said subconsciously when she saw nothing. 
Rachel was slightly surprised. "Huh? So fast?" 
As she was speaking, she also opened Twitter. She refreshed her Twitter timeline and realized that everything was gone. 
Rachel couldn't help but say scornfully, "D*mn, that was fast. Everything is gone!" 
Elisa's brows furrowed slightly. "What happened?" 
"It was about you and Nicole." 
After that, Rachel described to Elisa everything that had happened on Twitter, and Elisa's brows furrowed tightly. 
She glanced at Gareth and spoke softly to Rachel on the other end. 
"I understand. I have something to do now, so let's talk later." 
Elisa's voice was soft. Rachel still had other things to say but didn't want to disturb Elisa. She told Elisa to go ahead and ended the call. 
"I'm sorry, I didn't know you had an appointment with Nicole." 
Gareth's expression was serene. He said indifferently, "It's fine." 
Elisa's gaze flickered. Although profit was valuable to Gareth, he had his priorities straight. 
But she had said what she needed to, so Elisa continued. "Grandma just got an injection last night. If it's inconvenient for you, I can think of a way. I'll leave now. You can continue discussing work with Nicole." 
Elisa had no relationship with Nicole. She could see Nicole's enmity toward her with one glance, and she wasn't interested in getting into any dispute with Nicole. 
Gareth saw Elisa stand up, and he wrinkled his brows. "No need. Come with me to Wickam Manor now." 
Elisa frowned slightly. "Grandma will only be suspicious if we go now." 
It was the middle of the workday. If Gareth and Elisa went to Wickam Manor together now, Grandma would feel wary because they were supposed to be working. 
It was easier to explain why Old Mr. Wickam was acting unusually. Grandma would believe his excuse, but it was different with Gareth. 
Gareth's gaze froze slightly. "Let's go." 
Elisa was confused, but she ultimately didn't say anything when she saw that Gareth had a plan. She walked out with him. 
The two left the office together, and many eyes watched them. They wanted something else to talk about because the trending topics on Twitter had suddenly disappeared. When they saw Gareth and Elisa leave together, many felt endless joy. They had something else to discuss! 
Twitter was once again ignited! 
Soon, the figures of Elisa and Gareth trended again! 
Many tweets were commenting on them. When Rachel saw it, she was dumbstruck. 
She thought something had happened to Elisa. But Elisa was just with the jerk! 
However, Rachel didn't know that the two had arrived at the entrance of a restaurant.
###chapter1175
Chapter 1175
CHAPTER 1175 GARETH’S FRUSTRATION 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "What are you doing?" 
"Come and have some food first." 
Elisa was confused while Gareth explained, "It's not a good time to return yet. Let's eat first." 
Elisa was hungry because she didn't have lunch, so she accepted Gareth's suggestion. 
She did not repel Gareth as much as before anymore. In the past, she avoided him when they divorced because he abhorred her, and she was disappointed in him. Their relationship had been complicated for a long time. But as time passed, Elisa had let it go. She didn't care if Gareth genuinely hated her and wasn't upset despite being ignored by him. 
She wasn't disturbed even if Gareth had connections with other women. After all, they had divorced. Gareth was a single man, so he had his freedom. When Elisa discovered Gareth was dating Nicole, it did not stir up any emotions in her. 
So, Elisa could get along with Gareth just like other ordinary people because she had put the past behind her. As long as Gareth did not deliberately mess with her or threaten her, she was willing to cooperate. 
She did not mind having a meal with Gareth because the original plan was to head to Wickam Manor together at night. So, it was unnecessary to stay apart for half an hour now. It would be a waste of time if Elisa went home first. She would rather eat with Gareth and follow him to the manor to be time-
efficient. She wasn't even worried if someone spotted them hanging out together, making their meetup a trending topic on social media. In fact, Julia might be excited to see such news because she had been hoping for them to make up. It could brighten Julia's mood. 
Elisa remained silent throughout the meal and ate comfortably. She did not behave awkwardly due to Gareth's presence. She emanated a pleasant aura with her graceful and natural demeanor. 
Gareth was stunned as he had never perceived Elisa in such a way before. 
Nonetheless, they had never eaten with just the two of them ever since they were married. 
Gareth recalled they had had meals together before they got married and before the misunderstandings occurred. At that time, Elisa was always cheerful and talkative. 
But now, she was not bothered about Gareth and only focused on the food in front of her. She didn't seem to be interested in Gareth at all. 
Gareth's eyes darkened. Not only did Elisa not spare a glance at him, but she was fearless of his mood swings. Being given the cold shoulder, Gareth subconsciously felt frustrated. 
After finishing her food, Elisa put down her cutleries. Gareth had barely eaten and put down his cutleries too. 
Finally, Elisa looked at him and asked, "Are you done?" 
Only then did she realize Gareth had not touched his food.
Gareth remained silent with a darkened face, but Elisa wasn't bothered by him. She retracted her gaze and took out her phone to check the time. Realizing there was still a while before it was time to knock off, she spoke up.
###chapter1176
Chapter 1176
CHAPTER 1176 A SENSE OF EXISTENCE 
"Grandma is active on social media. Our appearance at such a public place will surely be spotted by others and posted on the Internet. Since we've already gotten off work, why don't we head over now?" 
Gareth did not respond but stood up. He had no intention of talking or paying attention to Elisa. 
Elisa was not bothered because she was used to Gareth's cold attitude. She never had a sense of existence around Gareth. She was depressed in the past, but now she couldn't care less and was at ease to be ignored by Gareth. 
She stood up and walked out of the restaurant with Gareth. 
Gareth gave Jeremy a call, who was headed to Wickam Manor too. 
After getting into the car, Elisa fastened her seat belt. Gareth didn't say a word throughout the journey. 
Elisa was bored, so she took out her phone and scrolled through Twitter. 
She couldn't search for any news about Nicole, but the pictures of her and Gareth walking out of Wickam Group were posted on the Internet. There were also pictures of them eating together in the restaurant. 
There was a multitude of comments under the post. Some suggested they were a perfect match; some opined they should stay away from each other since they were divorced; some remarked their private affair shouldn't influence the collaboration between their companies. 
There were also people who felt sorry for Nicole because Elisa appeared as a love rival. 
Elisa smirked as she deemed the comments as jokes. If she took them to heart, she might genuinely think Gareth and her were a perfect match. Or, she would be upset at the nasty comments. 
She did not expect her news to often become trending topics ever since the divorce, and she was astonished by the impact. Nevertheless, she didn't deliberately hide the haters' comments because it could cause the situation to spiral. Although hiding the comments could be a quick solution, the netizens who were active on Twitter would notice her action. If she attempted to explain, it would only make matters worse. 
Nicole's incident was the best example. Because she deliberately suppressed certain reports, the netizens created various sarcastic memes to criticize her. 
Elisa kept away her phone after scrolling through Twitter. It seemed like she had involuntarily made enemies. In the past, Nicole didn't like her but would not mess with her. Moving forward, Elisa was worried that some people with evil intentions would instigate Nicole to come after her. 
If Nicole became her enemy, she would be a powerful one. In fact, Elisa was not intimidated by her, but she just wanted to avoid trouble if possible. 
Gareth focused on the road and did not intend to talk to Elisa. He had no idea what was on Elisa's mind. Soon, they arrived at the manor. 
Julia was surprised upon seeing their arrival. "Hey, you're finally here. Why don't you have dinner at home?" 
Elisa's eyes flickered. Sure enough, Julia had seen the pictures of them eating together on Twitter. 
Gareth answered calmly, "It wouldn't be a date if we ate at home." 
Elisa was tongue-tied. She knew Gareth said it to coax Julia, so she did not retort to him. The most important agenda now was to make Julia happy.
###chapter1177
Chapter 1177
CHAPTER 1177 A DATE 
Startled, Julia gasped in disbelief, "What? My dear boy, what did you just say? Can you repeat it?" 
Elisa knew Julia had heard it clearly, but she wanted to confirm it because she found it unbelievable. 
Gareth did not answer but went to sit down on the couch. 
Julia averted her gaze to Elisa and asked, "What's going on, Elisa? What did that rascal just say? What were you guys doing just now?" 
Elisa's eyes flickered as she was at a loss for words. As much as she would like to tell a white lie for Julia's sake, she couldn't bring herself to say it because she repelled the idea of being entangled with Gareth. She did not even want to be involved in a fake relationship with him. 
Gareth's eyes turned cold when he perceived Elisa's thought. He was displeased at her repulsion. 
Julia was determined to obtain a confirmation. Despite hearing it from Gareth, she did not trust it immediately. She knew Elisa was shy to answer, so she went to sit down beside Gareth and stared fixedly at him. "What did you just say? Did you guys go on a date?" 
Gareth turned to her. "Why do you have to ask again since you've heard it clearly?" 
"Mind your attitude, you rascal! There's never a day I stop worrying about your matters. I need a firm answer!" 
Gareth darted a glance at Elisa, who sat down across from them and remained indifferent. "Yeah, we went on a date." He hummed. 
Elisa's eyelashes fluttered. She pressed her lips and remained silent. 
In the past, she had yearned for Gareth to tell others they were dating. She would be over the moon even if he had just made an acknowledgment to her. 
However, the acknowledgment happened in such an unsuitable situation after they had lost feelings for each other. To be precise, she was the one who had lost feelings. Elisa reckoned they were not destined to be together. 
She lowered her head, trying to avoid Julia's excited gaze because she felt guilty for acquiescing to the white lie. 
However, Julia's eyes glistened when she saw Elisa's response, as she thought Elisa was shy. 
"That's awesome! Why did you bring Elisa back then? I don't want to be the third wheel. Go and bring Elisa somewhere else, or watch a movie. You have to do something romantic for a date. Don't stay around me." Julia was so excited that she babbled away. 
Elisa did not know how to respond to Julia's enthusiasm, while Gareth answered, "We do plan to watch a movie later, but the time is still early, so we came to visit you first. Also…" 
Gareth deliberately paused for a while and sounded mysterious. Julia eagerly anticipated him to finish the sentence and was upset when he stopped out of the blue. "Hey you, how dare you be mysterious with me!"
###chapter1178
Chapter 1178
CHAPTER 1178 THE PRICE OF A DATE 
If Gareth weren't her grandson, she would have beaten him up. 
Although she had heard Gareth's statement, she was eager for him to repeat it as an affirmation. After all, the couple had gone through a rough patch. 
Receiving no response from Gareth, Julia asked, "Also, are you guys keeping anything else from me? But I'm glad enough you guys are dating. Go ahead and do whatever you want!" 
Julia looked delighted but didn't stop worrying as something seemed off. She had been pondering upon their matter recently, so she couldn't stop sizing them up. 
However, Gareth did not give the answer that Julia was anticipating. He looked at her and continued, "We also came here today for another matter." 
Julia frowned. "I don't care about that. I just want to know if you guys went on a date just now." 
To Julia, a couple would only go on a date after they had confirmed their status. 
Elisa's eyes flickered, but she remained quiet. 
Gareth arched his brows and hummed in response. "Mm-hmm." 
Julia's eyes lit up. She was overjoyed with Gareth's response because he willingly admitted he and
Elisa were dating. 
Julia looked at Elisa excitedly. Seeing the latter with her head lowered, she was more certain that Elisa was shy. 
That's awesome! They finally got back together! 
Words couldn't describe Julia's joy at that moment. 
"I'm so glad you guys got back together! So, what's the other matter you mentioned?" 
Julia thought Gareth and Elisa were shy to talk about their relationships, so she stopped probing. She was thankful enough to know their current state. 
Gareth answered, "Jeremy told me he's coming to give you another injection." 
Julia's smile stiffened. "Another injection?" 
She disrelished receiving injections. Even her previous excitement subsided slightly. 
Gareth explained, "Your body lacks multiple nutrients. If you don't receive the injection now, there'll be countless injections moving forward." 
Julia was flabbergasted. Elisa uttered with a smile, "Grandma, let's be cooperative so you can avoid the injections in the future." 
Only then did Julia realize the late-night movie date was just an excuse to make her receive the
injection. She knew that given Gareth's ability, a movie could be arranged for him on his demand. 
At that thought, Julia did not want to waste the couple's dating time, so she said readily, "No problem, I'll get the injection. You don't need to stay here with me. Go ahead and catch the movie. I'll wait for Jeremy to come." 
Julia didn't intend to bluff them. She just didn't want to disturb their precious dating opportunity.
###chapter1179
Chapter 1179
CHAPTER 1179 LET’S DO THIS. I’M READY! 
Gareth crossed his legs and uttered indifferently, "It hasn't reached the time I scheduled with the cinema." 
Elisa chimed in, "Yeah, we're not in a hurry, Grandma. We can wait until Jeremy comes." 
She had given Jereny the instructions, and Jeremy knew what to do. 
As soon as Elisa said that, someone rang the doorbell. "It must be Jeremy," Elisa said. 
She turned around to see the butler open the door. Sure enough, it was Jeremy. Holding a medical kit, he walked into the living room with a smile. "Hi, Old Madam Wickam. Good to see you again." 
Julia mumbled, "Oh, I wish we don't always have to meet for such occasions." 
Jeremy let out a cough. "It's just a coincidence." 
Julia shook her head in resignation and swiftly rolled up her sleeve. "Let's do this. I'm ready!" 
Jeremy was surprised at Julia's response and gazed at Elisa and Gareth in surprise, wondering what tricks they had used to make Julia this cooperative. In the past, Julia was repulsive toward receiving injections, although she would eventually give in. However, she took the initiative today. 
What exactly did Gareth and Elisa do? Little did Jeremy know that the two had the same plan this time. 
They used their date as an excuse to coax Julia into receiving the injection. Julia couldn't wait to receive the injection so the couple could quickly go on their date. 
She was willing to sacrifice for their sake. 
Jeremy smiled. "Since you're ready, let's begin now." 
He walked up to Julia and could sense her body tensing up without having to observe closely. He said gently, "Old Madam Wickam, you've received numerous injections over the years. They are not as painful as you think." 
Julia heaved a sigh. "I know it's actually not that painful, but I'm afraid whenever I see the needle. It gives me a dizzy spell, and my muscles will tense up. It has been a phobia for all my life. I guess it won't go away." 
Jeremy smiled and said nothing. He had finished preparing the dosage and was about to give Julia the injection. 
Julia turned her head away in fear. Her muscles were tense, and she did not dare to look at Jeremy. 
Elisa walked to her side to hold her hand and say, "Don't worry, Grandma. You'll be fine." 
"I know…" Despite saying that, Julia shut her eyes tight. Elisa could see Julia's eyelashes trembling uncontrollably. She was squeezing her eyes so forcefully that the wrinkles at the edge of her eyes became more apparent, and her body was stiff. 
Sitting aside, Gareth pressed his lips and remained quiet. 
Jeremy swiftly inserted the needle into Julia's skin. Julia instinctively gasped but suppressed her fear and remained still. Jeremy removed the needle a few seconds later and said, "We're done." 
Only then did Julia slowly open her eyes. Her muscles relaxed too. 
Elisa continued holding Julia's hand and said nothing. Julia sighed. "It's finally over. How many more injections do I have to endure in the future?"
###chapter1180
Chapter 1180
CHAPTER 1180 TURN OVER A NEW LEAF 
Julia lifted her head to look at Jeremy, awaiting an answer to prepare herself mentally. 
Jeremy was startled. He did not know the answer as he followed Elisa's instructions. 
However, he could not reveal it to Julia then, so he said, "It depends on your health condition. If you have sufficient nutrients in the body, there's no need to receive more injections. Otherwise, I can't promise." 
Julia sighed in desperation, perceiving Jeremy's meaning. "I guess there are more to come." 
Jeremy acquiesced to the remark. 
Elisa uttered, "Grandma, take care of yourself and maintain a bright mood. Don't get angry easily. Otherwise, you might need to receive more injections." 
"I have to receive injections for getting angry too?" Julia was terrified. 
Jeremy understood Elisa's intention, so he nodded in agreement when Julia looked at him. 
"Elisa's right. Anger can cause significant harm to one's health. So, it's important to maintain your emotional health too." 
Julia was distressed. "I wish to keep a good mood all the time, but sometimes the old man irritates me." 
Darren often made Julia's blood boil due to Elisa's matter. At that thought, Julia couldn't help being frustrated again. She inhaled deeply to control her emotions to avoid being given injections again. 
Elisa smiled. "Grandpa called me the other day and said he has figured it out." 
Julia was surprised. "What? I can't believe he called you." 
Elisa nodded with a grin. "Yeah. Grandpa has gotten his head on straight. He disliked me in the past, but now, he understands he shouldn't hold prejudice against me. He even apologized and asked for my forgiveness. Grandma, Grandpa has tried his best." 
Julia was filled with disbelief. "Are you bluffing me? How is that possible?" 
Julia couldn't believe her ears, but because it was Elisa who said it, she hesitated. 
She wouldn't believe it if anyone else told her so, including Gareth. 
Elisa answered, "It's true. Why would I bluff you on this matter?" 
Julia blinked her eyes in shock, thinking it was a joke. She shook her head and said, "You don't have to tell me this to make me happy. I know how stubborn he is. I'm thankful enough if he'll shut up and not bicker with me. How would he possibly apologize to you?" 
Suddenly, Julia recalled the conversation with Darren yesterday. At once, she was confused. Did the old man turn over a new leaf? For real? I just can't believe it! 
"It's real, Grandma." In fact, Elisa was not telling a lie. Darren had indeed talked to her. He hoped she
would reveal this matter to Julia to make her happy. 
Elisa paused briefly before continuing, "If you don't believe it, you can ask Grandpa." 
Startled, Julia was at a loss for words. A few seconds later, she muttered, "Alright, I'll ask him tonight when he's back." 
Then, she stared at Elisa.
###chapter1181
Chapter 1181
CHAPTER 1181 YOU’RE LUCKY I HAD MY EYES ON YOU 
"You've done enough! Nothing left to worry about here. Both of you can go on and watch your movie. There's no need for you to wait here with me. Also, Jeremy, you can go ahead and do your work or rest at home. All of you can leave now." Julia was exceptionally excited when she said this. 
Jeremy's eyes lit up. Watch a movie? 
What happened when he wasn't around? 
Elisa didn't say anything. 
Whereas Gareth calmly replied, "Alright, no rush." 
"What do you mean no rush? You can always bring it forward. Hurry up and leave!" 
Elisa was rendered speechless again. 
Jeremy rubbed his nose. So Grandma is making me leave so I wouldn't interrupt their special time together? 
Gareth felt a bit helpless. Julia immediately said, "Leave, all of you! Your Grandpa is coming over soon. I have lots to talk about with him! Don't stay here and become our third wheel." 
Jeremy couldn't hold back his smile as he said, "Okay, I'll leave now. I won't bother Grandma and Grandpa's precious time together." 
Julia playfully scolded him. "You little brat! You're good at reading the room!" 
Jeremy grinned and didn't say anything. 
Julia's gaze fell on Gareth and Elisa. "Hurry up! Don't just stand there. Take Elisa to the movies." 
Gareth didn't say a word. 
He knew they couldn't stay here longer as Grandma would urge them to leave. 
As for Elisa, she felt embarrassed at this moment as she wasn't used to Grandma staring at them with such adoration. 
Knowing Grandma's personality and not wanting her to misunderstand them further, she stood up. "If that's the case, then we'll leave now." 
"Hurry up!" Julia said while chuckling. 
Elisa glanced at Gareth without saying a word and left. 
Gareth also didn't say anything as he left with a slightly gloomy expression. 
Jeremy followed along soon after. 
Julia didn't follow them out this time to not bother them. 
Jeremy couldn't hold his smile when they stepped outside and asked, "What were you two talking about just now?" 
They allowed Grandma to have such a misunderstanding and even said that the two were going for a movie. 
Elisa's eyes quivered, and she didn't say a word. She turned around and saw Grandma standing by the curtains, where she occasionally pulled them away to stare in their direction. Elisa immediately got into Gareth's car and sat in the passenger seat. 
Gareth coldly glanced at Jeremy. "It's just an act." 
He then walked towards the driver's seat. 
Jeremy bit his lips. What kind of an act is this? He could've perceived it as his reality. For this matter, Gareth himself might not be sure. 
In the end, Jeremy shifted his attention and went back to his car. 
He had one hand on the steering wheel and the other on the gearshift. But his handphone suddenly rang as soon as he was about to leave. 
His expression turned somber when he saw the unsaved number on his handphone screen. 
Shortly after, he picked it up. 
He didn't speak, but the noise from the surroundings of the caller could be heard immediately. 
"F*cking b*tch! Do you want to die? How dare you throw a fit at my place? You're lucky I had my eyes on you. You don't know how to cater to me, yet you have the nerve to disobey me! What a shameless woman!" 
"There's no point trying to talk sense into her. Let her be punished, and we'll see how she rebels! She's just a worthless b*tch! Don't tell me we can't fix her!"
###chapter1182
Chapter 1182
CHAPTER 1182 LOATHFUL 
"I beg you to let go of me! Please..." The lady's voice was clearer than the other two voices. 
"Beg? Do you think begging us will help?" As he said this, the man suddenly let out a scornful laugh. "If you want to beg, you can try begging in other ways. Who knows? We might be gentler." 
The man laughed scornfully again. The conversation heard from the other end of the call was loathful. 
Jeremy's eyes turned even colder as he said in a deep voice, "Turn on your speaker." 
The lady was frightened. Her only chance of survival depended on Jeremy. Now that she was at her wit's end, she could only follow Jeremy's request. 
She hurriedly turned on the speaker. "It's on." 
She could only weakly utter two words and didn't say anything after. 
As the two men approached her, she felt a surge of panic and lifted her handphone. She shouted frantically, "The man on the phone has something to say to both of you!" 
The two men's expressions became serious, "B*tch, how dare you call someone!" 
One rushed over, intending to snatch her handphone away from her. 
The lady's tears started streaming down in fear, and her face turned pale as she feared the speaker didn't work. 
It wasn't that she didn't trust Jeremy. Instead, she feared knowing he couldn't directly pressure them since he wasn't there in person. 
Or there could be a possibility that these two men were mere thugs that didn't know the power Jeremy holds. This thought made the lady panic in fear. 
The lady started to back away with her handphone as she shouted to the man approaching her, "Don't come over..." 
"Don't go over? I'm onto you today. We'll see how you'll find your savior." The man's voice was filled with contempt. 
These two men had a decent background from Bayswe. Whenever they targeted someone, they made sure to check their target's background for any powerful connections. 
As for this lady, they had observed her for a few days and knew from the start that she was an only child from an ordinary family background without any status or money power. It was a piece of cake to handle her. 
They had been following her for two days, and to their surprise, she entered such a remote area to do something. They were impatient and decided to make a move on her nearby this area. Eventually, she was chased into this empty warehouse. 
She became stranded inside, so it was easy to catch hold of her. 
Moreover, they were not afraid that this lady would call the police as they threatened her a while ago. If she called the police, her parents would be in danger. She couldn't dare take the risk. 
But Jeremy's cold and intimidating voice was already heard before the thugs could do anything. "Carl Lowen, have you been too bored?" 
The atmosphere in the empty warehouse had immediately turned cold. The words sounded aloof, and yet they held such power. After Carl heard those words, his facial expression changed. Why is this voice so familiar? 
"Who are you?" 
At this moment, Carl was no longer hasty in punishing the lady. Fear trickled down his spine when he realized how familiar this voice sounded. He had heard this voice before, and the person even called out his name. How could it not make him panic? 
The other thug's facial expression changed as this voice also sounded familiar to him. He could even guess who it was. He hurriedly walked to the front and held onto the hem of Carl's clothing as he whispered, "This voice could be..."
###chapter1183
Chapter 1183
CHAPTER 1183 THEY HAD ANGERED THE BIG BOSS 
Carl was in a state of shock. The person beside him didn't say anything, which made Carl panic even more. He immediately looked at the guy and frantically said, "Who? Who is he?" 
The lady's face was still pale, but she felt slightly relieved when she realized the two men panicked. 
She held her handphone tightly, fearing the call would be disconnected if she dropped the handphone. What could she do if these two men started acting as they desired again? 
Only God knows how nervous she felt at that moment. 
The thug beside Carl breathed deeply and spoke as his voice edged with fear, "It sounds like Mr. Chase." 
"Mr. Chase!" Carl blurted out those words very loudly in panic. 
The lady was thrilled to find out that they knew Jeremy. 
As expected, Jeremy was helpful! 
Carl breathed deeply to regain his composure. He asked the person on the other end of the call probingly, "Are you... Mr. Chase?" 
Jeremy didn't reply immediately. Instead, he snickered. "I remember warning you the last time, and it's merely been ten days. Have you forgotten already?" 
The color drained from Carl's face instantly! 
Around ten days ago, Jeremy had warned him not to commit any more crimes. Carl assured him countlessly, as he was afraid of him. But as soon as he started scheming again, he targeted someone close to Mr. Chase! 
Now, even if the person on the call didn't admit it, he was sure he was Mr. Chase. 
They were in deep trouble! They had angered the big boss. How did they end up targeting Jeremy's woman?! 
Something doesn't add up! 
They had already investigated this lady's background. She didn't know anyone with a special status at all. How was she related to Jeremy Chase?! 
Where has it gone wrong?! 
They should've checked more thoroughly. 
At this moment, Carl regretted this deeply. He started to tremble in fear. 
His face was drained from color as he stared at the handphone the lady was holding and stuttered. "Mr. Chase, it's all a misunderstanding... It's not what you think. We're just..." 
Carl couldn't even continue because he knew he was forcing his lies. 
Jeremy suddenly laughed. 
He laughed very softly. 
But in the empty warehouse, the voice from the speakerphone was exceptionally clear. 
"Mr. Chase, this is a misunderstanding..." He didn't know how to continue from there. 
He was in a cold sweat, and panic flared in his eyes. 
The other thug spoke frantically, "Mr. Chase, you must believe us. We were joking. We had no other intentions..." 
The two men kept stuttering, fearing Jeremy would have a sudden outburst of anger. 
The lady holding the phone sighed in relief at this moment. 
"Send me the location." 
What the h*ll, this is really Jeremy's voice! Carl and the other thug were confident. Their legs continued to tremble. They had angered the big boss! Jeremy Chase was very concerned about this woman. How did they end up targeting Jeremy Chase's woman? 
At this point, they were both dumbfounded! 
The lady sent the location immediately. 
Carl and the other thug were wobbling in fear. Carl softly said, "What should we do?"
###chapter1184
Chapter 1184
CHAPTER 1184 NO ONE WAS DISGUISED AS HIM! 
Run..? The thug's mind was only filled with this thought. He was still panicking. "If Mr. Chase sees us still here when he arrives, will he be angrier?" 
Carl thought it was a reasonable concern and immediately whispered, "Go ahead and talk to him." 
The thug was Carl's lackey. Even though he was upset, he didn't dare to confront him. He could only take a deep breath and walked towards the lady to show his loyalty. 
But the lady shouted in fear, "Don't come near me." 
At the same time, she took three steps back, leaving the distance between them even further than before. 
The thug was frightened to the core. He immediately waved his hands in front of him. "I'm not... I'm not going to do anything to you. I just wanted to talk to Mr. Chase." 
"You can say it from where you're standing." The lady stared at them with full alertness. She was still afraid of them. 
The thug didn't dare to move as he feared she would keep shouting, making Mr. Chase misunderstand that they were hurting her. He breathed deeply and said to Jeremy, "Mr. Chase, we'll not stay here and become an eyesore to you. We admit our wrongdoing. We shouldn't have made this joke. We'll not do it again... Please give us another chance! We'll leave right now!" 
Carl anxiously looked at the lady's handphone as if he could see Jeremy's face. 
"Why are you in a rush? Planning to do more harm to others?" 
Both Carl and his lackey's eyes were tingling. They hurriedly replied with a forceful smile, "How dare we... We wouldn't dare to do it anymore!" 
Both of them were frightened to their wit's end. 
Their excitement a while ago had been tamed. 
The lady was not as scared anymore when she saw their anxious expressions. But she stayed alert. 
Since Jeremy didn't let them go, they had no choice but to stay, as they couldn't find other ways to escape. 
The lady also wanted them to leave but felt uneasy about being alone in the middle of nowhere. She was afraid of bumping into other bad people. 
Since these two men were afraid of Jeremy, having them around would at least be helpful to keep her safe. 
As time went by, they would occasionally hear the honking sounds of the car through the handphone. The handphone wasn't hung up until they heard a car honking outside the empty warehouse. The face of Carl and his lackey were drained of any color. The time had finally come. They could no longer hide from what awaited them. 
The lady was thrilled and immediately brought her handphone closer and asked, "Are you here?" 
"Yes." The man had a deep and husky voice. She felt that this was the voice that rescued her. She couldn't care less and immediately ran out. 
The faces of the other two men were ashen. 
They stared blankly as the lady opened the warehouse door with excitement, and a few moments later, a slim and long silhouette appeared from the car. 
Carl and his lackey shook in fear. In the end, it was still him! No one was disguised as him! 
They were still in doubt a few moments ago, wondering if this lady had found someone to mimic Jeremy's voice. But seeing the truth in front of them, it was evident that it was all their imaginations.
###chapter1185
Chapter 1185
CHAPTER 1185 WE’LL NEVER DO IT AGAIN! 
The eyes of the lady were watery. The tears on her face had already dried up, but her eyes were still visibly swollen. 
"You're finally here..." She sounded dreadful when she said those words. 
Jeremy's gaze was cold as he glanced at her before his gaze fell on Carl and his lackey. 
His intimidating look left the two men in shock. They knelt on the floor and even made the pitiful lady dumbfounded by their actions. How did these two become so different in an instant? 
Although Jeremy was facing the two men, his words were directed at the lady. 
"Did they hurt you?" 
Carl and his lackey started to shake their heads. The lackey quickly reacted and said, "No, we did not! It was a joke, and she called you right in time. We didn't do anything!" 
"They grabbed my hair and pulled my sleeves." 
Jeremy glanced at her and realized her hair was messy and her sleeves had dirt. 
His eyes turned icy cold. 
The two men were anxiously shaking their heads. They forgot what they had done before and were
unwilling to admit to it even if they were guilty of hurting her. 
"Do you know the consequences of touching my people?" Jeremy looked at them calmly. 
These two men almost fell to the floor in fear. 
But what could they do? 
Jeremy had punished them fiercely when they previously harassed a woman unrelated to him. 
But now... 
It was one of his people... 
How is this lady one of Jeremy's people? Why didn't they realize that they were related? 
The lady was quite appalled as she lifted her eyes to look at Jeremy. He said… I belong to him? 
She was overjoyed, and her pale face instantly gained color. Her cheeks were red due to her shyness, but her emotions weren't visible. 
As expected, Jeremy's eyes were fixed on the two men before him, and he didn't look at her. 
The two men were from a powerful organization, and Carl was considered the third-in-command. He had a despicable tendency to harass women and only felt satisfied when he could participate in the whole process. Undoubtedly, he was the culprit behind the persecution of women. 
Jeremy had punished him fiercely in the past, but he had forgotten about it. 
As for Jeremy, he was the sworn brother of this organization's leader. 
Even if Jeremy wanted to command the people in this organization, he had the power to do so. How could Carl not be afraid of him? 
"Mr. Chase, Mr. Chase, we know that we're in the wrong..." 
Jeremy snickered. "You only know how to commit crimes. Solomon never needed a member like you." 
Solomon was the name of the organization. 
They didn't know that Jeremy Chase was the actual boss behind the organization. 
And the leader that everyone knew of was Jeremy's assistant. 
Carl's face was ashen! He knew that Jeremy had significant power! 
He kept kneeling and even started begging Jeremy. "Mr. Chase, Mr. Chase, we know we're in the wrong; we'll never do it again! Please don't expel me from the organization! I won't do it anymore!"
###chapter1186
Chapter 1186
CHAPTER 1186 DO YOU THINK YOU CAN RETURN HOME NOW? 
The lady looked at him as though she saw Prince Charming. She couldn't take her eyes off him and felt at ease when he was here. 
Jeremy didn't look in her direction as he stared coldly at the two men before him, "I'm sure you're aware of Solomon's rule. You'll have to turn yourselves in on your own. Don't make me force you." 
The faces of the two men turned ashen. Jeremy had forgiven them before, but now... they had no chance. What could they do? 
"Mr. Chase, Mr. Chase...we..." 
Jeremy glanced at the lady. "Let's go." 
The color in the lady's face had recovered. She didn't say a word and immediately followed behind Jeremy. The other two men were still kneeling as they begged Jeremy's pardon. But... they had no other choice... 
From their observation, Jeremy and their leader had worked hand in glove. They also felt that their leader was obeying Jeremy's instructions. So when Jeremy gave them this instruction, they already had no way out... 
They couldn't disobey his words. Not a single chance! Their only choice was to turn themselves in. If not, they would have to go through something more frightening than they could imagine! 
As they kept begging, the two silhouettes slowly left their sight. 
The two fell to the ground. The lackey's face was pale when he said, "Carl, we're screwed..." 
The color was also drained out of Carl's face. He always had the energy to yell at others, but now... he was in deep trouble. 
He was screwed! 
... 
At this point, the lady and Jeremy were already in the car. The lady was sitting in the passenger seat, looking awkwardly at the man. Nonetheless, she felt deeply grateful as she said, "Jeremy, thank you for helping me today. If it weren't for you, I..." 
Her words stopped here as she recalled how afraid she had been just a moment ago. Thankfully, she was familiar with her handphone's structure and settings, allowing her to find Jeremy's number in no time. Otherwise, the two men would have... 
Jeremy calmly looked at her, "Why were you here?" 
Velvet Wise pursed her lips and looked down with a sad expression. "I wanted to find my father. He wasn't buried, but his ashes were scattered here." 
She tried her best to calm her emotions. Jeremy slightly turned his head to look at her gorgeous side profile and said calmly, "I'll take you there to see him." 
Velvet was quite startled and raised her head to look at the man beside her. Her mouth was left open as she didn't know what to say. After a pause, she softly uttered, "Thank you..." 
She was eager to see her father but no longer had the courage to go alone after what happened today. She wanted to tell him he didn't need to take her if he had other things to work on, but she kept the words to herself. 
"Where do I go?" 
"Straight." Velvet's appearance and voice resembled her name perfectly, velvety. 
At this moment, Elisa and Gareth were also in the car. But after traveling for a short distance, Elisa turned to look at the man with an icy cold expression. "You can stop the car in the front. I won't take any more of your time. I can return home on my own." 
The interactions between Elisa and Gareth had improved. Elisa was no longer unyielding as she had been in the past and became gentler when she talked to him. 
However, Gareth furrowed his eyebrows and sneered, "Do you think you can return home now?"
###chapter1187
Chapter 1187
CHAPTER 1187 DON’T TELL ME YOU’RE GETTING BACK WITH HIM! 
Elisa looked at him confusedly, "What do you mean?" 
Gareth didn't stop the car. Instead, he continued driving without replying to Elisa. Elisa frowned as she said, "What are you trying to do?" 
As she finished her sentence, Gareth slowly parked in front of a movie theater. 
Elisa turned around and saw a huge signboard hanging in front. It wrote: 'Golden Movies.' 
Elisa's frown became more profound. "You really brought me to the cinema?" 
Is he out of his mind? 
It was a lie to deceive Grandma. They didn't have to be here. 
However, Gareth looked at her. "Do you think Grandma will believe us if we don't go all the way? She was so happy today. If she knew we didn't go to the movies and there was no news of us trending online, don't you think she'll be disappointed?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Gareth had taken everything into account. 
"Get down the car." As soon as he said that, he exited the driver's seat. Someone was waiting by the
side, and once he saw Gareth, he immediately walked towards his car. Anyone could tell that he was there to park the car for Gareth. 
Elisa furrowed her eyebrows and didn't say anything but decided to get down from the car. 
She admitted that Gareth's explanation a moment ago made her think twice. 
She also knew that Gareth wasn't exactly thrilled to be watching a movie. 
Elisa took a deep breath to calm herself down before walking towards the cinema with Gareth. 
The cinema wasn't as crowded as expected. But of all the places, this cinema was the most popular one in Bayswe. It wasn't swarming with people like in the past. Instead, only around a hundred people were there at the cinema. 
It was because Gareth had booked the whole cinema today. 
They walked in with ease and even had staff specially catering to them. They were the only two audiences in the movie theater. 
When they sat down, the movie started playing. It was a newly released romance movie in which the Best Actor and Best Actress acted together. 
But Elisa and Gareth were not in the mood to watch a movie. They had never-ending work, so watching a movie wasn't their cup of tea. Moreover, the reason they were here was also out of the ordinary. They weren't even here for a date but solely as a way to let time pass. 
On the outside, they were already trending on Twitter's real-time searches when they appeared together. 
Seeing Gareth and Elisa together in a public space was a rare occasion. Some people secretly took photos of them and uploaded them online. 
Everyone was discussing this hot topic. 
When Rachel saw the real-time trends, she couldn't help but text Elisa. 
Rachel: 'Actually, you could interview me.' 
Elisa was holding onto her handphone. She opened the new message to view it when it buzzed. 
Elisa: '' 
Rachel: 'You could have asked me: How did you feel when you found out about your close friend's recent activity on Twitter's real-time trends?' 
Elisa: '...' 
She saw the content trending on Twitter, so she knew what Rachel meant. 
Rachel: 'What is happening? Aren't you watching a movie? How do you have the time to reply to me? Why aren't you paying attention to your movie? Also, why are you together with Gareth at the movies? Elisa, don't tell me you're getting back with him!'
###chapter1188
Chapter 1188
CHAPTER 1188 THE MOVIE BECAME INTERESTING 
Elisa: 'No.' 
Rachel: 'No? Then what is happening? How did the two of you suddenly get tied together? You even booked the whole cinema? I saw everything on Twitter! There are only two of you in the whole cinema! Tell me, what are the two of you up to!' 
Elisa: 'There's a reason for everything. I'll explain to you when we meet later.' 
She was a hacker. She knew how dangerous it was to reveal anything here. Some might be unable to hack into her handphone, but she couldn't guarantee that Rachel's handphone wasn't hacked. 
Rachel was still in doubt, but she knew the importance of the matter, and Elisa would have a valid reason, so she could only cooperate with her. 
Rachel: 'Alright then, explain to me later when you're free. I'll not bother you anymore on your date.' 
Elisa: '...' 
Rachel sent a playful sticker, but Elisa didn't reply afterward. 
Elisa redirected her gaze onto the movie screen and coincidentally saw the scene whereby the male lead grabbed the girl's hand as he said, "Don't go." 
Elisa's eyes quivered. These words felt familiar to her. 
The male lead had a gloomy expression. "I had told you this before. All conglomerates are just role- playing. You should know you've entered this play with me now that you've become my wife. Whether or not there is hatred, you must still cooperate with me in public, or our shares will drop. If that happens, it will not only affect my family but also harm your family." 
The female lead was dumbfounded after hearing his words. She replied sarcastically, "What does this have to do with me? Do I have a family? Everyone treats me like a chess piece. So how is your family's well-being related to me in any way? Let go!" 
The female lead struggled in his grasp, but the male lead held onto her tightly without letting go. His eyes were filled with mixed emotions of anger and anxiety, making it look icy cold. 
"Don't throw a tantrum. My patience is running thin." 
'Smack!' 
The slap had a clear and distinct sound. 
The male lead was startled by her slap. Soon, the male lead's face became so gloomy as if he could tear up at any second. 
The female lead stared coldly at the man in front of her and said dreadfully, "Who do you think you are? Even if the world adores you, to me, you couldn't even compare to a dog! What right do you have to bark at me like that?" 
Elisa didn't say anything. 
These words resonated with her and made her feel a gush of relief. 
It even felt like she was taking her revenge and felt the joy of victory. 
The male lead looked at her with a gloomy gaze. "You've become more daring." 
The female lead broke free of his grip and said unemotionally, "Don't ever bother me again! When the time comes, we'll get a divorce." 
After saying all she had to say, she left without caring about the man. 
Elisa was initially uninterested in the movie, but now that she had reached this plot and could only go after the film finishes, she decided to pay attention to the remaining plot. 
As for Gareth... 
He was also uninterested at first, but now... 
He might not understand the reason but has also started paying attention to the film. 
The film continued playing. 
The two of them were staring attentively at the movie screen. After the female lead left, the male lead stood inside the room, staring at her back as she left. The male lead pursed his lips without saying a word, but his eyes carried mixed emotions.
###chapter1189
Chapter 1189
CHAPTER 1189 STRANGELY SIMILAR 
Some time had passed. The main cast attended a ceremonial dinner together, and they looked exceptionally close during the dinner. It reminded Gareth and Elisa of how they were in the past. 
As Elisa resonated with the story, she felt that the plot was too realistic. 
It was the life of the wealthy and powerful. For their personal gain, everyone had to role-play. Even between two people who hated each other, they could act as if they were truly in love all because of the 'sacred' benefit. At this moment, Elisa's eyes expressed extreme ridicule. 
The female lead's face was stiff. She couldn't pretend any longer, so she smiled at the man beside her and his business partners to excuse herself. "I have to go to the washroom." 
The male lead let go of her waist and said with a gentle voice, "Go on." 
The female lead smiled and nodded before heading towards the washroom. 
As soon as the doors closed, her smile dropped. The female lead massaged her cheeks lightly and ran her fingers through her hair simultaneously. Even without saying anything, the actress' acting skills perfectly expressed the character's frustration and anxiety. 
The movie continued. The two main characters put on their fake smiles during the whole dinner. After they left and went in the car, they didn't say a word, and their expressions were calm. It was quite a twist from their personalities during the ceremonial dinner. 
Elisa felt that these two characters depicted their life. They were strangely similar to the characters in the movie. 
Elisa laughed softly. Even though the sound from the movie was quite loud, Gareth could hear her giggle. It seemed to carry no emotions but also conveyed bittersweet feelings. 
The only distinction they had with the movie was that the characters in the film most likely had feelings for each other but were unaware of it. 
As for Elisa, she was the only one in love at that time. 
After a month, the main reason for their arranged marriage was over, and they were free to file for a divorce. 
The woman asked for a divorce without hesitation, but the man tried various methods to delay it. He would blame his busy schedule or accuse her of throwing a fit. He also tried to convince her that there could still be more benefits in the future. Or that it would harm their reputation if they get a divorce. 
Anyhow, the man didn't want to get a divorce. 
Elisa's eyes quivered. Why was the plot shockingly similar to what she had experienced? Did the writer know about her experience? 
Half a year had passed as the two kept going back and forth. 
The female lead was exhausted and decided to leave because she couldn't divorce him after trying various methods. She wanted to disappear so the male lead could never find her again. 
The male lead took it as a joke and assumed that she was having a fit of temper. The male lead didn't mention this when drinking with his friends. One of them tried to advise him to be kinder to her but was disregarded with scornful remarks. 
These friends were loyal and trustworthy. If they were to compare to Jeremy's social circle, they were equivalent to Jeremy and Vincent. 
But after two months, he still didn't hear any news of the female lead. She had disappeared into thin air. He hid the truth from others by saying she was busy working and always gave an elaborate cover-up for her absence. But he felt that life without her felt as gloomy as ever. 
From the indifference and ridicule attitude, he had slowly become increasingly anxious. Ultimately, he couldn't help it anymore and immediately instructed his men, "You have to find her no matter what."
###chapter1190
Chapter 1190
CHAPTER 1190 I’M AFRAID YOU WOULDN’T BE ABLE TO TAKE IT 
Elisa's eyes were still and carried a scornful expression. No matter what... 
What's the point of finding her? 
She suddenly lost interest in the movie. 
But they were only halfway through the movie. Grandma might've already been aware of when they entered. If they left the cinema now, it would make Grandma overthink. 
Elisa furrowed her eyebrows as she tried to calm her anxious thoughts. 
The movie continued. After painstaking effort, the male lead finally found the female lead, but she had appeared with another man at a ceremonial dinner and was holding onto the other man's arm. He had let his guard down. 
He pulled her to a secret room and forcefully pushed her against the corner of the wall. The female lead struggled to escape while spurting out hurtful words, but the male lead hugged her and wouldn't let go of her. 
He said, "I've been too lenient with you, so I allowed you to leave, but from now on, you can only stay by my side." 
Elisa was startled. He tried so hard to find her, but now that he saw her, he became aggressive. Can he get her back this way? 
Elisa frowned upon his actions. 
Elisa was no longer interested in the movie and decided to look at her handphone. Maybe she didn't want to watch the film because she would unconsciously link the male character and Gareth. 
As the movie continued, Gareth didn't do anything else and stayed focused on the film. 
It was a sad ending whereby the lead characters didn't end up together. The female lead no longer liked the male lead and even despised him. He tried various ways to get back together, but the female lead chose the man who genuinely cared for her. 
Gareth's expression turned gloomy when he saw this ending. 
Elisa was quite surprised with the ending as she expected the main characters to be together to comply with the market's needs. But with this ending, she was unsure how the audience would react. 
She only pondered about it for a while before getting up to leave. She didn't even look at Gareth. 
Gareth also stood up dreadfully. He even texted Thomas as he walked out of the movie theater. 
Gareth: 'Take down the movie. Change the ending.' 
When Thomas received the text, he was dumbfounded. He didn't know what the movie was about and couldn't understand what Gareth meant. But from how he texted, Thomas knew that Mr. Wickam was upset. 
Or else why would Mr. Wickam ever care about the film's storyline? 
He speculated that the storyline must have made Mr. Wickam upset. 
Thomas didn't dare to ask any further. After sending a reply, he went online to search for the movie. 
After an hour, Thomas called the director of the film. 
The director was startled to receive his call, "Mr. May? Why did you call me?" 
Thomas coughed softly and tried to conceal his awkwardness as he said, "I have something to discuss with you." 
"You're welcome anytime. Tell me what you have in mind." 
Thomas rubbed his eyebrows. "I'm afraid you won't be able to take it." 
"Ah?" The director felt confused. 
After all, Thomas was Gareth's trusted assistant. His words were equivalent to Gareth's words. So when he said this, the director felt anxious. What does Gareth want to do? 
He took a deep breath, seemingly controlling his rising blood pressure as he slowly uttered, "You're just relaying his words. How could I not handle it? If Mr. Wickam has any suggestions, then it surely is valuable. You have the final say."
###chapter1191
Chapter 1191
CHAPTER 1191 A DIFFERENT ENDING 
Thomas regained his composure and cleared his throat lightly before saying, "Your movie set to be released has been bought out by Mr. Wickam. I assume you already know this?" 
Director Moen was startled. "I don't. I've been out all day at a dinner party. So, you're saying that Mr. Wickam has seen the movie?" 
"Yes," Thomas said, gradually getting to the point. He didn't want to be too blunt, worried the director might get overwhelmed. 
Director Moen was a well-known figure in the industry, with a sharp mind and a keen eye for detail. All his works were considered classics, and he was known for his dedication and commitment. 
But now... 
If Gareth suddenly demanded a change in the ending, it could result in more criticism of the movie. This could hurt the film's reputation. However, the director might not have a choice but to comply with his request. After all, no one dared to offend Gareth. 
Of course, if Gareth were to ask him to change the ending, it would not be a mere alteration. But, it would mean that the director's career was secured with benefits, such as investment in every film and TV show in the future. 
"So..." Director Moen was unsure of what to say. His eyes portrayed a mix of complex emotions. "What does Mr. Wickam think of it after watching the movie?" 
Since the movie was now the topic of conversation, there had to be something amiss with it, and Gareth had a bone to pick. But he didn't really know why Gareth suddenly came to him because of this. 
Thomas said hesitantly, "Mr. Wickam thinks the ending needed improvement." 
Director Moen's eyes twitched, and his breathing became short, "You mean..." 
He now had a vague idea of what was happening but found it difficult to accept, just as Thomas deduced. 
Thomas cleared his throat, "Mr. Wickam suggests changing the ending." 
Director Moen was momentarily speechless, unable to keep up with the conversation. He started coughing uncontrollably. 
Thomas fell silent, waiting for the director to recover. He didn't say anything to console him, as it was something that the director would need to process on his own. There was little that Thomas could do to help. 
Director Moen was still coughing, struggling to regain his composure. He took a deep breath and said, "Mr. May, you gotta be kidding me. The movie has already been released, and so did the pre-release publicity. And… Mr. Wickam wants me to...change the ending?" 
At this point, he still couldn't understand why Gareth had watched this movie in the first place. 
Thomas said calmly, "Director Moen, those who understand the movie's content will understand. You
know the story yourself." 
Director Moen's face changed slightly. Suddenly, he understood what was happening. He quickly said, "I did not use Mr. Wickam as a template for this story. It's simply a portrayal of the lives of the wealthy. Mr. Wickam must have misunderstood. Mr. May, please help clarify my intention with him!" 
Thomas rubbed his forehead, feeling a tinge of helplessness. "Director Moen, changing the ending might make the story better. After all, nowadays, people like comedies. Besides, the male lead is a perfect actor, but ultimately, he became the second male lead. It doesn't make sense." 
The director was dumbfounded by Thomas' response. 
He knows nuts about any of this!
###chapter1192
Chapter 1192
CHAPTER 1192 HOW IS IT FAIR? 
At this point, Director Moen was too fed up to say anything. With everything in order and publicity buzz at its peak now, he couldn't believe he had to reconvene all the actors and crew members, shoot a new ending, and relaunch the promotional campaign. He was exasperated that Gareth had made it an unbearable burden for everyone. 
The director felt his blood pressure rise. Taking a deep breath, he called out, "Mr. May..." 
Knowing that the director was about to appeal emotionally, Thomas interrupted, "Director Moen, I've already made myself clear. Mr. Wickham will support your career if you agree to his request. Can you afford to reject such an opportunity?" 
Director Moen fell silent. 
Although he was aware that yielding to Gareth's request would earn him a lot of favor in the future, he couldn't bring himself to compromise on the ending of his beloved film. He had spent endless hours perfecting it through intense deliberation. 
He had overworked himself and spent a small fortune to make it happen. He even went to great lengths to convince the lead actor to take the role, knowing that few could do justice to such a challenging script. And now, it was all going to be for nothing because of Mr. Wickam's insistence on changing the ending. 
The director was at his wit's end. 
Thomas continued to persuade him, "I know it's tough to think about changing the ending you worked so hard on, but every decision has its pros and cons. By the way, Mr. Wickam just messaged me." 
As Thomas spoke, he glanced at the new message that had just come in. Director Moen asked, puzzled, "What did he say?" 
"Mr. Wickam said that from now on, he will fully invest in every drama you make. So, you won't have to worry about sponsors anymore," Thomas replied. 
Director Moen's expression shifted. This was a tempting offer. Pulling sponsors was never easy for him because he always opted for authenticity. This meant that the possibility of accidents on set always loomed, leading many potential sponsors deemed impractical and a waste of money. 
Gareth was always a man of his word. Seeing Director Moen hesitate, Thomas said softly, "If you have no problem with this, we can draw up the contract immediately." 
Director Moen's eyes flickered, and after a few more breaths, he sighed, "This movie is really my pride and joy. We debated it for a long time when considering whether to reunite or split up the lead characters. Most people supported the reunion. Still, I insisted on trying a separation to take a risk. Now that it's been released, can we at least let it play for two days and see how it goes?" 
"I'm afraid that's not what Mr. Wickam wants," Thomas said calmly. 
Director Moen was caught off guard and responded with a hint of desperation, "I never intended for it to come across that way. It's just a typical love-hate dynamic. Mr. Wickam must have misinterpreted it, and I..." 
Director Moen bit his tongue to prevent himself from saying, "This is unfair to me!" He understood there was no point in arguing with those who held more power. 
Thomas reassured him with a smile, "Director Moen, I assure you that changing the ending won't impact you much. In fact, you'll never have to worry about funding again. Isn't that a great idea?"
###chapter1193
Chapter 1193
Chapter 1193 An Unexpected Phone Call 
Many actors in the industry owed their successful careers to their influential and affluent parents. These actors were often given prominent roles despite their subpar acting skills. As expected, their performances had worn down the reputation of the entire show. 
Director Moen seemed resigned as he admitted, “You’re right. I should accept it. An opportunity like this is hard to come by.” 
“I’m glad you’re being sensible, Director Moen.” Thomas complimented him. 
The director rubbed his chest and sighed, “You’re making me even more heartbroken. It’s been my painstaking effort, after all.” 
Thomas offered, “When will you be free, Director Moen? I’ll have my lawyer draft the contract, and we can sign it.” 
“I’m available anytime. Just let me know, and I’ll gather the actors and crew.” Director Moen replied. 
“Thank you, Director Moen,” Thomas said gratefully. 
The director sighed once more before ending the call. It was a difficult decision, and he felt his mental state was about to crumble. Nevertheless, he had to make this sacrifice for the sake of the future. 
After exchanging a few more pleasantries, they hung up. 
Thomas then messaged Gareth. 
Gareth and Elisa were on their way home, and the car was filled with ominous silence. Gareth bore a somber expression and ignored his buzzing phone.
Meanwhile, Elisa leaned back and closed her eyes. The movie stirred up her emotions and left her feeling a bit disoriented. It wasn’t the ending that affected her but the memories it evoked. She had once given everything for Gareth, only to end up with nothing in the end. 
Thinking of this, Elisa suddenly opened her eyes, and a bitter smile appeared, which she quickly concealed. 
Suddenly, her phone rang, and she assumed it was from Rachel. But to her surprise, it was Darren. 
She glanced at Gareth, “It’s your grandfather.” 
Gareth furrowed. Elisa answered the call in the car. 
“Hello, Old Mr.Wickam.” 
Following her divorce with Gareth, she no longer called Darren ‘Grandpa’ as the latter didn’t approve of her and deemed her unworthy of belonging to the Wickam family. Despite this, Darren sounded uneasy about her new address, calling him ‘Old Mr. Wickam.’ 
He took a deep breath and asked softly, “Liz, can you call me Grandpa again, like you used to?” 
Gareth listened to the conversation but remained silent and apathetic. 
Elisa didn’t respond to his request. Unsure if Julia was with Darren, so she asked, “Is there a reason you’re calling me? How is Grandma? Is she feeling okay after her shot?” 
Darren understood Elisa’s concern, “She’s not with me right now. I called because I need to talk to you about something.”
###chapter1194
Chapter 1194
Chapter 1194 Apology 
“What is it that you wanted to talk to me about?” Elisa asked. She knew it must be about Julia that Darren decided to speak to her. She treasured Julia a lot, and she wouldn’t hesitate to help if she was needed. There was no room for ambiguity in that. 
Gareth didn’t say anything. He had already turned off the car engine before Elisa answered the call. Darren was completely unaware that the speakerphone was on. Soon after, they heard Darren sigh, his voice tinged with a sense of powerlessness as he spoke, “I understand that now might not be the most appropriate timing to bring this up, and I understand if you’re feeling uneasy. But I am truly sorry for how I’ve treated you in the past, and I hope you can forgive me.” 
Darren handled the situation with tact, fearing that he might upset Elisa again. 
Elisa could sense what he was about to say, but she responded calmly, “There’s no need to dwell on the past, Old Mr. Wickam.” 
Throughout the conversation, Elisa didn’t address him as Grandpa. To her, Darren was simply an elder who deserved respect, and Elisa showed him that respect out of deference to Julia. 
Darren couldn’t help but let out a deep sigh, “My child, Grandpa was wrong in the past. Please don’t hold a grudge against me. I have come to realize that I was too stubborn back then.” 
Elisa was surprised. While she knew it was because of the pressure from Julia that Darren caved in, she didn’t expect Darren to be willing to apologize to her. 
“You don’t have to say that,” Elisa replied calmly. However, she couldn’t help but glance at the man beside her, trying to gauge his emotions and better understand the situation. But as expected, Gareth’s expression remained unreadable.
“Will you forgive me?” The old man asked, his voice laced with guilt and hope. 
Elisa smiled wryly, “I never held any grudges against you in the first place, so there’s nothing to forgive.” 
While Elisa was telling the truth, Darren seemed to have misunderstood her meaning, thinking she wasn’t willing to forgive him. 
He let out another deep sigh. He had already said so much, and if Elisa wasn’t willing to forgive him, there was nothing else he could do except try to make it up to her. 
Realizing that Darren was in a complicated state of mind, Elisa cut to the chase and asked, “What do you want to talk to me about?” 
The old man’s eyes flickered, and he spoke slowly, “I’m aware of the incident with you and Garry trending on Twitter earlier.” 
Elisa was taken aback and didn’t understand why Darren suddenly brought up the trending incident on Twitter. Perhaps Darren still despised her but couldn’t outright oppose her relationship with Gareth due to Julia’s wishes, so he was now addressing it with her privately? Was he asking her to distance herself from Garry? 
She glanced at Gareth once again, but his expression remained unchanged. She remained silent, waiting for Darren to continue. 
And then, to her surprise, she heard words that she never thought she would listen to.
###chapter1195
Chapter 1195
Chapter 1195 Rejection 
“It’s not easy for me to say this, but things have escalated to this point. I’m concerned about your grandma’s health. I don’t want to see her upset and make her condition worse. I’m very worried after the last incident.” 
“I appreciate your concern. Please go on,” Elisa trusted him and knew how nervous he was that day. After all, she had seen for herself over the years how much he cared for Julia. 
Finally, my Darren divulged, “I hope you and Garry can get back together…” 
Elisa’s eyes widened in surprise. 
Even Gareth, sitting in the driver’s seat, had a subtle change in his expression. But he didn’t say anything, directing his gaze towards Elisa’s phone. 
Before she could collect her thoughts, Darren said, “I regret ever standing in the way of you and Garry. Looking back, I realize how wrong I was. I was so foolish to even try to match Linda to Garry. Please don’t make the same mistakes I did, Liz. A couple should always stay loyal to their original partner, no matter what.” 
Elisa slowly regained her composure and stared at her phone in disbelief. She had never expected Darren to say this, especially considering his past contempt for her and his strong ion to her being a part of the Wickam family. Everyone knew that. 
Yet here he was, humbling himself and urging her to reconcile with 
Gareth and return to the Wickam family. It was a stunning revelation.
“You…” Before Elisa could finish her words, Darren quickly chimed in, lest Elisa refuses, “Liz, I know you’ve been through a lot, but I’m sincerely hoping you’ll come back and give Gareth another chance. Not just for the sake of your grandmother’s health but my wish to see the both of you get back together again.” 
His intentions were clear. He wanted Elisa to reconcile with Gareth, partly to ease Julia’s condition and partly because he genuinely wished the two to be together again. But he didn’t know if his hope would come to pass. 
Darren tightly clutched his phone. Even though he wasn’t physically present with Elisa, his hopes were evident in his eyes. His slightly parted lips were a sign of his anticipation. Gareth sat quietly by the side, seemingly uninterested in the conversation. Elisa answered the phone call on her own. 
Unknown to him, his attitude towards the situation had changed from indifference to rapt attention. He unconsciously checked Elisa’s phone, trying to read their emotions. 
As Darren and Gareth waited in anticipation, Elisa spoke slowly, “I’m afraid it’s not possible.” 
Elisa’s rejection hit like a cold shower, chilling the atmosphere in the car. Even Elisa could feel that something was amiss. 
Darren took a deep breath, clearly surprised by her response. 
He couldn’t understand why Elisa refused his plea to get back with 
Gareth so bluntly and resolutely, considering that she supposedly had feelings for Gareth.
###chapter1196
Chapter 1196
Chapter 1196 Pleasantly Surprised 
Elisa could have employed a more nuanced approach if she had intentionally made things difficult for Darren. He wouldn’t mind continuing to plead his case and try to convince her, but an outright rejection left him unsure of his next steps. 
Darren took a moment before speaking again. “Perhaps you could give it some thought, Liz? You and Garry were meant to be together; you’ve already been married for three years. As they say, a day as a couple is worth a hundred days of gratitude. Don’t you think giving up just like that is a pity?” 
Darren earnestly hoped that Gareth and Elisa could reconcile. 
Elisa’s surprise grew as she witnessed the depth of Darren’s affection for Julia. Despite his apparent disdain for Elisa, he humbled himself to beg for their reconciliation. One must know it was unusual for Darren to stoop so low to beg for Elisa’s forgiveness, and for her to reconcile with Gareth was a shock. 
Elisa couldn’t help but feel envious and moved by his love for Julia that inspired such devotion. 
Elisa sighed, “I know you mean well, but it’s impossible for us to reconcile. I’m sure you know that Garry and I are not in a position to do that. As for you…” 
Before Lynn could finish her sentence, Gareth interjected with a stern voice. 
“Our relationship is none of your business.” 
Elisa lifted her gaze, and the man saw her stoic expression, and his eyes gradually clouded over. Elisa didn’t say anything and a hint of sarcasm flickered in her eyes. It wasn’t Darren’s place to initiate for Gareth and her to reconcile since Gareth would never agree. Just look at how irritated he became after Darren’s short plea. So, what else was there to say?
“Brat, why are you here?!” Gareth sneered coldly. “Haven’t you seen the trending topic on Twitter? Don’t you know I would send her home after the movie?” 
Darren was taken aback. He forgot about it, assuming they would part ways after the movie. Little did he know that Gareth would initiate sending Elisa home. After Gareth’s interruption, Elisa decided not to speak again, leaving the grandfather and grandson to converse on their own. 
“You heard everything I said earlier, didn’t you?” Gareth remained silent, signaling his consent. 
Darren’s face grew visibly solemn. He mumbled exasperatedly before feigning composed and said, “Now that you know my thoughts, rest assured that I won’t stand in your way anymore. Whether or not you can win Liz’s heart is entirely up to your doing. Just don’t make a fool out of yourself.” 
Elisa remained silent, and Gareth’s expression turned even colder. “Didn’t I say this is none of your business? Please stay out of my business. All you need to do is stop upsetting Grandma.” 
“I am your grandfather, you ungrateful brat! You may have grown up, but that doesn’t give you the right to disrespect me!” 
Elisa turned to look out the window, which was her villa. The scenery in the yard looked stunning, even more so at night. The men’s conversation was not productive, and she had no interest in listening. 
“Anything else? If not, I’m going to end this call.” Darren furrowed, knowing there was no point in saying too much. He gave a cold snort before speaking to Elisa in a gentle voice. “Well, I hope you can take to heart what Grandpa said today, Liz. Our doors are always open to you, and I hope you will come back. I’m truly sorry for what happened before.” 
Darren’s unprecedented and recurrent apology caught Elisa off guard. At the same time, she was flattered by it.
###chapter1197
Chapter 1197
Chapter 1197 Will You Be My Companion? 
Elisa quickly responded, “Please don’t say that.” 
A lot of times, their relationship had nothing to do with other people’s opinions. Grandma always advised them to stay true and loyal to each other, while Grandpa urged them to separate. Her in laws, Gareth’s parents, also had mixed feelings about their marriage. 
In fact, if one had to be precise, they divorced mainly because of Gareth’s attitude toward her. He had always detested her and never wanted to be with her, which was perfectly reasonable. 
So, their divorce was not influenced by anything, nor did anyone try to catalyze their disharmony. It was just that they were no longer suitable for each other. And Elisa had come to terms with it. 
Seeing that Elisa had no intention of saying anything else, the old man sighed and spoke softly, “Since that’s the case, I won’t bother you anymore. Liz, Grandpa hopes you reconsider it and don’t make rash judgments.” 
As for the relationship between her and Gareth, it had long turned to dust and bore no significance to her. Elisa did not entertain the thought of it, nor did she consider the possibility at all. 
Elisa replied with a low hum. Her composure remained steady from start to finish, with only a few moments of surprise. 
“Okay.” 
And then, they ended the call. 
The car became silent once again.
Elisa glanced briefly at Gareth’s morose expression before leaving the car. 
“Thanks for the ride. Goodbye,” Elisa said, grabbing her bag and entering the villa. Gareth’s car remained dead and stationery. Elisa didn’t bother and went inside. After their last encounter, she ensured all the passwords and fingerprints were changed, so Gareth couldn’t access her home. She didn’t want him back in her life. Fortunately, he didn’t try either. 
Elisa slept soundly that night. 
The next day, Elisa had just arrived at the company when she received a message from Will. 
Will: ‘It’s Old Mr. Tabor’s birthday in a few days. Will you be my companion?’ 
Elisa raised her eyebrows. 
Elisa: ‘I’ll go alone that day. Besides, I may have to leave early for some work.’ 
Will: ‘Okay, I can send you there.’ 
Elisa: ‘I appreciate your offer, but no thanks.’ 
In fact, she didn’t want to have too much contact with Will now. She had lied to Julia to ease her anxiety. If she had too much contact with other men, it would only contradict her promise. All her efforts would be in vain, and Julia’s condition would worsen. 
Elisa: ‘I’m sorry. But we have to keep a distance from each other for the time being for personal reasons.’ 
Elisa wanted to avoid too much contact with Will because she had lied to Julia about their relationship. She didn’t want to shoot herself in the foot and risk worsening Julia’s anxiety. In her message to Will,
Elisa deliberately separated the word ‘important’ with a space to stress her concern. Will knew Elisa had been frequenting Wickam Manor lately, showing how much she cared about Julia. 
Knowing Will was smart, Elisa was certain that he would cooperate with her to ensure her plan goes swimmingly.
###chapter1198
Chapter 1198
Chapter 1198 All About Her 
Will: ‘Since that’s the case, you’ll make up to me after this. Right?’ 
His words were always laced with a hint of deeper meaning. 
Elisa’s eyes flickered, and for a while, she didn’t know how to respond. 
Ignoring him wasn’t an option for sure. 
But if she replied, it would mean she gave him hope to pursue her. 
Elisa frowned and pondered before replying with an indifferent emoji. 
Will: ‘You owe me dinner.’ 
Elisa: ‘Sure.’ 
Just like that, she didn’t say anything more, and Will was also smart enough to let the matter slide. 
Over the next few days, everything went smoothly. Julia’s condition had stabilized, and she even received another injection. She noticed that Elisa and Gareth seemed closer than before and had even started dating. She couldn’t stop smiling, and even getting a shot wasn’t so daunting anymore because they would accompany her to the doctor’s appointment each time. Ironically, Julia had even begun to look forward to getting her injections. 
The day had finally arrived for Old Mr. Tabor’s birthday celebration, and most of the creme de la creme in the city had turned up for the festivity. Those who didn’t appear were either unimportant or had adversarial relations with the Tabor family. 
Needless to say, it was a bustling celebration.
And Elisa, as the President of the Benett Corporation, naturally had to come and show her face. 
Elisa stood among the crowd, holding a champagne glass, while several men eagerly approached her to exchange pleasantries. 
Her fame had grown to such an extent that many aspired to establish a connection with her as much as they desired to associate with the Tabor, Wickam, or Darcey families. 
However, Elisa remained calm and collected, unaffected by the attention. 
As soon as Gareth entered the room, his eyes were drawn to the woman who stood out from the crowd. 
She wore a light blue dress that hugged her curves in all the right places and held a champagne glass in her hand. With a slight tilt of her head, she took a sip from the glass and revealed a subtle but enchanting smile that captured everyone’s attention. 
Gareth’s face darkened. 
Before he could make his way over to her, he noticed that Nicole had already beaten him to it and was quickly closing in on Elisa. 
Finally, Gareth stopped. 
Unbeknownst to him, Nicole had been watching him for a while. When she saw him, she thought of coming over and saying hello. However, she couldn’t bring herself to talk to him at the thought of what had happened between them that day. They had yet to finalize their cooperation, and the prospect of doing so made her hesitant to approach him.
To make matters worse, Gareth’s indifferent attitude towards their business project left her feeling disheartened. Despite the project’s significance, he didn’t mention it again after he failed to turn up for their appointment. 
Even though the Tabor family was as influential as the Wickam family, Gareth seemed indifferent towards their joint project and relationship. Nicole couldn’t help but wonder why he didn’t seem to care. Was he not worried that the Tabor family might turn against him? 
The past few days had been an ordeal for Nicole. Even now, Gareth noticed her but turned a blind eye to her presence. How could Gareth be so infatuated with Elisa? He even went to a movie with her!
###chapter1199
Chapter 1199
Chapter 1199 Are They Close? 
It pained Nicole to watch him pining for Elisa. Gareth even got upset at the sight of Elisa enjoying the company of other men. At this point, Nicole could no longer dodge the reality. Gareth loves Elisa! 
Seeing Gareth heading towards Elisa, she frowned at the possible sight of them being all lovey-dovey at the party. 
So, she took her glass and strutted towards Gareth, believing he would stop if she went up to him. 
She walked toward Elisa, but her eyes were fixed on Gareth. As expected, Gareth halted his steps and chatted with someone who had just arrived when he saw Nicole approaching him. Nicole breathed a sigh of relief. 
Seeing Elisa surrounded by men, Nicole walked up to them with a smile and said, “You guys seem to be having a great time.” 
It’s Nicole Tabor! The man’s eyes lit up at her voice. Despite their regular attempts to impress Nicole, they were always left disappointed as she was always preoccupied with duties and barely exchanged words with them. However, they were surprised that Nicole took the initiative to approach them today. 
But their excitement was short-lived as they quickly realized that Nicole had come over for Elisa. 
One of the chubby men immediately smiled and said, “Ms. Tabor, it’s been a while since we last met! You look even more beautiful now!” As he said, the man pushed his wine glass forward. 
Nicole smiled and clinked her glass with his, “Thank you,” she said. 
The other men also came forward to offer a toast. Nicole smiled and said, “I’m sorry, today is my grandpa’s birthday. I’m not supposed to drink too much. Thank you for the offer, though.”
Those who missed the opportunity to drink with her felt a little upset. They accepted the rejection bitterly. 
Nicole smiled and looked at Elisa. “Liz, can we talk for a moment?” 
Liz…? 
The intimate address caught the attention of everyone. Could Elisa and Nicole have a closer relationship than previously thought? It didn’t seem to add up. One was Gareth’s ex-wife, and the other was a woman who had been pining after him for years. Weren’t they rivals? 
Elisa was not in the mood to entertain the men any longer. She nodded at Nicole, and they walked over to a nearby sofa together. They held onto their wine glasses, but barely any wine was left, and neither of them made any effort to refill it. Elisa would rather have a dreaded conversation with Nicole than endure the men’s superficial chatter. 
They sat facing each other, and Elisa spoke first. “Today is your grandfather’s birthday. Don’t you need to greet the guests?” 
Nicole smiled easily, “Aren’t you also a guest?” 
Had Rachel been present, she would have marveled at their ability to put aside their differences. Despite their history of hostility and competition, the two women were sporting enough to be in each other’s company. 
Elisa raised an eyebrow in surprise but said nothing as she placed her wine glass on the table. Nicole did the same. After straightening her dress and placing her hand on her knee, she smiled and said, “I appreciate you coming to support me today. Your presence means a lot to me.” 
After all, everyone knew Elisa’s presence carried significant weight, given her newfound prominence.
###chapter1200
Chapter 1200
Chapter 1200 Malicious and Scheme 
Despite the considerable difference in influence and power between Benett Corporation and Tabor Group, many considered them on par with each other, and some even believed that Elisa was far more capable than Nicole. This was because Nicole had not yet fully taken over the reins of Tabor Group, as she still had to listen to her grandfather’s orders. Even though Old Mr. Tabor had delegated some of his responsibilities to Nicole due to her exceptional performance. As a result, when comparing Nicole to Elisa, people tended to lean toward the latter. 
It was essential to recognize that any of the aliases that Elisa had manifested would have caused a global sensation, causing people to shudder at their mere mention. In this context, it was preposterous to believe that Elisa was inferior. 
Moreover, Elisa’s aliases alone were enough to make her a fortune. Coupled with Benett Corporation, her net worth could easily exceed Nicole’s record. Upon hearing Nicole’s words, Elisa responded with a courteous smile, “Of course.” 
In fact, she had nothing to say to Nicole and did not want to have too much interaction with this woman. Elisa sensed that Nicole was hostile towards her because of Gareth, but with Julia’s health at risk, distancing herself from Gareth was not an option. 
Furthermore, there were a lot of smoke screens to be done, and Elisa had no intention of clearing up Nicole’s misunderstandings because Julia’s recovery was her top priority. 
‘Applauses!’ 
Nicole sized Elisa up, and it seemed she didn’t want the atmosphere to remain so heavy. “Grandpa’s birthday party will be over soon. You can rest in the guest room behind if you’re tired.” Elisa smiled
wryly and didn’t seem particularly interested in continuing the conversation. “Ms. Tabor, why don’t you talk to some of the other guests?” She suggested as she stood up. 
“Excuse me, I need to use the restroom.” Nicole nodded. “Sure thing,” Elisa said nothing and just smiled at Nicole before heading toward the restroom. 
At this moment, Nicole also stood up. To their surprise, there were a pair of waiters approaching them at breakneck speed. 
Despite Elisa’s attempts to evade them, Nicole inquired behind her, “What’s the rush, gentlemen?” She had assumed they would stop in response to her query, but the waiters charged on, seemingly unconcerned with the numerous guests in their path. 
Elisa detected a hint of malice and scheme in their eyes. “Let’s move aside,” she whispered to Nicole, hoping to steer them towards a safer route, but it was too late. 
Several people had already crowded the side area, blocking their escape. The next moment, the waiters collided. 
‘Ah!’ 
The sound of the collision echoed across the hall.
###chapter1201
Chapter 1201
Chapter 1201 He Only Cares for Elisa! 
The red wine in their tray spilled! 
Nicole was bumped too hard and subconsciously grabbed Elisa’s arm. When Elisa was about to hold on to her, the person nearby turned, and she couldn’t avoid them in time. The two instantly fell to the floor! 
And the red wine coincidentally spilled onto Nicole and Elisa! 
Elisa was closer, so more red wine spilled onto her. 
Her light blue evening gown was mostly soaked by red wine, but thankfully nothing was revealed because her outfit was drenched. 
But… Nicole was in bad shape. 
She was in a light pink evening gown which was slightly translucent. By being drenched, certain parts were revealed. Her curvaceous figure could be seen clearly! 
The scene was a mess. 
Since these two notable figures everyone paid attention to suddenly fell on the floor, everyone quickly rushed over. Someone said, “Hey! Ms. Tabor and Ms. Benett fell! Let’s take a look!” 
Gareth had already been paying attention to Elisa. He furrowed his brows when he saw her miserable state and walked to her in huge strides! 
Nicole’s expression was particularly nasty, and she saw her assistant walking over. While being helped up, she said in a low voice, “Immediately investigate what on earth happened!”
“Alright. I’ll arrange for it now.” 
The servers sprinted over with utterly different demeanors from just now. Instead, they hurriedly apologized when they saw the mess on the floor while nervously holding the leftover trays. 
“We’re sorry, Ms. Tabor. We didn’t mean it. We apologize. We’re really so sorry!” 
Nicole looked in their direction coldly. “Didn’t mean it?” 
Anyone could tell that they did it deliberately. 
The servers were frantic and didn’t know how to explain. They could only shake their heads. 
It was as though their gazes were expressing that they had been possessed, and it wasn’t something they had intended to do. 
Elisa immediately stood up, and she didn’t say anything. This had to do with Nicole, not her. 
Now that she was in such a wretched state, she couldn’t be bothered to care. She quickly walked to the washroom. 
But. 
Gareth suddenly walked over and used his coat to cover her from the front. Elisa was slightly surprised, but Gareth picked her up from the side before she could do anything else. 
Elisa was flabbergasted. 
Her brows wrinkled tightly, and Gareth didn’t say a word. Although nothing was revealed, her perfect figure could be seen clearly.
Gareth was very unhappy! 
When he put the coat on her, it stopped everyone from staring. He didn’t know how many were lusting over her, even if only her fair and slender calves could be seen. 
Gareth’s icy gaze instantly swept around. Many were immediately frightened and didn’t dare to look anymore. 
Nicole’s expression immediately paled! 
She never thought this moment would be such a slap in the face to her. If Gareth hadn’t appeared, she would feel that everything was still alright and could deal with the matter. However! Gareth’s presence clearly told everyone that he only cared for Elisa! 
Only the heavens knew how much her heart was trembling at that moment! But she couldn’t be too bothered with the mess on her. 
She immediately walked toward the other changing room. 
At the same time, Will arrived.
###chapter1202
Chapter 1202
Chapter 1202 Furiously 
At the entrance, he saw Gareth walking to the changing room while carrying Elisa. His smiling eyes instantly froze. 
At the banquet, many people looked at Will. 
After all… Will and Gareth were now in the same situation. Everyone paid attention to both of them. 
They were business rivals, to begin with. 
On top of that, it could be said that… they were also opponents because of Elisa. Everyone could tell how feverish and attentive Will was in pursuing Elisa. 
As for Gareth… 
He was also approaching and pursuing Elisa. With how the two had watched a movie together, he clearly had intentions to reconcile. 
In the past… Elisa went back and forth between Will and Gareth. But now, Elisa seemed to focus more on being with Gareth? 
Then, it meant that Will might be losing. Now that he saw Gareth carrying Elisa, no one knew if he would silently endure it or do anything else. 
Many had expectant gazes. They wanted to see if something exciting would happen later. 
However, Nicole couldn’t be bothered to think about these things. Her mind was still a mess, and her expression was particularly nasty.
At that moment, she had changed her evening gown. Although it was a waste, thankfully, her hair wasn’t affected. 
She straightened her evening gown and said in a low voice, “Did you ask?” 
Her assistant nodded at once. “I don’t have any answers for now. They’re all reluctant to admit fault and said they didn’t do it intentionally.” 
They were in a hotel under the Tabor family’s banner. The servers were naturally selected carefully. 
But even so, someone had exploited a loophole and had the nerve to do something like that on such an occasion! 
Nicole’s expression darkened. “I want to know the outcome tonight, no matter what.” 
Her assistant’s expression froze slightly, and she nodded. “Alright. I will arrange for it now.” 
Upon seeing that Nicole had no other instructions, her assistant left. 
Nicole took a deep breath. Logically speaking, she should go out now and continue entertaining guests. There was some time before the official start of the banquet. 
However. 
She felt an unspeakable restlessness when she thought of how Gareth had picked Elisa up before everyone and didn’t even look at her. 
It upset her that Gareth had completely ignored her. She and Elisa had fallen, but Gareth only considered taking Elisa away. He still protected her, even when Elisa hadn’t been exposed. He had removed his coat to cover Elisa up and carried her in a way Nicole wanted but could never have asked for.
And so many people were at the banquet. She didn’t know how many people compared her and Elisa because of this. What happened might also be spread on the Internet since so many people had witnessed it. Not everyone would be cautious! 
Nicole’s rage rose uncontrollably when she thought she would be completely humiliated. She wanted to turn back time. Then, she wouldn’t interact with Elisa. Even if Nicole was the only one who had fallen, it would be fine even if Gareth didn’t help her! 
If she was the only one who had fallen, it wouldn’t be awkward with nothing to compare. Then, more people would make a fuss and come up to help her, and it wouldn’t be a big deal! 
But now…! 
Nicole clenched her fists furiously. She took a deep breath to restrain her emotions. 
The sudden ringing of her cell phone distracted her.
###chapter1203
Chapter 1203
CHAPTER 1203 YOU NEED TO WAKE UP 
Nicole furrowed her brows when she saw that series of made-up numbers again. 
She thought about it and answered the call in the end. 
She didn’t say anything. She would end the call at once if it was a scam call. 
But… if it was Linda, Linda would take the initiative to speak. 
After that, she heard a voice of an elderly man through a voice changer. “Today is your grandfather’s birthday, so I wanted to congratulate you.” 
Nicole’s brows wrinkled tightly. “So what are you trying to say?” 
She felt that there was no need for these formalities. 
The other party laughed lightly. “Ms. Tabor, you must feel very annoyed with what happened at the banquet, right?” 
Nicole’s expression immediately darkened, and she subconsciously gripped her cell phone tighter. She knows about it! 
Linda wasn’t here today, but she knew about it. It meant that someone on her side was there. 
Linda might have some connections to that person, or she might have bribed the servers here. 
“What are you trying to say?” Nicole was already in a bad mood. When she suddenly heard Linda say so, she became more uneasy!
But the other party didn’t seem to have any intentions of stopping. Linda smiled and said, “Ms. Tabor, Gareth only had eyes for Elisa in a public situation. Don’t tell me you don’t know how to strike back now? If their relationship continues developing, do you know the consequences?” 
The other party had a hoarse voice. When Linda spoke, she deliberately paused in places and emphasized certain words. It made Nicole feel more apprehensive. Nicole took a breath and pressed the bridge of her nose with one hand to restrain her emotions. She couldn’t let this person control her feelings. Otherwise, this person would lead her astray. 
The next moment, she said in a low voice, “If there’s nothing else, we don’t need to keep talking.” 
“Since I called you, how can there be nothing else? Do you see me calling you to chat usually?” 
Nicole took a breath, but she didn’t make a noise. She said nothing else because she had asked twice and received no answer. Since Linda had infiltrated the banquet, Nicole would let her speak. Nicole wanted to see how Linda would agitate her. 
There was still some time before the start of the banquet. Nicole could continue this call. 
Furthermore, the other party must have been keeping track of time. 
Nicole waited for Linda to continue her act. 
After that, the other party’s voice rang again. 
“Elisa went out for a meal and movie with Gareth the other day. They even went to Wickam Manor on the way. You know how much Old Mrs. Wickam likes Elisa, right?” 
Nicole didn’t say anything, as if silently acknowledging it. Or perhaps she couldn’t be bothered to say anything.
Linda didn’t mind. She smiled and said, “I don’t need to tell you about Old Mrs. Wickam’s position in the family. Old Mr. Wickam loves her dearly and has always protected her. Everything she says at home is crucial. Even if Old Mr. Wickam opposed Elisa previously and sent out a notice disowning Elisa, look at them now. Elisa and Gareth frequently appear in public together and have repeatedly trended on Twitter. Has the Wickam family dealt with it? Ms. Tabor, you need to wake up. Old Mr. Wickam might not necessarily have high regard for you anymore.”
###chapter1204
Chapter 1204
CHAPTER 1204 WHY MUST YOU ARRANGE SUCH A DISPLAY 
Nicole’s brows immediately furrowed tightly! 
She knew Old Mr. Wickam supported her being with Gareth. 
But now… 
After Linda’s warning, Nicole seemed to notice something wasn’t right. Old Mr. Wickam had always been in charge of the family and made decisions. Although Gareth often made decisions… With Old Mr. Wickam’s status, many people considered him to be in control. 
But now… 
Gareth and Elisa kept trending on Twitter. It might affect the fall and rise of Wickam Group shares at any time, but Old Mr. Wickam was unconcerned, like he didn’t see anything. He didn’t deal with it or do anything. So what was Old Mr. Wickam thinking about now? 
If even Old Mr. Wickam didn’t support Nicole now, she didn’t know what to do. 
Nicole’s heart suddenly beat fiercely, and even her temples twitched. Linda’s words really got to her. 
Linda smiled. “Old Mr. Wickam supported Linda and Gareth back then, but look at what happened. He didn’t care when he saw the Benett family’s downfall. Although the Benett and Tabor families differ, you must know you face the same enemy. I admit that you’re much better than Linda. Linda is no match for your strong family background, but Elisa is different. Look at all the fantastic people she has under her control now. Between the two of you, how do you think you’re superior?” 
Nicole was flabbergasted!
She gripped her cell phone tightly. She didn’t feel like ending the call with Linda at that moment. She even wanted to retort. 
But she paused and held back. 
After that, Linda smiled. “If you still won’t take the initiative to attack after what has happened recently, do you know how much it will affect you?” 
Nicole’s gaze darkened. “So, what ideas do you have?” 
“I have many ideas. I don’t know if you have the nerve to do anything, Ms. Tabor. If you don’t, you’ll bean outsider your whole life. But if you want to give up on Gareth, you don’t have to consider it.” 
“You’re talking nonsense.” Nicole was annoyed. After hearing Linda’s meaningless and hurtful words, Nicole wanted to destroy Linda. 
Linda suddenly laughed and said calmly, “Quickly go to the banquet. Carefully consider what will happen next and see how Elisa and Gareth interact. I’ll call you again late at night. I’m only givingyou one chance. If you still hold back and hesitate, we have nothing more to discuss in the future.” 
After that, Linda ended the call and didn’t give Nicole a chance to speak. 
A sneer was in the corner of Linda’s lips. Her eyes were devious as she played with her cell phone. 
“I’ve had enough of a world without justice. I have to see if Nicole really can do anything after this.” 
After that, she picked up her wine glass on the table and sipped. 
Across from her sat a man. It was her helper. Simply put, it was also the person keeping a close watch over Linda. It was that person’s subordinate.
The man glanced at Linda. “Why must you arrange such a display?” 
Linda turned to look at the man. “Can’t you tell that such arrangements will make her irritable and uncomfortable?”
###chapter1205
Chapter 1205
CHAPTER 1205 COULD I BRIBE HIM? 
The man furrowed his brows. “There’s no need to make her angry. What you want to do is difficult, and she might not be willing to cooperate with you. You should be doing it after you have a new identity.” 
“Will they treat me like a biological daughter after I adopt a new identity? My hands will be tied, so it would be better for Nicole to do it. She’s capable and smart. If she’s willing to play along, it will save us effort and lead to better results.” 
The man glanced at her coldly and said in a deep voice, “Then you better hide well. Let the servers handle today.” 
“Of course, I’m confident in your work.” Linda smiled effortlessly. She put her cell phone down and seemed to be in a great mood because there would be a series of wins after this! With Nicole at it, she could command and scheme behind the scenes, then slowly… 
When she thought about it, the animosity in her eyes increased. 
The man glanced at her indifferently and said calmly, “The boss has agreed to work with Nicole, but you must have things under control. Don’t make the boss angry. Otherwise, your consequences will be… Hmph.” 
The man sneered in the end and didn’t say anything else. 
But his snort expressed his thoughts. 
Linda couldn’t entirely control her expression. She looked at the man. “What I’m doing now aligns with the boss’ thoughts. Of course, I want to succeed.”
“It’s up to you to keep within the limits. But if you had any limits, things wouldn’t have become as they are now. You have to be prepared.” 
“You…!” 
Linda was suddenly so enraged she couldn’t say anything. It was mainly because this person was from the boss’ side. She didn’t dare to be too arrogant. Otherwise, she would be in bad shape. 
Moreover, she was about to go to a family of the boss’ subordinate. They wouldn’t treat her like an average person. They would only feel like she’s inferior and a failure. She wouldn’t be in a good situation. The only thing she could do now was to win the favor of these people. Otherwise, she would find herself in serious trouble. 
Linda took a deep breath and restrained her emotions. She said softly, “I understand. Don’t worry. I’ve failed once and paid a painful price. I know what to do and how to do it. You don’t have to worry.” 
The man didn’t say anything. Linda took another deep breath and tried her best to stabilize her emotions. But at the next moment, she seemed to have thought of something. She looked at the man before her with a complicated gaze. 
This man is actually… quite handsome. If I spend a night with him… Could I bribe him?Furthermore, he looks like he has actual power? 
After some time, she could tell Elisa had a thorny existence for the mysterious person. She felt that with Elisa around, everything that person did would fail. She wasn’t sure about the specifics, so she could only wait to see. 
So the person must have sent someone of more importance to monitor and work with her. Therefore, if she worked things out with this man, would she have a better way out in the future…?
When she thought about it, her gaze seemed to turn more flirtatious. After that, she slowly got up and walked to the man.
###chapter1206
Chapter 1206
CHAPTER 1206 HE WASN’T AROUND! 
The man was baffled as he suddenly heard her slightly coy voice. 
“Oliver…” 
Oliver Hagens’ expression suddenly froze, and he looked at Linda coldly. “What are you doing?” 
Linda was dumbstruck. 
Her intentions were clear, and any man would fall for it. But what was he doing? 
Is he clueless, or does he know but thinks I’m annoying?Since the boss sent someone to watch over me, the boss must not trust me. Did the boss look for someone trustworthy to monitor me? 
At that moment, Linda was suddenly unsure and felt a little panicked. 
But she felt bothered. She was resistant to the fact that her life was being manipulated. It was difficult for her to bear! 
She took a breath and smiled stiffly at the man. “It’s just the two of us. Why don’t we talk about something else?” 
Oliver suddenly sneered. “Put away your vile thoughts. It’s easy for me to get better women than you.” 
Linda was flabbergasted. 
Her face instantly paled and flushed! 
She never imagined this man would say something so nasty!
In any case, she was a beautiful woman with perfect body proportions. Furthermore, it would be her first time, but he shunned her?! 
Linda felt extremely humiliated! 
She wanted to fool around with this person, but he mocked her sarcastically. Who could take it?! 
“You… How can you say such things about me?!” 
Oliver glanced at her indifferently. “Put away your thoughts and work properly for the boss so you can be rewarded. Do you think that you can save yourself by seducing me? I despise all women!” 
Except for his boss, who was his queen! 
“You…” She didn’t know what else to say. 
What could she do even if she felt agitated? 
The man before her wasn’t fooled at all. She could only use a different way. 
But she thought it was the best idea between a man and a woman! 
Oliver couldn’t be bothered to look at her anymore. He got up and left. 
Linda immediately hit her legs in exasperation! 
It was mainly because she didn’t dare to hit the table. She feared the man would hear her losing her temper if it was too loud. 
By hitting herself, it would hurt and she would remember it! 
At the hotel.
At that moment, Elisa had changed her evening gown. After carrying her in, Gareth put her down with an icy expression. 
Elisa’s brows were furrowed. She said softly, “Please go out. I’m going to change.” 
Gareth glanced at her indifferently, “What happened just now?” 
“Four servers deliberately carried many filled wine glasses and bumped into us. I can’t tell if it was directed at me or Nicole.” 
Gareth frowned and said nothing as he turned to walk out. 
Ten minutes later. 
Nicole had cleaned herself up, and she walked out. 
At that moment, Nicole had changed into a new evening gown and resumed her previous elegance and nobility. 
However, her gaze subconsciously swept around after she came out. 
That man was too radiant, and Nicole could locate him with one glance. If she couldn’t, it meant he wasn’t around! 
As expected, Nicole didn’t see the man after looking around. Instead, she saw Elisa sitting alone on a couch in the corner.
###chapter1207
Chapter 1207
CHAPTER 1207 WHAT IS THE MOTIVE? 
Nicole took a breath. No. She wouldn’t get involved with Elisa this time! 
This woman was like poison. Running into her was terrible news. 
But Nicole glanced around and seemed to have thought of something. She looked around strangely again but still didn’t see the man. She waved to her assistant, who was far away. 
Her assistant came over quickly. Nicole asked softly, “Isn’t Will here?” 
“He is, but he seems to have gone upstairs. I don’t know if he went to look for the chairman.” 
Nicole nodded and said nothing. 
After a while, the banquet started officially. Old Mr. Tabor walked down slowly. 
Even at seventy years old, he was still in good health. He looked like he was in his fifties and didn’t need a cane. 
Everyone stopped chatting, and their gazes fell on Old Mr. Tabor. 
Two handsome young men stood at both sides. He had a gratified smile in the corner of his mouth. “Wickam and Darcey, are you seeing this? They’re both my grandsons!” 
The banquet was silent, so everyone heard it. 
Darren immediately scoffed. “You’re trying to snatch my grandson from me? Are you trying to get into a fight?” 
Although Old Mr. Tabor used to be in Southdale, his influence in Bayswe was equally great.
Old Mr. Darcey snorted coldly. “It’s not that I can’t give you my grandson, but you must give me your granddaughter. Come on, Ms. Tabor. Come to the Darcey family today.” 
“That won’t do! They’re all mine!” Old Mr. Tabor immediately furrowed his brows. “Today is my birthday, so I’m the boss. Everyone has to obey me!” 
As he spoke, his gaze fell on Gareth and Will. He smiled, “What do you think? Don’t you two think what I’m saying makes sense?” 
Will smiled. “Yes. It does.” 
“Haha. Look, Darcey. Your grandson is more sensible than you!” 
Old Mr. Darcey rolled his eyes. “I won’t argue with you since it’s your birthday today!” 
“Haha, let’s go. Sit down, everyone. Although it’s my birthday today, you mustn’t be too restrained.” 
After that, he walked down and went to his seat. 
Old Mr. Wickam and Darcey were naturally at his table. Those of higher status sat together. 
Everyone toasted each other pleasantly, and everything looked serene. 
Elisa wasn’t arranged to be at their table. 
Benett Corporation was indeed unworthy. 
Everything went well at the banquet, and nothing else happened. 
Nicole and Elisa had been on guard, but no problems occurred from the start until the end. The two felt it was slightly strange. What was the other party’s motive for the one ‘incident’ that had happened
earlier? What could that person gain by doing such a thing? 
The banquet ended in a typical fashion. This time, Elisa wanted to leave first. She didn’t want to be involved with Gareth. 
But she had just taken two steps when a voice suddenly called out to her. She had no choice but to stop. 
“Liz.” 
When she heard the voice, Elisa turned and realized Old Mr. Wickam was looking and waving in her direction. 
Elisa was confused, but she walked to Old Mr. Wickam. 
The people beside Old Mr. Wickam also gazed at her. 
At that moment, Gareth stood beside Old Mr. Wickam and looked at Elisa. 
Furthermore, Old Mr. Darcey and Will were also coincidentally there. 
Even though Elisa didn’t like the current situation, she asked politely, “Is there something I can help you with?”
###chapter1208
Chapter 1208
CHAPTER 1208 ARGUING AT THE DINNER BANQUET 
Old Mr. Wickam smiled at Elisa. "It's so late, and it's dangerous for a girl like you to go home alone. Let Gareth send you home." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She never thought Old Mr. Wickam would say such a thing in front of so many people. 
However, before she could say anything, Old Mr. Darcey said, "Hey, Gareth has been out and about the whole day. He has to rest. My dumb brat hasn't done anything the whole day. Let him send you!" 
Elisa was flabbergasted. 
Will looked at Elisa and smiled. "It would be my honor." 
Old Mr. Wickam immediately smiled and shook his head. "How could I trouble you to send our Liz? This dumb punk didn't do anything today, either. He can send her home. I saw that Will signed a huge contract today and has many projects. How could you tire Will?" 
After that, Old Mr. Wickam deliberately turned to look at Gareth with a straight face. "What are you waiting for?" 
Gareth was bewildered. 
"How can that be? He's used to doing such things. How can he be tired? Furthermore, since when
does Liz belong to your family? Don't trick me, Wickam!" 
"When have I tricked you? Liz has been in our family all along. You've forgotten that my wife made it clear during her birthday that Liz is part of our family!" 
"Oh, so she was acknowledging Liz as her biological granddaughter." Old Mr. Darcey instantly nodded understandingly. "That means that she's siblings with your grandson." 
Old Mr. Darcey seemed to have finally found a loophole. He was pleased when he spoke. 
Before Old Mr. Darcey could think of anything else, Old Mr. Wickam immediately retorted, "Who said that?! They don't have the same parents!" 
Elisa took a slight breath. Her cheeks were feeling slightly hot since these two people of high status were asking their grandsons to send her home in front of so many people. 
When she saw that Old Mr. Darcey was about to say something else, she immediately said, "It's alright. I can go home myself. Moreover, I drove here." 
"How can you do that?! It's too late now. What if you bump into delinquents?" Old Mr. Wickam retorted quickly. It was a far cry from his usual solemn demeanor at home. 
At that moment, Elisa was slightly baffled. 
Everyone else around them felt that things were happening too quickly. 
Didn't Old Mr. Wickam dislike Elisa in the past? But what's going on now? He likes her so much that
he's publicly contradicting himself. He doesn't even care that other people are around. Has Elisa become such a vital presence? 
After all, the audio recording of Old Mr. Wickam having a high regard for Nicole was spread back then. But now… 
The two elderly men didn't mention Nicole at Old Mr. Tabor's birthday banquet. Instead, they were arguing over Elisa… Although the dinner banquet ended, people were still around. 
Many people subconsciously looked in Old Mr. Tabor's direction. Sure enough, someone noticed that Old Mr. Tabor had a nasty expression. 
Upon looking in Nicole's direction, they realized she wasn't around anymore. 
No one knew if she had other things to do or if she felt humiliated by remaining in such a situation. 
Elisa's head hurt a little. She didn't care what others thought and immediately said, "It's fine. Thank you both for your concern, but I'm alright. I have something to do, so I'll be leaving."
###chapter1209
Chapter 1209
CHAPTER 1209 NOTHING ELSE WOULD HAPPEN 
Elisa's footsteps didn't stop. 
Old Mr. Wickam immediately looked at Gareth. "It's not safe at night. Quickly send her home. Otherwise, your grandmother will start worrying if she finds out." 
Gareth pursed his lips and said nothing as he walked out. 
Old Mr. Darcey immediately snorted coldly. "You're good, Wickam!" 
Darren smiled at once. "You said it. In any case, they were husband and wife in the past. No matter what, they are a good match. What do you think, Darcey?" 
Old Mr. Darcey smiled insincerely. "I only know about compatibility." 
Since they were divorced, it meant that they were unsuitable for each other. Old Mr. Darcey didn't say it, but his intentions were clear. 
Darren instantly opened his mouth and took a breath. He feigned anger and looked at Old Mr. Darcey. "Hey, how dare you say such a thing in front of me?! If you can't accept it, let's go out and fight!" 
"Let's go. I've been practicing punching and kicking at home daily. No one dares to fight with me. This is a good chance for us to fight." 
Will had no interest in standing on the spot and left silently. 
But the surrounding people who were paying attention to them realized that Will had gone in the direction that Elisa had left. 
Many were interested in being onlookers, so they went out in succession. 
Because they also wanted to know the results of the two men fighting over one woman. 
When Will went out, Elisa and Gareth happened to be standing before Elisa's car. The door of the driver's seat was open, but Elisa was standing and didn't enter. The way she was standing was blocking Gareth as if stopping him from going in. 
Elisa furrowed her brows and stared at the man in front of her. But when she opened her mouth to say something, she turned and noticed Will's figure. Her gaze froze. 
Gareth noticed it and also looked over. His gaze instantly grew colder. 
Will's lips twitched, and his gaze fell on Elisa. He smiled and said, "It isn't safe for you to leave alone after all." 
Gareth looked at Will coldly. "You don't have to bother about such things, Mr. Darcey." 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
Hadn't the elderly men's conversation in the banquet ended? Why were their two grandsons going at it again?! 
When she felt that Gareth was distracted by Will, she immediately got into the car, shut the door, started the engine, locked the doors, and engaged the gear… 
'Whoosh' 
The car shot out. Elisa's car was far away from them in the blink of an eye. 
The two men looked away in succession. 
Will narrowed his eyes. "It seems things aren't what the rumors say they are." 
Gareth's gaze narrowed as well. "You should know full well whether they are, Mr. Darcey." 
Will smiled. "Yes, I do." 
Gareth looked at him coldly and said nothing before he turned to leave. 
The onlookers were suddenly slightly disappointed… 
Because they feared the two's power, they didn't dare to come forward at all. Therefore, they stood looking from afar and couldn't hear what the two said at all… 
The show ended so quickly. Many felt it was a pity… 
Upon seeing Will leave as well, everyone silently sighed in exasperation. They knew there was nothing else that would happen. 
Almost everyone had left the banquet. 
Old Mr. Tabor had initially been in a good mood. But when it ended, he had a nasty expression because the two elderly men had suddenly started arguing.
###chapter1210
Chapter 1210
CHAPTER 1210 WHAT IF YOU SUCCEED? 
Nicole was sitting beside him with an awful expression as well. She hung her head and didn't look at anything. If this was in the past, everyone might have stayed to chat after the birthday banquet ended. 
But now… 
The atmosphere was highly depressing. 
Old Mr. Tabor looked at Nicole. "You've seen Old Mr. Wickam's attitude. He has no intentions of wanting a marriage union with the Tabor family at all. Don't tell me you still want to persevere?" 
Nicole's lashes fluttered slightly. She would be bothered if she couldn't be with Gareth. 
She didn't want to see Gareth and Elisa get together in the end! 
Upon seeing her slow to speak, Old Mr. Tabor suddenly felt exasperated. "You've seen what happened today, and you saw the two of them fight for a woman for their grandsons before me. They didn't even mention you. Girl, can't you tell what's going on?" 
Old Mr. Tabor intended for her to marry Gareth in the past, but not anymore. 
He didn't have such thoughts for a long time. 
Gareth had no feelings for Nicole, and Old Mr. Tabor didn't want his granddaughter to suffer. 
But… 
His granddaughter…! 
Ah… 
Old Mr. Tabor was exasperated. Although marriage was important, she couldn't continue in such a situation. Gareth had no feelings for Nicole. If this went on, she would only suffer. 
Even if Gareth was willing to be with Nicole for profit someday, Old Mr. Tabor might disapprove because his granddaughter would be the one to suffer in unrequited love! 
Old Mr. Tabor had said it countless times, but Nicole didn't give up, which frustrated him. 
He sighed heavily in exasperation. Nicole's eyes flickered, and she couldn't help but say softly, "Grandpa, I know you're doing it for my own good, but… I can't help my feelings for him. I… I really like him…" 
Nicole's voice was slightly weak. She seemed apprehensive in front of Old Mr. Tabor, and she knew how much her grandfather sacrificed and worried for her. 
She didn't want her family to worry for her, but… but… 
Nicole gripped the corner of her clothes tightly and pursed her lips. She couldn't go on. 
Old Mr. Tabor sighed in frustration again. In the end, he got up. "Ah… Think about it. After what happened today, I hope you can see that he isn't a good match for you. After some time, the obsession
in your heart will only grow." 
Nicole bit her lips and said nothing because she didn't know what to say. 
Old Mr. Tabor didn't say anything either. He returned to his bedroom to rest. 
The gazes of Nicole's parents fell on her. When Nicole's father saw his daughter's internal torment and pain, he got up and patted her shoulder. "I support your decision no matter what. If you like him, pursue him wholeheartedly." 
Nicole instantly raised her head in astonishment and looked at her father. She opened her mouth and said shyly, "Dad… you…? You really support me?" 
Nicole's father smiled, and his kind gaze fell on her. "We often can't control our feelings and who we like. I understand it. You're still young. Whatever it is, you can experience it. Perhaps you will learn how to let go when it hurts. But there's also a possibility. What if you succeed?"
###chapter1211
Chapter 1211
CHAPTER 1211 THE TALENTED HAVE MORE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Nicole's lashes fluttered again, and her gaze was intertwined with endless disbelief. She never thought that her dad would be the most supportive at this time. The hesitation in her heart suddenly disappeared. She looked at her father and nodded solemnly. "I understand, Dad. Thank you!" 
If she liked Gareth and persisted, she believed the day would come! 
Everything would work out! 
Just as she was thinking about it, she felt happier. 
As for Nicole's mother, she said nothing. She sighed in frustration and got up. 
… 
An hour later, Elisa arrived home and went into the bathroom. 
It had been a chaotic day. Elisa wanted to shower and rest. 
She never thought that her cell phone would vibrate incessantly before she could finish drying her hair. She had taken her cell phone with her. 
It was Rachel's cell phone number. Elisa had earphones, so it wouldn't affect the conversation even if she was blow-drying her hair.
She blow-dried her hair and asked, "What's up?" 
"I miss you, so I called to chat." Although Rachel said such, Elisa could clearly hear the deceit in Rachel's voice. Elisa almost called her a busybody. 
Elisa raised her brows. "Tell me. What's up?" 
Elisa understood her best friend too well. Elisa even understood Rachel's sigh. 
Rachel laughed mischievously. "I heard all about what happened at the banquet today." 
Elisa snorted in response. She knew Rachel had called because of this. 
Rachel's gaze was excited. "Babe, you're amazing! Old Mr. Darcey and Wickam like you so much. They even fought publicly before the Tabor family for you to be their granddaughter-in-law. You're so popular now!" 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She didn't know what to say. Rachel had always liked to talk about such things. 
Rachel couldn't help but say, "But you've always been popular. Now that these two elderly men with important positions are fighting for you to be their granddaughter-in-law, everyone will think you're amazing!" 
The corners of Elisa's mouth twitched. "If you have the time to gossip, you might as well study legal statutes meticulously." 
"Ah… I have to memorize those things. Do you think I have such good memory… Liz, this is a painful topic!" 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh. At that moment, it was as though she could see Rachel's sad expression through the cell phone. 
"Ah… I just feel like there will be more trouble in your life. Nicole really likes Gareth and always treats you like a rival. But she was ignored at her grandfather's birthday banquet as the host. Nicole must be furious." 
Elisa was still blow-drying her hair. She said calmly, "I can't control this. Let nature take its course." 
"Although that's the case… you must be careful, Liz. Linda isn't dead, and many days have passed. Perhaps she's up to some new tricks! You must be prepared!" 
Elisa answered, "Alright." 
"Ah… Do so many people envy you because you're so outstanding? Ah, babe. Is this what they mean when they say talented people have more responsibilities!"
###chapter1212
Chapter 1212
CHAPTER 1212 ARE YOU HOME? I’LL COME TO LOOK FOR YOU 
Elisa pursed her lips and said nothing. She continued blow-drying her hair while Rachel scrolled through Twitter, bored. She looked at it for a while and felt it was uninteresting. Elisa was just done blow-drying her hair and kept the hairdryer. She took out her earphones and turned on the loudspeaker. 
"Aren't you resting?" 
"What time is it? I can't fall asleep." Rachel's voice was slightly worried. 
Elisa instinctively knew something was wrong and asked, "What's up?" 
Rachel sighed. "It's nothing. I'm just a little fed up with life." 
The more she spoke, the more Elisa felt that something was wrong. Elisa asked again, "Do you want to talk about it?" 
"Ah… I'm just too depressed." Rachel's voice was slightly embarrassed. It seemed like she wasn't even in the mood to scroll through Twitter. 
"What on earth happened?" 
Rachel's gaze turned complicated, and her expression was indescribably red from embarrassment. But she mostly found it hard to talk about it. 
She never thought that she would experience such a thing. She was about to fall apart! 
She tried calming herself for a few days to feel normal again. 
"Rach?" 
Elisa called out because Rachel didn't answer her from the start until the end. 
Rachel immediately came to her senses. "Ah…?" 
The next moment, Rachel sighed and said with frustration, "I will tell you, but you can't laugh at me." 
"How could I do that? And when have I ever done that?" 
"I… I…" Rachel was at a loss for a moment. While Elisa was waiting, Rachel finally said, "I'm no longer a maiden!" 
Elisa's gaze froze. In an instant, she didn't know what to say. It seemed like she was still thinking about what Rachel meant. 
Rachel's initial nervousness grew when she didn't hear a reply. She immediately asked, "Did… you hear what I said? Is the reception bad?" 
She might not have cared about what others thought. She cared most about how her friends and family viewed her. She had never told anyone about this, and Elisa was the first. She felt more nervous. 
Elisa looked at her cell phone. "You mean…?" 
Rachel's figure was slightly stiff, but she sighed and said, "I slept with a man…" 
Elisa's gaze immediately froze. "Who was it? Was it consensual?" 
She had to make things clear in such a situation. 
Elisa had to get revenge for Rachel if her best friend was forced. If not, Elisa would ask Rachel if she was in love. 
Rachel took a breath. "We drank a lot, and then it happened in a muddle. The two of us didn't mean for it to happen." 
Elisa was perplexed. 
She was feeling slightly stupefied at that moment. Rachel seemed conflicted talking about it. Elisa asked again, "Who is he?" 
She might not have asked too much out of respect if it was someone else, but Rachel was different. Elisa wanted to protect her best friend. 
Rachel opened her mouth but suddenly didn't know how to say it. It seemed difficult for her to say that man's name. 
After a moment's pause, Rachel swore. "I freaking…" 
After that, she controlled herself. Instead, she raised her right hand restlessly and scratched her head. 
"I'm so jittery!" 
Elisa could also feel it and immediately said, "Are you home? I'll come to look for you."
###chapter1213
Chapter 1213
CHAPTER 1213 I MUST HAVE BEEN BLIND TO TAKE PITY ON HER! 
Rachel was touched but said, "It's alright. Why should you come and look for me so late at night? I'm fine." 
Elisa ignored her. She held her cell phone and went downstairs. "Wait for me. I'll be there soon. I'll bring you a midnight snack too." 
"No, I…" 
Before Rachel could finish speaking, Elisa ended the call. 
Elisa was already at Rachel's house the next time they communicated. 
Furthermore, Elisa had two bags of snacks in her hands. One had burgers in it, and the other had fries. 
Rachel's worried expression immediately dissipated when she saw the food. She said in astonishment, "Wow! You brought me food! I love you so much!" 
When Rachel said it, she had taken the bags from Elisa. She put them on the dining table before opening them individually. 
Elisa changed her shoes and walked in. After washing her hands, she sat before the dining table and watched Rachel cut the burger up with her full attention. 
She wasn't in a rush to speak. Rachel didn't bring it up, either. 
Elisa helped Rachel cut her burger. 
Rachel ate happily and was satisfied. It was as if she had no more worries. Rachel was touched but said, "It's alright. Why should you come and look for me so late at night? I'm fine." 
When she was full and could eat no more, she dusted off the crumbs, burped, and said, "Amazing! It's been a long time since I've eaten so happily!" 
Elisa didn't say anything. She only stared at the person before her. 
Rachel noticed her gaze and finally sighed. "Ah… I know you want to ask who the person is, but… I can't say it aloud. I freaking…" 
She suddenly didn't know how to continue. 
Elisa could tell that Rachel couldn't say the man's name. Upon further inspection, Elisa also noticed the confusion and… hesitation intertwined in Rachel's eyes. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly. She wasn't in a rush to investigate who the man was. She decided to start from the beginning. "How did it happen?" 
Rachel's gaze was slightly distracted. She said, "It's been around a week. One day, a distant relative called me and needed my help with something, so she asked to meet in a bar." 
Elisa listened earnestly and didn't intend to interrupt. 
Rachel was slowly immersed in her memories. "She's a distant cousin whose family isn't in good condition. I always thought she was a pitiful girl because her parents divorced when she was young. She's been living with her grandmother since she was young. But I must have been blind to take pity on her!" 
Rachel's voice was clearly filled with hatred. 
Elisa wrinkled her brows slightly and said nothing. 
"That day, she ordered a drink for me and told me many of her painful stories. She also said she was in a tight spot and needed my help. But the more we spoke, the giddier I felt, like I drank a lot. The alcohol was strong, and the aftereffects were extreme!" 
Elisa furrowed her brows tightly. She strongly doubted if the alcohol had strong aftereffects or if there was something wrong with the alcohol. 
It didn't make sense to her as she listened to Rachel's tone. 
Rachel restrained her emotions and said, "I felt something was fishy after that. She said she would take me to rest, so I followed her into a room in a daze. In the end, I realized that… a man was next to me when I woke up the next day, and I was naked! My body ached, and I felt unwell!"
###chapter1214
Chapter 1214
CHAPTER 1214 THE MAN ON THE BED 
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly. She had some questions but thought about it and said nothing while waiting for Rachel to continue. 
Rachel raised her hands and covered her head. She was frantic. "I was in a daze at the time. Although I've never experienced it, I've heard of things, and I immediately knew that I freaking… slept with the man!" 
Her voice was slightly peculiar at the end. She wanted to scream her lungs out and relieve her stress, but she didn't dare to. If others heard it, her reputation would be ruined. 
Rachel couldn't help but take a deep breath. She shut her eyes while using one hand to massage her temples which were twitching incessantly. She said in frustration, "I don't know what to do. I don't dare to face that man now. I…" 
Elisa stared at her. "What happened after you woke up that day?" 
Rachel's lashes fluttered slightly, and her lips squirmed. She didn't know what to say. 
Elisa didn't continue asking and waited for Rachel to speak. Since Rachel had spoken about the specifics of what had happened, she would slowly tell Elisa who the man was. 
Rachel sighed. "After I awoke, my movements might have awoken him. He was also in a daze when he opened his eyes and saw me. At the time…" Elisa's gaze flickered slightly. She had some questions but thought about it and said nothing while
waiting for Rachel to continue. 
Rachel's memories slowly returned to that time. 
… 
The moment the man awoke, he felt that something wasn't right. When he turned and saw Rachel's dumbfounded and frantic expression, he immediately cried out in surprise, "What the heck! Why are you in my bed?!" 
Rachel came to her senses and took a breath furiously. "Who is in your bed? Look at where we are!" 
The man looked around casually. He knew it was a hotel with one glance at the layout. 
"What the heck!" The man sat up, and the exquisite upper half of his body was instantly revealed. Rachel panicked because the covers were pulled away, so she pressed them close. She didn't want to expose her bare self. 
But… because the covers were pulled away, the man saw her delicate collarbone and caught a faint glimpse below. In an instant, yesterday night's memories flooded his mind. The man suddenly had a complicated expression! 
He never thought that yesterday night… he and Rachel would… 
The man's brows wrinkled tighter! 
Rachel bit her lips. "I don't know what happened. After drinking last night, I was confused and disoriented, so my cousin led me here to rest. Why did you come in?!" 
"D*mn! How the heck do I know how I came in?" The man's eyes were filled with impatience and uneasiness. He wasn't spooked by Rachel's question but by what had happened between them last night. 
Rachel took a breath. Her cheeks were hot. She couldn't be bothered about anything else. She grabbed the covers and wrapped herself in them before running to the bathroom. 
"Oh my god! Let go of the freaking covers!" Because the covers were pulled away, the man was left lying on the bed. Everything could almost be seen clearly. 
However, Rachel didn't even turn around because she didn't dare to look at the man on the bed. She knew that he must have nothing on. 
The man sat up uneasily and grabbed his hair. But when he turned, he realized fresh blood was on the bed! 
After experiencing such encounters, how could he not know what the blood on the bed represented?! 
At that moment, his expression seemed to darken!
###chapter1215
Chapter 1215
CHAPTER 1215 I DON’T WANT TO TALK TO HIM 
"That's about it. I didn't dare to come out after I went into the bathroom. I only did so after the man left…" 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "So, how did he come in that day?" 
"I don't know. He didn't tell me. But it's impossible that he schemed or wanted to do such things with me. It must have been a coincidence." 
"Did you call your cousin after that?" 
"Yes, but she said she didn't know. She said she left after booking a room for me. She apologized and said everything was safe, but I don't believe her!" 
"Did she tell you why she was looking for you that day?" 
"Yes. My cousin needs money and wants me to lend her some, but I feel something is wrong. This has something to do with her. In any case, I drink often. How could I have drunk too much?! Moreover, I'm not the type to get dizzy and light-headed. I usually won't get hungover the next day from drinking too much. Don't you think it's strange?!" 
Elisa's brows furrowed tightly, and she stayed silent. 
Rachel gritted her teeth and said, "I thought she would probe and ask me certain things, but my cousin is smart. She said nothing. She really beat me! I have no evidence!" 
"That's about it. I didn't dare to come out after I went into the bathroom. I only did so after the man left…" 
Upon hearing Rachel was much more agitated than just now, Elisa said, "Calm down first." 
Rachel took a deep breath and shut her eyes. She said nothing as she tried hard to calm herself. 
After a while, she raised her hands and covered both sides of her head. She hung her head, and her hair covered her confused face. 
"I'm feeling very bothered now." 
Elisa looked at her and said softly, "We have to investigate. Who on earth is he?" 
When Elisa said it, she rose and walked to Rachel's study room. 
Rachel immediately got up and followed. When she saw Elisa opening her laptop, Rachel asked, "What do you want to investigate?" 
"Your cousin. Give me her cell phone number." 
Rachel immediately turned on her cell phone and read out her cousin's cell phone number. 
Elisa's hands started tapping away on the laptop. 
Soon, Elisa discovered who her cousin had contacted in the past two days. 
At the same time, she discovered the man who had entered Rachel's room. 
And that man… 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly. 
Rachel's expression changed, and she ultimately sighed. "As expected of you…" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She had only wanted to help Rachel investigate who had arranged for such a thing, but she found out who the man was. 
"He came in with a room card," Elisa said softly. 
Rachel bit her lips, and she felt that something wasn't right. She shook her head. "It can't be. He hates me so much. How could he be in the same room as me? And we…" 
Rachel couldn't continue. 
"I still have to investigate. You can ask him what on earth happened that day." 
Rachel said awkwardly, "I don't want to talk to him." 
Elisa sighed in silence. She knew how Rachel felt. 
At that moment, she didn't say anything. Instead, she continued to investigate what had happened that day. 
However… 
Elisa had one less thing to worry about when she found out who the man was. It was just a shame. Rach had been a maiden… 
She would now have something else to worry about.
###chapter1216
Chapter 1216
CHAPTER 1216 NOT AS FIERCE AS BEFORE 
Rachel couldn't help but sigh heavily. An unusual sadness was intertwined deep in her eyes. 
"I don't know what to do, Liz. I didn't want to hide it from you. I just… couldn't say it aloud. After all, we have grudges between us. I thought we would be enemies for the rest of our lives, but something like this happened. I…" 
Rachel didn't know how to finish. 
Elisa's hands tapping on the keyboard slowly stopped, and her gaze fell on Rachel. 
"What's done is done. The only thing we can do is to see if we missed out on something and be vigilant. Rach, I know you must feel bad, but… you have to find a way to accept it. As for your relationship with him…" 
Elisa didn't finish speaking. 
These were their private feelings, after all. Elisa couldn't say too much. 
Rachel suddenly gritted her teeth. "How can I be with him?! This is just a misunderstanding!" 
"Didn't he look for you again?" Elisa gazed at Rachel. 
Rachel pursed her lips and said, "He's called me a few times, but I never answered. I don't know how to face him." 
Rachel couldn't help but sigh heavily. An unusual sadness was intertwined deep in her eyes. After all, Rachel didn't know what to do after such an awkward thing had happened. 
Elisa sighed. "You have to answer and at least hear him out, whether it was a scheme against you or him. Furthermore, such a thing happened between you both. You must find out how this benefits the person behind the scenes and their motives. If it's targeted at you, you have to be on guard. If it's targeting him, you have to be more cautious. Since the other party targeted you, they may do it again." 
His enemies might be more troublesome than Rachel's. She needed to be on her guard. 
Rachel pursed her lips and kept quiet. 
It was evident that she knew what Elisa meant. 
However… when she thought about speaking to that man, she felt particularly uneasy. 
But… before she could say anything, her cell phone suddenly rang. Rachel immediately said uneasily, "It must be that jerk!" 
After that, she gritted her teeth when she saw the caller ID. "Sure enough, it's him!" 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly, and she said in a low voice, "Answer it and hear him out." 
"But…" 
"Your safety is more important." Elisa had a grave expression and didn't want to let Rachel cower. 
Rachel hesitated for a moment and finally nodded. "Alright. I'll answer it." 
Just like that, Rachel took a breath and picked up but said nothing. She just answered the call. 
The other party immediately said, "You finally answered!" 
The nervousness in his voice was noticeable. It was different from his usual nonchalance. 
"Why are you looking for me?" Rachel's voice was low. Elisa sat at one side and said nothing. 
At that moment, Rachel had her loudspeaker on. That way, Elisa could hear and analyze it. It was more direct than Rachel telling Elisa about it. 
After that, the other party's voice rang. "I've asked people to investigate what happened that time. I also investigated what happened on your end." 
Rachel furrowed her brows and said calmly, "And then." 
After what had happened, Rachel seemed to be a lot calmer toward the man. He thought she wasn't as fierce as before.
###chapter1217
Chapter 1217
CHAPTER 1217 GO MAD FROM RAGE! 
She was now colder. This attitude made the man feel slightly flustered. 
He didn't want her to misunderstand, so he immediately said, "Someone schemed against me. I can't tell you my situation in detail, but no witchcraft happened on your end. Due to an unexpected turn of events, I took the wrong room card and entered the wrong room. The person who was going to lay their hands on you didn't go in." 
Rachel's expression suddenly changed. She glanced at Elisa and saw Elisa silent. Rachel asked, "Who is the person who was going to lay their hands on me?" 
"It's the person your distant cousin is fooling around with. She had nasty thoughts and wanted to get money out of him, so she deceived you." 
Rachel's expression immediately turned nasty! 
She knew her cousin was up to no good! 
Her cousin had just acted flawlessly! 
"Can you find evidence?" 
The other party immediately said, "There are audio recordings." 
At that moment, even the man didn't notice that he had a fawning tone. 
"Can you send me evidence you have on my end?" 
"Sure." 
"What on earth happened on your side? Was our encounter just a misunderstanding?" 
The other party paused. "Yes…" She was now colder. This attitude made the man feel slightly flustered. 
"I understand." Rachel wanted to hang up, and the other party clearly noticed it. He immediately said, "Hold on." 
Rachel's finger paused as if to give him time. 
The other party sighed and said softly, "Although what happened this time was an accident, this is your first time after all…" 
Before he could finish speaking, Rachel's expression suddenly changed, and she immediately said, "Let's talk about this next time. I'm going to hang up." 
After that, Rachel ended the call. Her deathly pale face seemed to blush slightly. She clearly felt somewhat embarrassed because of this. 
Elisa's gaze flickered, and she seemed to understand something. 
Through this incident, she could tell that something was strange between them. 
But she didn't mention it. 
Rachel said, "Even though we don't get along, I know he wasn't lying just now." 
Elisa nodded. "Your encounter was a coincidence. It's better than people on his side scheming against you." 
"I'm not his weak spot. How could they scheme against me?" Rachel didn't notice the scorn that flashed across her eyes. 
Elisa sized Rachel up and kept quiet. 
After a few minutes, Rachel's cell phone suddenly rang. 
The man had sent her a message. 
"He's sent the evidence. There are audio recordings and a few photos." 
Elisa nodded. "Play it." 
"Alright." 
The recorded audio was played. 
The man and woman's voices in the recording immediately played. 
There were two recordings. 
The first was a transaction between two people. The woman said she would introduce the man to a good girl, and he would pay her. 
In the second, the man was furious and felt that he had been tricked. He didn't find the so-called room card, and there was no girl. The woman was bickering with him but finally explained and apologized at once when she saw that the man was getting angry. 
Rachel gritted her teeth in a fury. "Although we aren't that close, I'm her cousin. Is this what she did to me?! How can she be like that?!" 
Rachel was about to go mad from her rage! 
Elisa immediately consoled her. "Calm down." 
"I can't freaking take it anymore! If not for her, how would I be…" 
She couldn't continue speaking. 
When Rachel thought of what had happened between her and that man…!
###chapter1218
Chapter 1218
CHAPTER 1218 SEE WHAT I’LL DO TO HER! 
"I understand." Elisa sighed lightly. She naturally understood her best friend's thoughts but said, "You and Vincent… should talk if you have the time." 
That's right… The man was Vincent. It was something that particularly repulsed Rachel. 
Rachel immediately retorted, "What is there to talk about?! It's come to this, and I don't want to talk to him! It was my first time! D*mn! I gave it away to a scum!" 
Rachel's voice sounded slightly despairing. She complained again, "Other people's first time may be beautiful, but I only freaking remember my backache! It's my fault! I was too careless! I really want to kill her!" 
She wanted to kill her cousin, who had set her up. 
But… Rachel didn't say that she secretly felt slightly glad yet afraid that it was Vincent who had entered that day. 
What if… 
It had been an old man who had come in… 
Elisa sighed softly. At this time, she didn't know how to console Rachel. Rachel had also gone through her saddest phase. Elisa felt slightly regretful. She had been swamped recently, so she hadn't been in much contact with Rachel, and she didn't notice something wrong with Rachel. 
Otherwise, she could have at least kept Rachel company when Rachel was at her lowest. 
Elisa looked at Rachel sitting on the chair and holding her cell phone with a complicated expression. Elisa held Rachel's hand. "Calm down. Since it has happened, you have to face it." 
Comforting words were useless. Elisa hoped that Rachel could recover and not let her imagination run wild. 
Rachel waved casually. "Ah, I'm still a dignified woman. I don't care. When I meet someone who loves me in the future, I'm sure he won't care! Whatever!" 
She seemed like she didn't care and was at ease. 
But Elisa knew that she felt restless. If she really didn't care, how would she not have fooled around with men all these years? Rachel was clearly a beautiful girl and had many pursuers over the years. She would have done it with a young man earlier if she didn't care. 
There was no need for her to be like that. 
By doing so, Rachel only wanted Elisa not to worry. 
Elisa didn't say anything and nodded. "I will investigate this for you." 
Rachel pursed her lips. "It's fine. Vincent knows what to do. If his enemies want to use me to threaten me, they're too dumb. As for my end, I'll deal with my cousin!" 
"Hmm?" Elisa looked at her. "What do you plan to do?" 
"I can't sue her even if there is evidence, can I? I don't want to do it, even if it's just for my reputation. Furthermore, I'm still a respectable lady. I don't care! But since she dares to do such a thing to me, I need to get back at her! Otherwise, I can't take it!" 
Elisa's gaze froze. "Be careful. Since she has plotted against you, it's only natural for her to be devious. Don't be at a disadvantage. Tell me if you want to deal with her." 
Rachel suddenly smiled. She patted Elisa with her right hand and said confidently, "It's alright. I know about my cousin's family situation. She can't beat me. Don't worry! See what I'll do to her in the end!"
###chapter1219
Chapter 1219
CHAPTER 1219 VERY HURTFUL 
Elisa furrowed her brows. She was still worried. 
"Alright, alright. Since you're visiting me today, let's not discuss these unhappy matters. What's past is past. I don't want to talk about it anymore." 
Elisa nodded and said nothing. 
Rachel looked at Elisa and said, "By the way, don't tell them what happened… They will only worry if you do. And I…" 
Elisa nodded understandingly. "Alright. I won't say anything." 
This wasn't something Rach was proud of. She wasn't as carefree as she seemed. 
This must have hurt her a lot. 
… 
On the other end. 
After Vincent sent the message, he kept holding onto his cell phone. He occasionally sat on the couch and glanced at his cell phone but received no reply. He felt indescribably restless. 
He threw his cell phone on the couch in the end. 
Jeremy looked at him with a faint smile. "Are you upset that your sweetheart hasn't replied?" 
"What sweetheart?!" Vincent retorted without thinking. His eyes were displeased, and he looked uneasy from being caught in the act. 
Jeremy glanced at him indifferently and said calmly, "Since you don't like her, why must you be so restless and keep waiting for her message?" 
"It's because that thing happened that day! Do you think I would pay so much attention if we didn't have relations?!" 
"You've investigated this matter. Someone else would have done it to Rachel if it wasn't you. No matter what, she couldn't escape this. So what do you have to feel guilty about?" 
Vincent's heart immediately thumped! 
It wasn't because Jeremy's words had pointed something out to him. He thought about how he couldn't accept it if another man had done such a thing to Rachel! 
Vincent's brows instantly furrowed tightly at that moment, and his expression was nasty. 
He gripped his fist tightly and said nothing. 
Jeremy raised his brows and seemed to have guessed what Vincent was thinking. Jeremy said with a faint smile, "Why? Is it harder for you to accept if it was someone else?" 
Vincent was dumbfounded. 
He didn't know what to say now. 
Jeremy looked at him calmly. "You should really acknowledge your feelings now. Do you want to take responsibility for her?" 
"So what if I do? She doesn't want to talk about it at all. She's completely dumped me without a second thought. Am I infectious?" 
"Pfft." Ridicule flickered across Jeremy's eyes. 
Vincent furrowed his brows. "What does your expression mean?!" 
"Looking at you now, you look like a…" 
Vincent's brows wrinkled tightly. "Like what?" 
"Like an abandoned and dissatisfied wife." 
"What the heck!" Vincent's expression darkened, and anger was displayed in her eyes! "That's so freaking outrageous!" 
Jeremy looked at him indifferently. "This is what I sensed. It might be too late if you still don't acknowledge your feelings." 
Vincent gritted his teeth and was about to say something impatiently, but Jeremy interrupted him.
"Things are now different between the two of you. You must know she will only hate and ignore you if you don't declare your feelings now. Do you know what's the outcome of that?" 
Vincent frowned and said nothing. He was clearly waiting for Jeremy to continue.
###chapter1220
Chapter 1220
CHAPTER 1220 FACING YOUR CONSCIENCE 
Jeremy said calmly, "You've been trying to explain to her and call her for the past few days. This is okay as a start. But if you ignore her after you're done explaining, you have to know that she will only get more disappointed with you. You used to merely bicker in the past. But after experiencing such a thing, it's different. You should understand it." 
Vincent's lashes fluttered, and he said nothing. It was clear that Vincent heard what Jeremy said. 
Jeremy said calmly, "Since it has come to this, you should consider it." 
Vincent still didn't say anything, as if he was pondering. He paused and picked up his cell phone but still didn't see a reply. 
Vincent rubbed his hand across his forehead restlessly before standing up. 
When Jeremy saw Vincent taking his car keys and leaving, Jeremy asked, "Are you going to look for her?" 
"Mm. I'm going to make things clear to Rachel in person." 
"Why?" Jeremy stood up as well as though he intended to stop Vincent. 
Vincent's footsteps stopped, and he looked at Jeremy. "I'll feel very jittery now if I don't clarify things." 
"I don't think you need to go if you're going to argue with her." 
Vincent was flabbergasted. 
Jeremy continued, "You might not be able to take it if she makes sarcastic comments and biting remarks. The current cool-down period is better than arguing with her." 
Vincent was dumbstruck. 
What Jeremy said made sense. Vincent didn't know how to deal with it. 
He now stood on the spot without moving, feeling confused. 
Ultimately, Vincent couldn't hold back and said, "I still want to go. Otherwise, my heart will feel uncomfortable." 
He only said such and left before Jeremy could respond. 
Jeremy didn't say anything or stop Vincent. He let Vincent go. 
Jeremy had said what he needed to. Vincent had his own considerations as well. 
Whether Vincent could succeed and how things would end was up to him. 
The night became darker. 
Rachel and Elisa had showered and were planning to sleep. 
Rachel wanted Elisa to sleep in her bedroom tonight. 
But they never imagined… 
Before they could lie down, Rachel's doorbell suddenly rang. 
Rachel was slightly suspicious. "Who is it?" 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. "I'm going to take a look." 
Rachel was anxious and worried that someone had done it intentionally, so she also walked out. "I'll come with you." 
"Mm…" 
The two walked out of the bedroom together. Elisa's eyes flashed slightly when she realized it was Vincent. 
Rachel immediately frowned. "Why is he here?" 
She was finally in a better mood but never thought the stupid man would come to her house! 
"Since he's here, why don't you meet him? You can't keep avoiding him." 
"But I…" Rachel opened her mouth and wanted to say something but ultimately decided against it and kept quiet. 
Because she knew it was useless to say it aloud. 
She still had to see him in the future. 
Liz was right. The earlier they met face to face, the earlier she could free herself. 
She took a deep breath and looked at Elisa before saying, "Then… go and rest in the bedroom. I will meet him for a while." 
Elisa patted Rachel's shoulder and said gently, "No matter what, don't try to be brave or modest when facing your conscience."
###chapter1221
Chapter 1221
CHAPTER 1221 SCUM! 
Rachel responded and said nothing else. 
Elisa turned and walked to the bedroom. 
Rachel took a breath and opened the door for Vincent. 
The moment Rachel saw Vincent's face, her heart subconsciously tightened. 
As for Vincent, he also felt his heart suddenly go numb. Vincent pursed his lips and wasn't in a rush to speak. 
When he saw Rachel stepping aside, he walked in and changed his shoes. 
The two didn't say anything. But after Rachel shut the door, she said, "Liz is here. Follow me to the study room." 
Vincent stayed silent and followed her from behind. 
The two walked into the study room shortly. 
For a moment, Vincent didn't know how to start. 
On the way, he had been considering how to solve the problem and explain it to Rachel. 
But… 
Now that he saw Rachel, he didn't know why, but his heartbeat seemed to quicken, especially when he saw her calm face. He unexpectedly felt indescribable fear in his heart. 
The door of the study room was shut. 
Vincent unexpectedly didn't know how to speak. 
Rachel glanced at him and said indifferently, "Sit." 
She only said that and didn't say anything else. 
Vincent nodded and sat down. Rachel sat on the chair at the desk while Vincent sat on the couch. Although the two could face each other… they were slightly far apart. It made Vincent feel somewhat uncomfortable. 
As for Rachel… She didn't dare to sit too close to Vincent. Her thoughts had been filled with this man for the past few days. Now that she saw him, her heart beat faster. 
Only she knew how much effort she exerted to feign her calmness. 
"You…" In the end, it was Vincent who broke the silence. But he noticed Rachel's gaze after he said one word. In an instant, he didn't seem to know what to say. 
"What are you trying to say?" Rachel was still calm, but she was panicking inwardly. 
Vincent's eyes flickered slightly. He got up in the end and walked toward her. 
Rachel's heartbeat instantly quickened, and she could hear it. She pretended to look at him calmly but felt frantic and at a loss for words inwardly. She kept muttering to herself. Don't come here. Don't come any closer! 
But… 
The man didn't do as she had hoped. He walked to her side. 
Rachel's figure was tense, and she dared not say anything. 
She remained calm from the start until the end. 
However… 
Before she could ponder further, she heard Vincent's steady voice. "You should be able to guess why I'm looking for you and what I want to talk about." 
Rachel furrowed her brows slightly. Her nervousness instantly turned into rage. What does he mean by that?! 
Is he here to talk about what happened that day? Is he here to say it was consensual? Is he telling me that it's a game between adults and I shouldn't care too much? 
This scum! 
She took a breath as if restraining her emotions. Before she could think further, the man's voice rang in her ears again. "Let's talk about it calmly and not argue. I have no intentions of quarreling with you." 
Rachel laughed in a rage at his words. She said sarcastically, "Yes. Of course, you won't argue with me because you're afraid I'll blame you! You're afraid I will make you take responsibility for me for the rest of my life, but how can you tolerate a woman like me?! You don't have to say it. I never planned to blame you!"
###chapter1222
Chapter 1222
CHAPTER 1222 SHE DOESN’T UNDERSTAND ENGLISH! 
Rachel had a bad attitude. It was mainly because she didn't want to hear Vincent tell her not to be delusional. Rachel didn't think she could take it. Instead, she took the initiative to say it rather than be humiliated like this. That way, she could be vindicated, at the very least. 
Vincent's brows immediately furrowed tightly. The displeasure in his heart was growing, but he ultimately suppressed his rage when he thought of what Jeremy had said. 
He paused. He looked at Rachel and said in a deep voice, "I didn't mean that. Since such a thing has happened, I don't plan to avoid it. Rachel, I will take responsibility for you." 
Rachel, initially angry, was waiting for Vincent to say something nasty. She had been prepared to shoot him down but was suddenly startled. 
What did he say? 
He wants to take responsibility for me? 
Did I hear it correctly? 
In an instant, Rachel didn't know what to say. She felt that she had misheard. What if she retorted, and he told her not to flatter herself because he never said such a thing? 
At that moment, she suddenly didn't dare to say anything. 
Vincent's mood improved as she was lost in thought. At the very least, he didn't hear Rachel retort or see her unhappy. She was lost in thought and in disbelief at most. He was pleased with such a response. 
He paused and looked at Rachel before saying, "Although what happened was an accident, we experienced it together. I will take responsibility for you if you want." 
This time, Rachel understood it clearly. 
She immediately said, "What nonsense are you saying?! How can we be together? When did I ask you to take responsibility for me?!" 
She was astonished that the man before her said he would take responsibility for her. 
Rachel took a tiny breath and tried her best to restrain her emotions. Vincent frowned again. "How can I be kidding if I bring this up? I was also astonished that such a thing happened, but it has already occurred, so it has to be solved. It just so happens that we want that thing. We don't have to fight over it if we get together." Rachel immediately looked at him with her guard up. "So you're only saying you'll take responsibility to get the thing!" Vincent was dumbfounded. 
He felt that he couldn't communicate with Rachel normally. He even thought she didn't understand English! 
Didn't I make it clear just now? 
"Rachel, can you listen carefully to what I'm saying?" 
Rachel looked at him coldly. "Aren't you trying to say that we can get together, then the things will
belong to you?" 
Vincent was dumbstruck. 
They really had trouble communicating. Vincent shouldn't have brought it up! 
He took a breath before raising his hands to massage his temples. He said, "Rachel, I hope you can calm down and talk to me properly. I said I would take responsibility for you, which means I will be responsible for you for the rest of my life. Don't you believe me?" 
Rachel slowly came to her senses at this moment. He had said it thrice, so she naturally heard it clearly. This time, she laughed in a rage at the man's words. She said in disdain without hesitation, "Mr. Shane, do you believe what you said? Take responsibility for me? And then? When some other woman seduces you, you'll come and tell me we're unsuitable and kick me away. Is this what you mean by taking responsibility?"
###chapter1223
Chapter 1223
CHAPTER 1223 HE FINALLY LOST IT! 
Vincent furrowed his brow and looked aghast at Rachel. "Is that what you think of me?" 
Rachel laughed in anger. "What else am I to think?" 
She could not think of anything good about Vincent. 
"What the heck!" He felt all his efforts were wasted on her. 
How can this d*mn woman keep angering me whenever she speaks? 
I've said all those words sincerely. What else does she want? 
Moreover, I never ask for what happened that day. It was all a coincidence! How can she now blame everything on me? 
However, Rachel did not give him much time to think and said, "Forget it. I don't want to fight with you anymore. It's just my virginity. I don't give a d*mn about it. Cut your cr*p about responsibility. I won't fall for that. Honestly, the mere thought of you trying to be sincere is laughable. I must be blind to choose a serial womanizer like you! Why couldn't I have settled for a nice and loyal guy? In hindsight, I'd rather be single! I'm afraid that if I were to marry you, I'd have to deal with more issues with your many more girlfriends to come!" 
"What the heck? How are you so unreasonable? Since when did I say I'm going to cheat on you?" Vincent's expression darkened dangerously. He had an intense urge to grab Rachel by her chin and
make her open her mouth to repeat what she had said. 
The vein on Vincent's forehead throbbed, and his eyes were cold. 
Rachel took a deep breath and controlled her emotions. After a brief pause, she looked at Vincent calmly and said, "Let's not fight over this. It's pointless, anyway. Moreover, Liz is at my house. I don't want her to overhear us fighting." 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
He hated how calm she looked. 
He did not want to see her like this. It meant she did not care. 
However, he needed to preserve his last shred of dignity and said through gritted teeth. "I'm asking you for the final time. Do you want me to be responsible for what happened?" 
Rachel laughed angrily. 
She could not remain calm even if she wanted to. She answered exasperatedly, "I don't freaking need it! I'll never need you to take responsibility! All I want is for you to stop bothering me!" 
The veins on Vincent's forehead throbbed with increasing intensity. He clenched his fists and stormed out without uttering a word. 
Rachel's expression scrunched with fury. She stood still, pursed her lips, and did not say anything. Vincent left without a backward glance. He was unaware of Rachel staring at him stubbornly. 
Once the door closed, Rachel suddenly lost all strength and slumped onto a table. 
She did not return to the bedroom immediately and wanted some time alone to calm down. 
She closed her eyes and tried her best to control her emotions as she would be seeing Elisa later. 
However, Vincent slammed the door loudly when he left. Elisa could surely hear it in the bedroom. If Rachel did not return to the bedroom soon, Elisa would come out to look for her. 
Rachel breathed in and exhaled. However, she could not eliminate the frustration and discomfort in her heart, no matter how hard she tried.
###chapter1224
Chapter 1224
CHAPTER 1224 HER HEART SKIPPED A BEAT 
As Rachel tried to calm down, she was unaware of the tears flowing from her eyes. She only became aware of the tears when they reached the corner of her mouth, prompting her to get up immediately and grab a tissue to wipe them. 
She sniffled and widened her eyes in disbelief. Why am I crying? 
Why am I crying over a trashy guy like Vincent? 
I get it! I'm sad about losing my virginity! 
I've protected my virginity for more than twenty years, only to lose it like that. How can I not be heartbroken? 
Although I've told others that it doesn't really matter to me… How can I not care about it? 
As Rachel looked down and breathed deeply, Elisa's calm voice sounded beside her. "It still hurts, doesn't it?" 
Rachel's body shuddered instantly. She looked up and saw Elisa standing beside her. Her heart skipped a beat. Liz… When did she get here? Why didn't I notice any noise? 
"I…" Rachel suddenly did not know what to say. 
Elisa pulled out a chair and sat beside her. She held her hand and said, "We are sisters. You can tell me whenever something bothers you, and I won't tell Sheen. However, you must never keep it to
yourself. If you keep things to yourself, it will make you go crazy." 
Rachel shook her head. "I'm fine. I just…" 
I just… 
She did not know what she should say. 
Elisa sighed softly and knew she had to say something. 
"Rach, look at me." 
Rachel turned to Elisa and saw her earnest and calm gaze. Her lashes trembled slightly as she asked, "Are… Are you going to say something?" 
She forced out a smile, making her look even more heart-wrenching than before. "You don't have to comfort me. I did not expect something like this to happen, but now that it has happened, I must face it.
Time will eventually heal my hurt. So, there's no need to console me. I will slowly get over it." 
Elisa nodded and replied, "That sounds plausible, but people tend to drive themselves into a corner when dealing with something like this alone." 
Rachel shook her head. "I won't. As you can see, I'm generally an optimistic and cheerful person. The sadness will only linger for a few days, and I will eventually get over it. Furthermore, I meant what I said before. It's only my virginity! It doesn't…" 
She acted unbothered so that Elisa would not worry. However, Elisa had known her for many years. How could she not tell that she was sad? 
"You don't have to pretend. I know you care about it, but that's not the only thing making you sad." 
Rachel's heart skipped another beat. 
She looked at Elisa again as if waiting for her to say something. At the same time, it also seemed like Rachel admitted to the conflicting emotions in her heart. The conflicting emotions were like gauze curtains over her eyes, preventing her from fully seeing the matter. 
Elisa looked into her eyes and said firmly, "Vincent." 
Rachel's expression froze. Her heart skipped a beat. 
She could not help but gasp and expose her emotions. 
That sense of being exposed and the feeling that even she did not understand her own emotions made
her feel terrible. 
Rachel found it a little hard to breathe. However, she was more disturbed by how she could no longer understand herself and asked, "What… What do you mean?"
###chapter1225
Chapter 1225
CHAPTER 1225 COULD YOU HAVE FALLEN FOR HIM? 
Elisa looked at her and did not answer her question immediately. It seemed she was giving Rachel time to consider the question herself. 
Previously, Elisa was unsure about it but still sensed something wrong with Rachel's mood. Now, Elisa could see it clearly. Unfortunately, Rachel was still unaware of her feelings. 
In the past, Elisa could consider whether to make Rachel aware of her emotions. However, Elisa believed she needed to help Rachel sort through the mess in her heart so that she could make the right decision. 
Rachel looked at Elisa. Her voice wavered as she asked, "Liz, what… what do you mean?" 
Elisa sighed softly. "Let me ask you. If that incident happened not with Vincent but with a stranger you had no feelings for, how would you feel now?" 
Rachel was stunned. A stranger? 
"I would be sad too if it was with a stranger. It was my first time, after all. Even if I say I don't care, I still need time to process it. It was something I guarded preciously. But now, I…" Rachel could not bring herself to continue. 
However, she seemed to figure out something suddenly and looked at Elisa with a stunned expression. 
"You…" Rachel did not know how to explain, but Elisa's words made her feel even worse. Her heart
sank, followed by uncomfortable numbness. 
Elisa continued calmly, "Do you mean you would only feel sad about losing your virginity? You won't consider that man or think whether there is a chance of developing a further relationship with him. You can't imagine being with him and growing old together, right?" 
Rachel thought Elisa's words made sense and nodded. 
Elisa looked at her and enunciated each word. "What about now?" 
Seeing Rachel's hesitation, Elisa said, "Now that the incident was with Vincent, he's half the reason you're sad, right?" 
Rachel's expression changed. She widened her eyes and did not know what to say. Elisa's statement was so accurate that she could not retort. 
But… Why must I think about Vincent? Why did I consider him? I only lost my virginity. What's the point in thinking about that man? Why does my chest hurt whenever I think about him? 
Rachel shook her head. "I… I don't know. If it were another man, I might think about him less. After all, that was my first time. Yet… that thing happened. I can't help but remember it. It's normal that I thought about Vincent." 
"Were you simply thinking about him?" Elisa questioned further. 
Rachel's gaze flickered slightly. It was never her intention to hide her emotions from Elisa. Moreover, her emotions were a mess. Elisa's words made her even more flustered. "I… I don't know." 
After saying that, she suddenly hugged her head. Her hair fell over her face and concealed her expression from Elisa. 
However, Elisa could see Rachel shaking visibly and said softly, "Rach, have you considered, after fighting and contending with him for so long and after numerous interactions, perhaps… you have fallen for him?"
###chapter1226
Chapter 1226
CHAPTER 1226 RUIN MY LIFE 
Fall… Fallen for him? 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
If Elisa had said this any other time, Rachel would retort instinctively and said it was impossible. 
But now… 
Why haven't I thought about this? 
I didn't expect this to happen! 
I… I've fallen for him? 
Am I in love with him? 
Rachel shook her head in disbelief. "That's impossible! He's been my enemy for many years. He's always trying to snatch the heirloom from me, and we fought relentlessly. Moreover, I've always kept my guard up against him. How… How could I have fallen for him?" 
She shook her head adamantly. Her eyes flashed with annoyance. 
However… 
Even she was not fully convinced by her words, feeling like something was wrong. 
Elisa remained silent as if giving Rachel a chance to think. 
Many things had to be understood step by step. Elisa needed Rachel to discover her feelings gradually. She knew Rachel would not accept it if she revealed everything now. 
Moreover, most of it was only her speculation. She was not sure whether she had guessed accurately. 
If she had misguided Rachel and caused her to misunderstand, it would cause them to distance themselves from each other, affecting Rachel's life irrevocably. Then, she would be saddled with lifelong regret. 
Rachel pursed her lips and shook her head again. "I don't know how I feel now or what I thought in the past few days. All I knew was that I panicked when I discovered the person was Vincent. Yet, I was also relieved that the man was Vincent and not a scary stranger." 
Especially someone who's married or has a girlfriend. That would have been disgusting. 
The thought caused Rachel's heart to skip a beat. 
Disgust? 
I feel disgusted if it were with another man, but… why don't I feel disgusted when it is Vincent? 
Rachel's face turned pale. 
How is this possible? Why am I like this? 
Have I fallen for Vincent? 
No! 
How can I fall for that devious man? 
This is impossible! 
Rachel could not help but shake her head again. "I… I don't care what I think. I will never stand being in a relationship with Vincent!" 
Elisa pursed her lips and did not speak. 
But Rachel continued insistently, "Vincent came here just now and told me he would take responsibility for me. How can I trust him? He is a playboy. Who knows how many women he has slept with? That night was my first time, but it was a routine for him. Although he was also the victim of the scheme…" 
Rachel felt indignant but could not bring herself to finish her sentence. 
Elisa patted her shoulder. "You should calm down first. Don't overthink." 
Rachel blinked and remained silent. 
She exhausted all her willpower to control her emotions and forced herself to calm down. 
The two ladies sat in silence for ten minutes. Then, Rachel said tentatively, "Liz, I've thought things through. No matter what I think or feel about Vincent, I will never be with him. Moreover, I don't need a scoundrel to be responsible for me. Being with him will only ruin my life."
###chapter1227
Chapter 1227
CHAPTER 1227 I’LL GIVE YOU AN INJECTION 
Elisa looked at her and replied, "I will support you, no matter your decision. However, you must think things over carefully." 
Rachel nodded. "Of course, I've considered it properly!" 
She was adamant and showed no hint of doubt. However, she started to feel uncertain when it came to the question of whether she had developed feelings for Vincent. 
Still, she was able to push that aside for now. 
Elisa placed a hand on Rachel's shoulder and patted her gently. "I'll be with you." 
Her words warmed Rachel's heart. Rachel held Elisa's hand and said, "Liz, thank goodness you're here. I'm glad that you're always with me." 
Elisa sighed softly but did not speak. 
She felt her presence would be little help to Rachel in her situation. 
Only Rachel had experienced those pain and truly knew how it felt. Others would not be able to help her much in that regard. 
The most I can do is remain by Rachel's side. As for others… 
Elisa sighed as she considered this, but she kept silent. 
Rachel slept fitfully that night. In fact, she had not slept well for the past few nights. Vincent's visit made her feel even worse. 
The following morning, Elisa and Rachel woke up and got ready before heading to their respective workplaces. 
Elisa went to her office as usual. She dealt with some company matters and opened the design software. 
However, before she could even move the mouse, her phone suddenly rang. 
It was a call from her assistant. 
She answered it immediately. 
"Ms. Benett, I have just received an invitation from the Garner family, asking you to attend a banquet in seven days." 
Elisa's eyes flickered slightly. "What kind of banquet?" 
She could not recall the family having anything significant recently. 
The assistant explained, "I heard they found the daughter they had lost for over a decade." 
Elisa's eyes flashed briefly. Of all the times the lost daughter of the Garner family could reappear, why now? 
"I understand." 
"Sure." 
They hung up. Elisa sank deep into her thoughts. 
After half an hour, Elisa was clear-headed and stopped pondering the matter. She focused on her design work instead. 
She had nearly completed all the designs for the jewelry project with Darcey Group and could instruct production of the designs soon. At the moment, she checked the designs for flaws and made amendments. 
The day passed quickly, with Elisa engrossed with work. However, shortly before clocking out of work, she suddenly recalled something and dialed a number. 
The person soon answered her call and said flatly, "What is the matter?" 
"Are you free later? I want to give you an injection." 
"Sure." 
"Let's meet at the base." 
She meant the experiment base she had brought Jeremy and Gareth to previously. 
"Sure." 
Elisa did not say much and hung up. Gareth is in quite a good condition after treatment by Jeremy. I'm confident that he will recover, but Grandma… 
Her eyes flashed with worry. She needed to observe Julia's condition for another day and determine the right medicine based on the changes in her condition. 
Elisa and Gareth arrived at the base an hour later. They put on surgical gowns as usual. Then, Elisa checked his condition before administering an injection.
###chapter1228
Chapter 1228
CHAPTER 1228 I WILL BE FINE 
Elisa was impressed that Gareth could remain mentally strong despite knowing the condition of his illness. Still, Elisa reassured him as she would with any patient and spoke honestly with him. 
Elisa disposed of the used needle properly before turning to Gareth. "You're doing quite well and will recover if you cooperate with my treatment." 
Gareth's gaze flickered briefly. "What about Grandma?" 
"I need to observe her condition for a day. Then, I will formulate her medicine based on it." 
The medicine Elisa previously prescribed to Julia was highly effective. Julia would have to be hospitalized for chemotherapy if not for that medicine. Moreover, her treatment helped Julia understand the full extent of her illness. 
Gareth did not respond and looked ahead calmly. 
At the same time, he showed no intention of leaving. Elisa considered for a while before turning to Gareth. "Please take care of your diet for a few days. You mustn't consume anything that can trigger your condition. Furthermore, don't miss a meal. Don't be reckless if you wish to recover sooner." 
Gareth narrowed his eyes slightly and looked at the woman standing before her. He said in his deep voice, "Are you saying this out of concern for me?" 
Elisa was briefly stunned and looked at him incredulously. Why did he suddenly ask such a question? 
Elisa pursed her lips. "I don't want to see anyone dying. As a doctor, it's normal for me to be concerned about my patients." 
In other words, she only cared about him as a doctor. It had nothing to do with how she felt about him. 
Gareth's eyes darkened slightly. 
Seeing that he had nothing more to say, Elisa continued indifferently, "You can go home now. I'll also be leaving soon." 
She did not plan to stay back for research because she had to deal with other matters. 
Gareth replied, "I'll send you home." 
Elisa looked at him and was puzzled. Has he been protecting me all this while? 
Then, she smiled and said, "Don't worry. I'll be fine. I will do my best to treat you and Grandma." 
She knew Gareth was worried that something could happen to her and ruin his grandmother's chances of recovery. While Gareth might not care about his health, his grandmother's well-being was vital to him. 
Gareth furrowed his brow and guessed what Elisa was thinking. "I don't deserve to be misunderstood that deeply. Even though we didn't care for each other previously, you mustn't look at me with such a distorted view." 
Elisa looked at him with astonishment. Why is he telling me so much and caring about what I think of him? 
Why is he different from before? 
He was indifferent to me then. Since when has he ever cared about what I think? 
Yet, he suddenly said that to me. 
Can a person's character change with time? 
Elisa smirked and did not respond. She took off her surgical gown and walked outside. 
Gareth frowned and followed her. 
Seeing that Elisa was about to enter the driver's seat, he dashed ahead and grabbed the door before her. 
Elisa frowned and looked at him. "We are in Bayswe, and I will only travel a short distance. Nothing will happen to me."
###chapter1229
Chapter 1229
CHAPTER 1229 THE SENSE OF WARMTH 
Gareth furrowed his brow and said sternly, "Get in. I'll send you home." 
He was not in the mood to explain. 
Elisa's gaze flickered slightly, but she kept silent. 
She knew it would be pointless to argue with him at this moment. Gareth was stubborn whenever his temper flared. Thus, rather than arguing with him, she might as well get in the car. That way, she would get home and get him out of her sight sooner. 
With that in mind, Elisa went to the front passenger seat without a word. 
Gareth's expression softened slightly. 
Neither of them spoke throughout the journey. No one turned on the radio, so it was utterly silent in the car. 
However, no one felt uncomfortable because they were used to such an awkward atmosphere. 
Gareth stopped the car at Elisa's place. Elisa opened the door and glanced at Gareth. "You can drive this car home." 
She had other cars she could use. 
But Gareth said nothing and left the car, following Elisa. 
Elisa furrowed her brow. "What are you doing?" 
He can't be thinking of staying the night? 
Does he think this is his house? Why does he always behave in whatever way he wants? 
As she was thinking, Gareth answered flatly, "Since I sent you home, you should take me in for a night. My stomach feels uncomfortable. I don't want to argue with you." 
Elisa furrowed her brow and reached out to feel his pulse. 
Gareth did not move and let her cool fingers touch his wrist. They felt nice on his skin. 
Suddenly, he did not want her to let go. 
Elisa's eyes flickered. She pulled her hand away and knew he was not lying. Then, she said calmly. "It's a normal reaction after the injection. You will be fine again tomorrow." 
"Mm-hmm." 
Gareth grunted calmly. Although his stomach felt uncomfortable, the discomfort was minor that it was negligible. 
Yet, he still told Elisa about it. 
Elisa regarded him and decided not to make him leave. Since neither of them had eaten, she considered calmly and said, "I'll go to the kitchen and cook dinner. Please wait for a moment." 
She thought to make sure that he ate well. 
After all, it would be beneficial for everyone that he recovered soon. 
Gareth remained silent and watched her enter the kitchen. Then, he sat on a couch and glanced at the living room. Although he had been here many times, it never failed to fill him with a sense of warmth. 
That feeling made him feel perplexed and comforted at the same time. Strangely, those conflicting feelings could coexist. 
After some time, Elisa came out of the kitchen with two plates of spaghetti. 
She cooked the spaghetti until soft so Gareth could digest them better. 
Gareth quietly sat down opposite her. They ate their meal in silence. 
Still, he found the atmosphere comfortable and the food to his taste. He disliked spaghetti, but Elisa's cooking changed his mind about it. 
Gareth's eyes flickered. The feeling left him unexplainably conflicted. 
They soon finished dinner. Elisa glanced at him and said evenly, "You should get some rest."
###chapter1230
Chapter 1230
CHAPTER 1230 WHEN WILL YOU TWO REMARRY? 
Gareth said nothing and headed to the bedroom. 
Elisa and Gareth did not interact again that night. 
The following morning, Elisa made breakfast after they woke up. Then, they parted and went to work. 
Gareth wondered if he was being delusional. Somehow, his stomach felt much better after having the two meals Elisa had prepared. 
They did not keep in contact throughout the day but arrived at Wickam Manor after work without prior arrangement. 
It was because Elisa mentioned she would like to check Julia's condition that night. Gareth wanted to know the result and rushed to the manor as soon as possible. 
Julia was delighted to see them showing up at the manor together. She held Elisa's hand and inquired kindly, "You two came to see me again. You've been here often recently. Will it disturb your work?" 
Elisa smiled. "Of course not. I've arranged my time." 
Her answer cheered up Julia even more. Sometimes, she wanted her grandchildren to keep her company in her old age. 
"Good, good. It's good that you arranged your time. I'm happy to see you two arrive together. May I
know… when you're planning to remarry each other?" 
Elisa's gaze dulled slightly, and her smile froze. However, she instantly appeared normal again. 
She smiled and said nothing. 
On the other hand, Gareth replied calmly, "Why the rush?" 
"Why the rush?" Julia was waiting for Elisa to respond and could not help but be furious with her grandson's half-hearted reply. Her expression darkened instantly. 
"You ungrateful twerp! How could you ask me what's the rush?" Julia did not hold back on scolding him. Liz is a wonderful girl but is easily offended. Even if she plans to remarry Gareth, his words will make her change her mind! 
Moreover, she is not keen on remarrying him. I spent so much effort to get her to come to this house. Yet, that idiot dared to ask what the rush was! 
That boy will be the death of me! 
What if his words angered Liz? What am I to do? Oh no! Liz must be unhappy! 
However, Gareth seemed unaffected and changed the topic. "Did you fight with Grandpa recently?" 
The question immediately caught Julia's attention. "He seems to have changed into a completely different person. He kept his word when he said he wouldn't argue with me. He doesn't even look at me angrily anymore. Does a person change that much when they are old? Why do I feel there's something
wrong with him? Do you think he has a mistress somewhere?" 
Elisa and Gareth were rendered speechless. 
After a brief pause, Elisa answered with a smile, "That's impossible. You and Grandpa got along so well. Why would he cheat on you with another woman?" 
Elisa would never call Darren 'Grandpa' in his presence. 
However, she did not want Julia to worry, so she called Darren 'Grandpa.' 
Julia frowned and asked Gareth suspiciously, "Why won't you speak?" 
Gareth looked at her calmly. "What is there to say?" 
"Is your grandfather cheating on me? Are you afraid to tell me?" 
Gareth pursed his lips and kept silent. 
One could see he did not want to answer Julia's question. 
Seeing him, Julia snorted and said, "I don't think he dares. If he does, I will break his legs!" 
Gareth remained quiet. 
On the other hand, Elisa smiled and chatted with Julia. They stayed at the manor for two hours and had dinner. Then, it was time for them to leave.
###chapter1231
Chapter 1231
CHAPTER 1231 EXTINCT 
Darren had returned to accompany Julia. His attitude toward her had changed. While the change confused Julia, it moved her deeply. 
Julia chuckled and said, "All right, it's getting late. You two should head home. Drive safe." 
Elisa nodded. "Grandma, don't worry. We will be fine." 
Julia smiled before turning to Gareth. "You must send Liz home safely, okay?" 
"Sure," Gareth answered without hesitation. 
Julia was delighted when she noticed how readily he agreed. Gareth always used to protest when I asked him to send Elisa home. The reason he went along with my request this time wasn't because he turned obedient. It was because he cared about Liz! 
Her heart blossomed with joy. She smiled from ear to ear as she stood at the door and watched them leave. 
Gareth usually drove by himself to send Elisa home. 
Moreover, they needed to discuss some matters and did not want the driver around. 
It was quiet in the car. Elisa's smile faded entirely after they traveled out of Julia's line of sight. Her expression turned solemn. 
Gareth sensed something wrong with her and frowned. "What's the matter?" 
Elisa's eyes flickered. She came out of her daze and sighed helplessly. "I'm still missing something needed to treat Grandma's illness." 
Although she sounded calm, Gareth could detect some worry in her tone. It meant the item she needed was scarce and hard to find. 
"What are you missing?" 
Elisa could not help but sigh again. She looked out the window and focused on the colorful lights before answering solemnly, "It is something rare and likely extinct." 
Gareth furrowed his brow. Elisa gradually revealed what the item was. 
"Ganoderma Caligo." 
It would have been easy to find if she had only mentioned 'Ganoderma.' Unfortunately, she had to add the word 'Caligo' and complicate things. 
Elisa looked down slightly. Her gaze seemed forlorn and helpless. "The cancer cells are growing fast in Grandma's body and are gradually spreading to small cells. For now, I'm able to control its spread using medication. Without Ganoderma Caligo, I can only maintain her condition for two months. After that…" 
Elisa's eyes flashed with desperation. Then, she continued, "I'm unsure whether I can discover a new
way to fight the cancer cells. So, I…" 
She could not bring herself to continue. 
Gareth replied calmly, "I will get my people to search for it." 
Elisa remained silent. She had searched for it for the past few days and could not find any reliable information. However, her eyes suddenly flickered with realization. She turned to Gareth. "Is there an auction in Moranta in half a month?" 
Gareth's eyes gleamed slightly. He grunted in affirmation. 
Elisa's expression brightened. "Perhaps we might find it there!" 
The auction was held once a year and was always astoundingly grand. All of its guests were people of power and influence. Even someone in the upper class was not guaranteed to have the right to attend. However, this would not be an issue for Gareth. He was likely among the top ten names on the invitation list. Thus, Elisa could go with him to check it out.
###chapter1232
Chapter 1232
CHAPTER 1232 FAKE GARETH 
Moreover, the auction had all kinds of things, but no one had access to the list of items before the auction. Still, the influential had their ways. 
After a brief pause, Elisa looked at Gareth and asked, "Can… you try to find out about the list of items?" 
"Sure." 
Elisa leaned into the seat and fell silent. 
The auction would only give them a tiny bit of hope. They still needed to find other ways to obtain the item. 
Furthermore, Ganoderma Caligo was highly precious. It had many incredible uses other than fighting cancer cells. Thus, the wealthy always competed to secure Ganoderma Caligo to prolong their lives. 
Elisa and Gareth did not speak for the remainder of the journey. Elisa's eyes seemed dejected. She was worried about Julia's condition. 
She got out of a daze when the car entered the yard. Then, she glanced at Gareth and said calmly, "You should go home. I won't invite you in this time." 
However, Gareth did not answer her but exited the car straightaway. 
Elisa was stunned. 
She looked at him following her and could not help but frown. "Don't tell me you plan to stay at my place again." 
"You're treating my illness, right? Shouldn't you tend to my gastric issues?" 
Elisa rolled her eyes at him. "There are plenty of people who can treat your gastric issues. Moreover, you have many top-class chefs at home to cook for you. Why must I tend to you? Am I your maid?" 
Even a maid gets paid for her work. Is he expecting me to do it for free? 
Gareth pretended not to notice Elisa's annoyance and replied indifferently, "You can be my maid if you wish." 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She was not in the mood to deal with him and did not want him to follow her. Thus, she walked fast, opened the door, and got in. She planned to close the door immediately and prevent Gareth from coming in. 
Unfortunately… 
Gareth saw through her plan and grabbed the door. Elisa could not pull the door from him. She looked at Gareth with a frown. "What the heck do you want?" 
"I'm too tired to drive home." 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Is he pretending to be weak? 
She looked at him coldly and refused to step aside. 
Gareth also would not leave. He said calmly, "My stomach hurts badly." 
Elisa stared at him. 
His condition is still in the early stage, and he receives good treatment. Yet, he says his stomach hurts. 
How could it hurt every day? 
No way am I falling for his nonsense! 
"Stop bothering me!" Elisa tried to close the door again. However, Gareth refused to let go, prompting Elisa's frown to deepen. 
However, before she could say anything, Gareth stepped in. Elisa needed to retreat, or she would bump into his chest. 
Since she did not want physical contact with him, she withdrew slightly from the door. 
That was precisely what Gareth wanted. He grabbed the chance and entered the hallway. 
Elisa's expression darkened considerably. "How long are you going to stay here?" 
Gareth felt no sense of shame and said evenly, "It depends on my mood." 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
Is this the same Gareth I know? 
He was so prideful that if I showed a hint of disdain, he would respond coldly and leave. 
What is he doing now? 
Elisa was confused by his behavior and felt the man before her was not the real Gareth.
###chapter1233
Chapter 1233
CHAPTER 1233 WHAT ARE YOU AFRAID OF? 
"You can't keep staying in my house." 
Even if he is putting on a show for Grandma, haven't we shown her enough recently? There's no need for this. 
Moreover, Grandma doesn't know he is staying at my place. 
Gareth ignored her and went straight to his usual bedroom. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She felt frustrated. A grown man insisted on staying in her house and refused to leave no matter what she said. What could she do? 
Elisa was annoyed but could not do anything except go to her bedroom. 
Everything seemed unusually peaceful. 
The following morning, Elisa and Gareth left for their respective workplaces. Everything returned to normal again. 
However, Elisa sometimes felt helpless about the situation with Gareth. 
…
Meanwhile, Rachel also arrived at the office. However, she could not muster any interest in work. 
It was because her mind was preoccupied with someone. She could not stop thinking about Vincent. 
After Vincent left that day, she was able to calm down. However… things did not go well as she had hoped. 
Vincent kept contacting her recently and talking to her about some matters. It seemed he was trying to get involved in her life, or perhaps, he had other intentions. But everything seemed to indicate that he wanted to be with her. 
Rachel believed something must have been wrong with Vincent. She had told him clearly what she thought of him. Yet, he kept trying to persuade her. It was very unlike Vincent's usual personality. 
Although she felt incredulous, she did not pursue the matter. Instead, she decided to ignore him. 
He can say whatever he wants. It has nothing to do with me. 
However… 
Things did not turn out as she had hoped. She thought ignoring him would deter him. Unexpectedly… 
"Rachel, someone is asking to see you." Someone came to inform Rachel, leaving her perplexed. Did someone ask to see me? Am I famous now? 
Could it be a potential client asking me to help them fight a lawsuit? 
"Where is the person?" 
If the person wants me to help with a lawsuit, shouldn't they come in? Why isn't there anyone? 
The colleague glanced at her strangely. "He's not here about a lawsuit. He's outside. You will know once you see him." 
The colleague recognized the person outside and had always thought he and Rachel were enemies. Yet, they seemed so close that no one could get between them. 
Previously, some of the women were interested in Vincent upon seeing him. However, none of them had a chance to get close to him. He disregarded them entirely. 
The women could not help but feel disappointed because they had no way to approach him. 
All they could do was watch Rachel and Vincent quarrel whenever they were together. 
Rachel's eyes flashed with confusion as she left the office. 
Her expression changed when she saw that the man waiting outside was the same man she had kept thinking about recently. She avoided his gaze and immediately returned to her office. 
"Rachel." 
The man called out to her. Although Rachel was desperate to return to the office, she hesitated and paused. Before she could do anything else, Vincent grabbed her hand. 
Rachel scrunched her face with annoyance and struggled to free herself. "Let go!" 
However, Vincent had no plans to let go. He looked into her eyes and said, "If I let go, what then? Will you keep hiding from me and not replying to my messages? You weren't like this before. Rachel, what are you scared of?"
###chapter1234
Chapter 1234
CHAPTER 1234 TRAPPED 
Rachel's heart stilled, but she retorted stubbornly, "What do you mean? What do I have to be scared of?" 
Vincent looked at her firmly and replied, "Since you're not scared, why do you keep hiding from me and not reply to my messages?" 
Rachel furrowed her brow and argued, "I'm not hiding. I just don't want to see you. Don't you get it?" 
Vincent snorted in disbelief and dragged her out of the office by her hand. 
Rachel's eyes widened with panic. "What are you doing? Let me go! I'm working!" 
Vincent trudged ahead sullenly, refusing to respond. Then, he pulled her into his car's backseat and closed the door. Rachel thought to escape from the other side, but Vincent suddenly entered the car and locked it. 
Rachel heard the door lock with a click and gave up escaping. Instead, she glared at Vincent furiously. "Vincent, are you insane? What are you doing?" 
They had enough unresolved animosity over the heirloom. Yet, Vincent kept showing up before her about what had happened that night. It frustrated her immensely. 
Most importantly, her heart became even more flustered. Now that she had discovered Vincent's feelings, she did not know how to face the man before her. 
Previously, she did not know her true feelings and refused to consider them. All she knew was that she could not stand Vincent. 
But now that she realized her feelings, she still would not want to be with him. At the same time, she felt uncomfortable inside as strange and conflicting emotions warred within her. Moreover, her heart was beating at a peculiar rhythm. The series of abnormal reactions tormented her to no end. 
Vincent frowned slightly and felt uneasy. He could not fall asleep last night due to the constant agony in his heart. 
Moreover, Jeremy and Gareth told him that he had feelings for Rachel. After everything that had happened, he finally admitted something was wrong. 
Everything felt different once he discovered his feelings for Rachel. 
He wanted to free himself from his agony and thought he might as well meet with Rachel to deal with it. 
He could not hold back anymore. 
"Rachel, we have been fighting for so long. Has it never occurred to you that we should stop? We can permanently put this conflict to rest." 
Rachel was puzzled by his words and snorted disdainfully. "How can we stop it? Perhaps you're willing to give up the heirloom and stop fighting with me. That will definitely put the matter to rest permanently." 
After saying that, she glared at the man before her and could not resist scolding, "You scoundrel!" 
Vincent's expression darkened. 
He wanted to explain to her rationally. However, he recalled his previous failed attempt to explain and gave up. 
It was suddenly quiet in the car. 
Rachel felt uncomfortable. After all, it was never silent whenever she and Vincent met previously. They would constantly be arguing and throwing barbs at each other. 
But now… 
She was trapped in his car and could not leave. Then, she took a deep breath and said with annoyance, "Can't you let me out of the car? What the heck do you want?"
###chapter1235
Chapter 1235
CHAPTER 1235 WHY MUST I APOLOGIZE? 
Rachel was frustrated and felt like a cat on a hot tin roof. 
On the other hand, Vincent seemed unusually calm. He looked determined. 
He gradually looked up and turned to Rachel before saying softly, "Rachel, will you go out with me?" 
Rachel was stunned. 
Previously, he said he wanted to take responsibility due to what had happened. 
Now, he said he wanted to be with her. 
They were completely different matters. The former was because he felt guilty over what had happened. Moreover, she had lost her virginity to him. Thus, he expressed that he would take responsibility. However, he expressed his desire to enter a romantic relationship with her this time. 
Rachel could not help but feel troubled. 
Am I overthinking this? Could he have said it only to take responsibility for what had happened? 
Rachel grabbed her hair in frustration. She looked at Vincent and was about to retort when she saw him looking earnestly into her eyes. 
She had never seen such emotions in his eyes. 
What… what's going on? 
Rachel was suddenly rendered speechless. 
Vincent knew what Rachel was thinking and said, "If you don't know what to say, will you be willing to listen to me first?" 
Rachel's lashes trembled slightly. She kept looking at Vincent but did not speak. 
Vincent waited for a moment before sighing softly. 
Rachel furrowed her brow and felt annoyed. What is the meaning of this? Is he troubled by conscience? 
When did I ever pressure him? 
Fury suddenly surged within her, and she scolded, "You don't have to say anything if you don't want to! I've never forced you to take responsibility! It's you who insisted on it. Moreover, I never threatened to ruin your reputation. We are both adults. It was only a one-night stand! You don't have to take it so seriously!" 
Rachel vented everything in a single breath. After saying that, her expression sank. She felt terrible deep inside. 
Vincent's expression darkened further. He seemed on the verge of losing his temper. 
Still, he managed to control himself and raised his hand to rub the throbbing vein on his forehead. 
"Can you listen to me first? You can judge after hearing what I say, okay?" His tone did not contain a hint of annoyance and sounded unusually calm. 
It gave Rachel the impression that he was utterly calm. Suddenly, a new suspicion rose within her. What is he up to? 
He was so overbearing and stubborn just now. Why has he become so calm in the car? 
What is he planning? 
Rachel considered and decided to remain silent. She did not look at him but leaned into the seat and closed her eyes to rest. 
Vincent took a deep breath before saying, "Previously, we kept arguing and fighting over my mother's heirlooms. I've said a lot of hurtful things to you then. I apologize for the way I behaved." 
Rachel opened her eyes in shock. 
She looked at Vincent bewilderedly. No way! Have I misheard? How could this arrogant man apologize to me? It can't be real! No way! 
She was so stunned that she did not know what to say. 
As she was still hesitating, Vincent's voice sounded again. 
"Are you surprised by my behavior? The old me would also be shocked by my present behavior. He would wonder why I have to apologize to you."
###chapter1236
Chapter 1236
CHAPTER 1236 AVOIDING HIM 
Rachel looked at him silently. 
He's right. He would never say something like this in the past. 
But now… 
Rachel remained mum and stared at Vincent. She wanted to hear what he would say and determine whether he was playing a trick on her. 
He pulled all kinds of tricks to obtain that heirloom from me. How can I be sure he's not up to something this time? 
"Jeremy and Gareth had advised me about my feelings. However, I thought it was impossible and argued with them. Now, I realized they were right and saw through the emotions that even I was unaware of." 
Rachel widened her eye in confusion. 
What nonsense is he rambling about? 
I don't understand anything he says. 
Meanwhile, Vincent ignored her mistrust and continued, "After that incident, my outlook flipped, but my thoughts were a mess. I was shocked when I found you beside me." 
Rachel furrowed her brow but remained silent, waiting for him to continue. 
After a brief pause, Vincent continued slowly, "I have considered the matter ever since what happened. Jeremy had also advised me a lot about it. I wanted to talk to you, but you kept avoiding me." 
Rachel frowned. Of course, I avoided you. Do you want me to cling to you and demand you to take responsibility? 
What kind of joke is this? 
Do I seem that unrestrained? Moreover, Vincent is a scoundrel. Nothing good will come out of being with him. 
Rachel still refused to say anything. 
Vincent sighed and looked at Rachel unwaveringly. At the same time, it was hard for him to say much to her in their present situation. 
"Later, I thought a lot about it and decided to see you last night." He paused briefly and looked into Rachel's eyes. She seemed to have lost her cool from before. Instead, her eyes were filled with conflicting, hard-to-ascertain emotions. 
Rachel was confused, but what Vincent said next left her even more stumped. 
"I believe you remember what I said when I met you last night. However, I was awkward then and said I wanted to take responsibility for you." 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
What the heck? 
Has he lost his mind? 
What is he going to say next? 
Rachel had an idea of what he would say but immediately refuted it, thinking it was impossible. 
"Last night, after you kicked me out, I couldn't sleep. Rachel, do you know what I thought that night?" 
"I can't read your mind. How would I know?" Rachel could not resist retorting. However, she was curious to hear what he would say. 
She was unaware that anticipation had blossomed in her heart. 
"All I could think of was you." 
Rachel was stunned and gasped softly. Then, she asked Vincent, "Is… is this your new trick?" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
Rachel looked at him suspiciously. 
Has Vincent run out of ideas that he resorts to this? Why do I keep feeling that something's not quite
right? 
Vincent furrowed his brow. "What new trick?" 
Rachel observed him suspiciously and retorted, "Why are you asking me? You can't have forgotten all the tricks you used against me to get that heirloom."
###chapter1237
Chapter 1237
CHAPTER 1237 ARE YOU PURSUING ME? 
Vincent replied helplessly, "Can't you see I've long given up on it?" 
Rachel sneered, "You have so many tricks up your sleeves. How can I tell?" 
She thought she was fortunate to have survived those years. 
She was thankful that she lived in a lawful society. Otherwise, she feared Vincent would have hired someone to kill her. 
Vincent breathed in as if to control his anger. Rachel noticed it, sneering, "You don't have to do this. I will never give the heirloom to you, no matter what you do. I will never go out with you, so stop wasting your time. It's pointless." 
Rachel stood firm in her stance and refused to give Vincent a chance. 
However, Vincent steeled himself and refused to leave. Instead, he looked at her solemnly. "Please let me finish what I wanted to say." 
Rachel frowned and remained silent. 
Vincent looked at her displeased expression and continued, "I don't care whether you believe me, but I've told you I've given up on the heirloom. Since she bequeathed it to you, it is yours to keep. However, I want you to know that I wish to be with you, Rachel. I sincerely desire to be with you." 
He repeated his desire to be with her twice. 
Rachel was stunned again. 
Vincent had never said something like that to her. Even when he schemed to obtain the heirloom, he would never sacrifice himself to be with her. 
Rachel firmly believed he would not be interested in her romantically. After all, he had often said that she was unwomanly and looked like a tomboy. He had always treated her disdainfully and said no man would dare to be with her. 
But now… 
What is he doing? 
He said he wanted to be with me. Is he for real? 
Rachel looked at Vincent incredulously and thought he was joking. Even if he does this to trick me, isn't he risking too much? 
What is he to do if I require that he marry me? 
Rachel did not know what to say. 
However, before she could ponder further, Vincent said, "Rachel, I realized I like you." 
Rachel's mind went blank. 
She was not sure whether she had heard him correctly. 
She stared at Vincent dumbly and could not bring herself to speak. 
Vincent suddenly held her hand. It felt warm and soft in his hold. His gaze softened considerably as he said, "Rachel, please be with me. I will make you happy. Previously, I said no man would dare to want you because if anyone dared, I would break their leg. Only I can have you, Rach. Will you accept me?" 
His words were filled with sincerity. 
However, Rachel was too stunned to register what Vincent said. She parted her lips but was unable to form her question. What if I misheard? Won't it be awkward if I ask that? 
Her silence fuelled Vincent's nervousness. He continued, "I won't require you to give me an answer now, but I will make sure no other man can bother you. I will give you time to accept me gradually." 
Rachel sighed and finally found her voice. She said, "Are you… Does this mean you're pursuing me?" 
"Isn't it obvious?" 
Rachel was speechless. 
It was not her first time hearing a man attempting to woo a woman with sweet words.
###chapter1238
Chapter 1238
CHAPTER 1238 IT’S NOT MY FAULT? 
Rachel was rendered speechless. She did not want to argue with Vincent anymore and said indifferently, "So, are you done talking?" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
He had made such a moving speech, yet that was her only response. 
It made him want to knock his head against the wall. 
"Rachel, do you think I'm joking?" 
Rachel frowned slightly as she looked at Vincent and laughed. "What makes you think I'll fall for your act?" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
D*mn it! 
What do I have to say to make her believe me? 
I've spent so much thought on this, resisted all my doubts, and confessed my feelings to her. Yet, look at what she did! 
She claimed disbelief and brushed off everything! 
Vincent took a deep breath to suppress his raging temper. 
Before he could say anything, Rachel continued, "You behaved differently from before. But what makes you think I would fall for your tricks? You clearly ran out of ideas and had no choice but to resort to this tactic." 
Vincent said furiously, "You…" 
"What? Was I wrong? Previously, I thought you would never stoop this low. After what happened that night, you must have thought to use it to your advantage. You probably think I would be flustered and helpless since I've never experienced something like that before. Thus, you pretended to care, hoping to sway my heart." 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
His vein throbbed visibly on his forehead. Fury burned within him. He was on the verge of losing his temper. 
"Rachel, are you finally baring your teeth? Is this the best you can think of?" Vincent stopped holding back his anger. Fury raged in his eyes, threatening to burst out from him. 
Rachel was puzzled and looked at him incredulously. "Aren't you too convincing? I almost thought I wronged you and made you angry." 
His acting is worthy of an award. 
I would have fallen for his lies if I had not gone through what I did. 
Vincent glared at Rachel. 
Rachel could see the veins throbbing on his forehead, prompting her to frown unconsciously. Why does he seem so convincing? 
Could I have misjudged him? 
However, Rachel rejected the idea immediately. No way! He never liked me. Moreover, he told everyone I was unfeminine and behaved like a tomboy. He even said no man would ever want me. Isn't that clear that he detests me? 
I will never believe his nonsense! 
Meanwhile, Vincent took a deep breath and tried to control his emotions. 
Rachel glanced at him and discovered he had closed his eyes. She sighed and said, "Forget it. You don't have to hold back like this. You can shout at me if you want. We have fought many times before. It won't bother me if we fight again. If you get sick from holding in your anger, it's not my fault." 
Her words angered Vincent even more. 
D*mn it! 
"Rachel! Can't you use your brain to think? Why would I bother confessing my feelings if I don't like you? Why would I put down my dignity to pursue you? I wouldn't have bothered!"
###chapter1239
Chapter 1239
CHAPTER 1239 DON’T WASTE YOUR BREATH 
Rachel fell silent. 
She remained unmoved as she looked at Vincent, refusing to believe anything he said. 
Then, she considered briefly and sighed. "It doesn't matter what method you use. I will never be with you or hand over my godmother's heirloom. You should stop wasting your time." 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
He had truly run out of ideas of what to say to her. 
Nothing got through to her. 
Vincent took another deep breath. 
Meanwhile, Rachel continued calmly, "Honestly, I would have admired you if we never got into a dispute over godmother's heirloom. We probably wouldn't even meet." 
Then, she paused before saying, "So, stop wasting your breath on me." 
"I…" Vincent frowned and looked sullen. However, Rachel interrupted him before he could speak. 
"Vincent, you don't have to say anything more. It's useless. You know what our relationship is like. How am I to believe anything you say?" 
"D*mn it…" 
I'm telling the truth. 
Vincent had no chance to say those words before Rachel interrupted again, "Fine, let's assume you're telling the truth. I have something to say too." 
Rachel paused deliberately. 
Seeing Vincent too furious to speak, Rachel continued, "Even if you truly like me, I want to clarify that I'll never be with you. You are a scoundrel with a lousy temper. Moreover, you fooled around with many women. Why would I want to spend the rest of my life with a man like you? More accurately, are you sure you can spend the rest of your life with me?" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
He suddenly had no idea how he should retort. Previously, he hated women because of his mother's matter and thought all women were… 
Therefore, he rebelled by dating as many women as he could. He did not expect his rebellious act to one day backfire on him. 
When he finally found a woman he wanted to be with, his past behavior came back to bite him. 
Vincent raised his hand and rubbed his forehead. 
Rachel looked at him and said indifferently, "I hope you will stop talking about this matter. Vincent, you should stop trying to trick me. I'm more wary of you than of anyone else. If you truly want to take my godmother's heirloom from me, you must kill me first. You will have to pry it from my cold, dead hands." 
That's the only way. Otherwise, Vincent will never get anything from me! 
Vincent's frown deepened. His eyes flashed with endless frustration. 
"Rachel, I'm not in the mood to joke with you. Everything I've said is the truth. I like you and have fallen for you. There's nothing left to hide. You will only be with me for the rest of your life." 
Rachel was stunned. 
"What is wrong with you? Who are you to control who I spend my life with? What do you mean I can only be with you?" Rachel was furious. Although she had no plans to date or marry anyone, she still hoped she would find someone of her choosing. 
How could he say something so preposterous? 
Does he mean no one will want to marry me except him? No way!
###chapter1240
Chapter 1240
CHAPTER 1240 CAN’T YOU SPARE ME SOME DIGNITY? 
"Because no one will dare to court you!" Vincent declared sternly. Rachel looked at him and saw his cold and stubborn gaze. 
She was briefly stunned before scrunching her face in anger. "What are you going to do?" 
"I will court you openly. Let's see who dares to compete with me," Vincent said domineeringly, without a sense of shame. 
Rachel's expression darkened. "Vincent! Are you insane? Why won't you leave me alone?" 
Vincent scrunched his face in anger. He fought against the desire to storm off the car and said coldly, "Rachel, don't you have anything nice to say?" 
Rachel widened her eyes furiously. She breathed in deeply to control her anger before turning to him. "Nice? What about you? Everyone knows you're a serial womanizer. Women involved with you are treated with disdain afterward and can never find a decent man. People think there's something wrong with them simply because they dated you! Your philandering ways ruined them! Vincent, you're wealthy and influential, so you don't have to worry about what people think. I'm only an ordinary person and don't get that privilege. Can you not be so selfish?" 
Her words angered Vincent so much that he laughed. He did not know what he should say. 
Meanwhile, Rachel had not finished venting. She took a deep breath and looked at him coldly. "Godmother left that thing for me. It was never meant for you. Why must you keep fighting with me for
it? Since you hate her, why do you insist on taking what she left behind? What does it have to do with you?" 
Vincent clenched his fists before relaxing them. He said, "I've told you I don't want it anymore. You can keep it. It's yours." 
Rachel snorted and said, "Other than the heirloom, what else could make you humble yourself? You think I believe you?" 
"Whether you believe me is your problem. I've already expressed my stance. Rachel, wait, and you shall see." 
After saying that, Vincent got up from the backseat and agilely climbed into the driver's seat. 
Rachel's expression changed. She immediately tried to open the door, but it would not budge. Seeing Vincent starting the car, she demanded urgently, "Where are you bringing me?" 
"We're going to have dinner." 
Rachel widened her eyes in shock. 
"Are you insane? Didn't I say I don't want to be with you? Even if you're telling the truth, I don't want to go out with you! Who are you to force me to leave with you? I don't want dinner! I only want to go back to my office! Otherwise, I'll get penalized for being absent!" 
"Weren't you frequently absent from work?" 
Rachel had nothing to say. 
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before replying angrily, "Can't you see I don't want to be with you?" 
I've said so many harsh words to him. Why won't he let me out of the car? Doesn't he feel any shame? How can he not be annoyed? 
She felt her blood pressure rising. 
Vincent completely ignored Rachel throughout the journey. He pretended not to hear no matter what she said. That prompted Rachel to give up. 
She stopped protesting. 
Once they arrived at the destination, Vincent turned to Rachel, "We're here." 
But Rachel remained in her seat and would not budge. She hated being with Vincent, especially in public places. He was a public figure and desired by who knows how many women. She did not want to be the target of their animosity.
###chapter1241
Chapter 1241
CHAPTER 1241 GET AWAY FROM ME! 
Vincent frowned. He got out of the car and opened the backseat door. "Are you coming out?" 
Rachel looked at him unhappily. "You wouldn't let me out when I wanted to. Now, you want me to leave when I don't want to. What kind of joke is this? Leave me alone! I'm not getting out of the car! What are you going to do about it?" 
Vincent had expected her to react this way and was not angry. Instead, he looked at her with a barely perceptible smirk. "Are you sure you don't want to get out?" 
His words triggered Rachel, prompting her to retort coldly, "I'm staying here! What are you going to do about it?" 
"Sure, you said it yourself. Don't regret it later." Vincent closed the door after saying that. 
Rachel widened her eyes in confusion and was not sure what he meant. 
"What do you mean?" 
Vincent did not respond. He quickly returned to the driver's seat and started the car before Rachel could figure out what he was up to. 
Seeing him driving, she furrowed her brow and asked, "Where are you going?" 
Vincent ignored her and continued driving. 
"B*stard! Where are you bringing me? Let me out now!" 
"I asked if you wanted to come out of the car, but you refused. This is what you wanted," Vincent said with a sneer and did not care how angry Rachel was. 
Instead, he drove faster, causing her to panic. "Where are you bringing me? Are you crazy? This is kidnapping! Vincent, don't you dare think about getting my godmother's heirloom from me! Also, don't even dream about liking me. I'll never date a scoundrel like you!" 
Vincent sneered. "You can think whatever you like." 
He had thought things through. Instead of wasting his breath arguing with Rachel, he might as well express his sincerity through actions. He was curious to hear what Rachel would say over time. 
He was determined to win this time around. 
"D*mn you! Let me out of the car right now!" Rachel was about to lose her mind from panic. 
However… 
Vincent refused to entertain her. Rachel hurled insults at him for around ten minutes before realizing it was pointless. She stopped shouting. It was finally quiet inside the car. 
Vincent arched his eyebrows and casually put on some music. 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
What the heck? 
How can such an insufferable person exist? 
She clenched her teeth and remained silent, knowing it was useless to say anything. She glanced out the window and realized something was wrong. This road! Isn't it… 
Her expression blanched. "You crazy b*stard! Why are you bringing me to your house?" 
Although they were enemies, Rachel still knew where he lived. 
"Since you don't want to go out for dinner, we can have dinner at my place," Vincent answered casually. 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
She was too tired to argue with him. 
After all, he would not listen to anything she said. 
It was infuriating to be ignored like that. 
They soon arrived at Vincent's home. After everything that happened, it was already time to clock out from work. 
Vincent parked the car. Before he could get out, Rachel dashed out of the car one step ahead and began running away. 
Vincent's expression darkened dangerously. He should have known that Rachel would never be so compliant. 
He rushed out of the car and chased after Rachel, who was running in high heels. 
Rachel glanced behind and screamed, "Don't follow me! Stay away from me!"
###chapter1242
Chapter 1242
CHAPTER 1242 PERSISTENCE 
Vincent easily caught up with Rachel and grabbed her. 
Rachel struggled, but she was not as strong as him. She fought with all her might and still could not break free. 
"You… You…" 
Have you lost your mind? 
Rachel could not muster the strength to say that to him. 
What's the use of telling him? 
He won't care anyway! 
"I've instructed them to prepare dinner. You will stay the night." Vincent did not care whether Rachel was willing and pulled her toward the villa. 
"Let me go! I'm not hungry!" 
"You have to eat even if you're not hungry." 
"Are you crazy?" 
"Yes, I've fallen for you after all." 
Rachel was rendered speechless. When did he become such a rascal? 
"Let me go! We are unsuitable for each other! You should stop wasting your effort!" 
"We won't know whether we are a good match unless we try," Vincent replied calmly. 
Rachel took a deep breath and scolded, "D*mn it! I don't want you! I never wanted to be with you! Please let me go. I beg you." 
"If I let you go, what about me?" Vincent replied evenly. 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
D*mn it! We are not even on the same channel here! 
Is he insane? 
I've already worded everything clearly. Yet, he still behaves like this! 
Does he have no self-respect? 
Doesn't he feel embarrassed? 
This is completely unlike his usual arrogant self. What's going on? 
After a brief pause, Rachel looked at him incredulously. "Dude, are you possessed?" 
By now, Vincent had dragged Rachel into the villa and sat on the couch. Vincent even forced her to change her shoes. 
It would take her more time to escape from the house. 
"Possessed? Do you think I look possessed?" Vincent gritted his teeth and looked at her. "You're so passive that I have to take charge of everything. Rachel, you can only ever be with me." 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
Has he gone mad? 
This was not the first time such a thought went through her mind. She felt like she was on the verge of a mental breakdown. 
Vincent! 
D*mn you! 
He's crazy! 
He has really gone mad! 
Rachel took a deep breath and internally reminded herself to calm down. 
Don't be angry. Calm down. Life is like a game because fate brings people together. 
Huh? 
What the heck? 
How can Vincent and I be fated? 
Even if we are fated, it's cursed fate! 
Rachel was still unable to leave after that. Vincent dragged her to the bathroom to wash her hands before pulling her to the dining table and making her sit down. The servants' eyes flashed with astonishment upon seeing them. Everyone working in this villa knew at least something about their boss. 
They knew Vincent had some disputes with Rachel. Thus, they were surprised to see how their relationship had changed. 
Why is Mr. Shane so proactive? Why does he seem so eager to please her? 
What… what the heck is going on? 
Everyone secretly observed Rachel and Vincent. They could see how sullen Rachel was. 
Although they suspected something, no one dared to ask. Since the servants had completed their tasks, they could only retreat quietly into the background. 
Rachel looked at the food on the table and realized she was hungry. Since she could not leave, she grabbed a fork and ate. 
There was nothing much I could do. I've already lost my virginity. What is there to be afraid of? Moreover, I don't think Vincent will stoop that low.
###chapter1243
Chapter 1243
CHAPTER 1293 FOOLING AROUND 
Elisa was speechless when she heard that. 
Grandma once said that she wouldn't force us. Yet, now she's privately asking Gareth to pursue me! 
Gareth looked at her indifferently. "I know." 
"What do you know? When are you visiting her?" Julia asked regrettably. "I was already sleeping, but I had a nightmare about Elisa avoiding you completely. In the dream, she was very annoyed by you and despised you greatly. I don't understand how you can be so useless in relationships; you are so successful in running a business, yet you are a nobody in front of Elisa!" 
Elisa remained speechless while Gareth's face darkened further. 
His lips were pressed into a grim line as he remained silent. The speaker was still on, and he didn't seem to have any intentions of turning it off. 
"Hey, say something! When are you going to visit her? If you lose such a good woman, I'll disinherit you! Oh, how infuriating!" 
Julia clenched her phone tightly. Initially, she was lying on her bed. She grew more agitated whenever the topic was brought up, so she sat up to scold him. 
Gareth pursed his lips before replying slowly, "I'm at her place now." 
There was a brief silence before she exploded, "You rascal! Have you started telling lies? Is this how you talk to your grandmother now?" 
"I'm serious," Gareth replied calmly. He was starting to feel better listening to Julia's reactions. 
"Do you think I'll believe you? It takes some time for you to reach Elisa's place!" Julia let out a snort. "You'd better pay her a visit tomorrow, or you'll have to explain to me!" 
"I said it just now – I'm already at her place now," he repeated patiently. 
Elisa felt a sense of foreboding premonition. 
Sure enough, Julia snorted out laughing from her anger. 
"Alright, then. Let me hear her voice to prove yourself." 
"The call on loudspeakers. She heard everything you said just now," he added. 
Julia's eyebrow twitched. I've promised Elisa to stop pairing them up. But now… 
Julia's expression changed, but she still asked skeptically, "Are you making a fool out of me?" 
Gareth pursed his lips before replying slowly, "I'm at her place now." 
"No." Gareth looked at Elisa and said, "Say something." 
Elisa looked back at him in confusion. 
It's already not ideal that I overheard their conversation, and it's an even worse idea to let Grandma know I'm here. What is wrong with him? 
She stared at his handsome face quietly and shot him a stare. 
Nevertheless, he looked back at her without speaking, insisting that she say something. 
Julia paid close attention to the sounds on the other end but didn't hear anything. 
"You rascal! You're clearly fooling around with me! Elisa doesn't even reciprocate your feelings, so you should buckle up!" 
Gareth hung up the call. 
Just when Julia was infuriated by his actions, she suddenly received a video call from him. 
She picked it up hesitantly. The moment she was about to speak, the screen switched from Gareth to Elisa. 
As soon as Julia saw Elisa sitting on the couch with her head lowered, her expression changed instantly. 
"I "
###chapter1244
Chapter 1244
CHAPTER 1294 IT’S A SUCCESS! 
Julia froze and couldn't utter a word. Is he really at Elisa's house? 
Julia looked confused. 
She had promised Elisa not to act that way. But now? 
Julia sensed that something wasn't right. Her grandchild was probably pulling her leg! 
When she thought of that, she couldn't help but probe the truth from him. "Are you really at Elisa's house?" 
Gareth looked calm while Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She didn't move, pretending the screen was frozen, but Gareth spoke up immediately. 
"Lift your head. Grandma is looking at you." 
Elisa didn't say a word. 
What else could she say in this situation? She lifted her head and looked at Gareth's camera. She forced out a smile at the camera. 
"Grandma..." 
Her voice seemed forced. 
Elisa truly felt that this situation wasn't appropriate. Moreover, she didn't expect Gareth to point the camera toward her. 
"Elisa?" Julia had an unnatural expression when she saw Elisa. She looked confused and was eager to give her grandchild a good beating! 
Why didn't he tell her earlier? 
"Yes..." Elisa replied softly. After a brief pause, she softly said, "Grandma, it's late. Why haven't you slept?" 
At that moment, she could only look at Gareth's camera while Julia's expression was obscured from view. 
However, she wasn't planning to take a look, as it would make Grandma feel more awkward and embarrassed. 
But... 
Not everything could go as she wished because there was a bastard who wanted to ensure they were unhappy. 
Gareth got up and walked towards Elisa. Julia could see the camera's movement capturing different
corners of the house. When she looked closely, she could see Elisa there. It wasn't an animation. It wasn't fabricated at all. 
Although she had never been to Elisa's new house, she knew its setup. She had seen it in the pictures. 
Julia felt her blood pressure rise. What an unfilial grandson! 
Soon after, Gareth sat beside Elisa. 
Elisa didn't say anything. 
Her body suddenly froze, but there was nothing she could do. Her face turned gloomy. 
Why didn't he tell her earlier? 
"Yes..." Elisa replied softly. After a brief pause, she softly said, "Grandma, it's late. Why haven't you slept?" 
However, she kept her composure. She couldn't let Grandma find out anything about their situation. 
Later, Gareth adjusted the camera, and Julia could see them both sitting together. 
In an instant... 
Julia's awkwardness disappeared. Instead, she was overjoyed. It's a success! 
These two will eventually get together! 
At that moment, her eyes were gleaming with endless joy. 
Before she could continue, she heard Gareth's voice from her handphone. "Both of you can have a conversation first." 
Gareth left his phone with Elisa as soon as she said that. 
Elisa was startled and couldn't say anything. 
This bastard! 
How could she turn off the camera at that moment? She had to prioritize Grandma's feelings. 
Elisa held on to the phone stiffly and slowly smiled at the camera. 
Julia remembered what Elisa had asked earlier and immediately answered, "I've just taken a nap."
###chapter1245
Chapter 1245
CHAPTER 1295 IN SYNC 
She was about to share that she woke up frightened due to a nightmare but immediately fell silent as she felt it wasn't suitable to share. 
Elisa could immediately sense that Grandma must've had a nightmare about the both of them and became worried. That was the reason she called Gareth. 
She didn't know how to continue the conversation. 
Julia also felt awkward. 
She took a deep breath and hastily said, "I... I'm feeling a bit tired now that it's getting late. Both of you should rest earlier too." 
Elisa was confused. 
Why do her words sound coy? 
Gareth stood by the side. The corner of his lips lifted slightly, but he immediately pulled back his face into an impassive expression as if he had never smiled. 
Before Elisa could reply, Julia had ended the call. 
It must be... 
Elisa passed the handphone back to Gareth, and her face turned somber. 
What could she question Gareth at that moment? 
Now that everything had passed, she had nothing to say. 
She coldly said, "Grandma saw us together. Can you leave now?" 
He hadn't explained his plans to her until now, but she wasn't in the mood to talk to him. 
Gareth calmly told her, "We'll leave five days earlier." 
Elisa's eyes trembled slightly. 
Five days earlier? 
She thought they were leaving three days earlier. 
But if this is the plan, he must've something to do. 
After contemplating for a while, she held back her frustration and reluctance to converse with him and finally asked him softly, "What are your plans?" 
Gareth's expression was calm. "I'm going to do some investigations. Many people have been interested in Hesperis recently. Besides, it's the final item to be presented at the auction. I'll head there earlier to find out more about it." 
Some things couldn't be handled by Thomas alone. Gareth had to be there. 
Elisa thought for a while and nodded. "Alright, what do you need me to do?" 
She had to help him if it was within her ability. 
"I'll let you know when we get there." 
Elisa looked confused. 
"Why not tell me now?" 
Gareth pursed his lips without responding. 
Elisa was left speechless by the way he blatantly ignored her. 
Besides, she was not in the mood to ask any further. 
She looked blankly at the person in front of her. "So, could you leave now?" 
If he isn't going to say anything, then there's no need to stay here any longer. 
Elisa's eyes trembled slightly. 
Five days earlier? 
Gareth's face remained inscrutable to discern. 
His eyes looked somber, but he did not even move an inch. 
Elisa's forehead creased into a deep scowl. How did his skin become so thick? 
He always refuses to leave. 
While she was feeling frustrated, her phone rang. 
It was a call from an unknown number. Elisa's brows furrowed at the unexpected phone call. She'd much rather pick up a phone call that might've been a prank than talk to the stubborn man in front of her who refused to get out. 
She immediately accepted the call. 
"Hello." 
"Hi, Elisa." 
The voice was altered. 
Elisa frowned and went straight into the study. At the same time, she hinted at Gareth with a meaningful glance. 
Gareth stood up and followed her without saying a word. 
Elisa showed him the screen on her phone. She then took out her earphones to listen more closely to
the voice. Finally, she proceeded to ask the caller sternly, "Who are you?" 
"It doesn't matter who I am. We're good as long as I know who you are." 
Elisa remained calm and did not utter a word before Gareth took out a laptop to intercept their call. 
At times, their minds were so in sync.
###chapter1246
Chapter 1246
CHAPTER 1296 DON’T FLATTER YOURSELF 
Elisa accepted the call and didn't say anything. Besides, Gareth only heard the caller say Elisa's name. 
Nonetheless, Gareth cooperated with Elisa and was prepared to hack into the caller's system. 
It was a type of teamwork that anyone else couldn't easily achieve. 
Unless they were someone who had a wide range of skill sets like they did. 
Elisa held onto the phone and waited for the caller to speak. After a short pause, the person on the other end of the line chuckled, "I should've made this call much earlier, but it would have been a loss to call you when you were not skilled enough to be my opponent. Congratulations! You're finally worthy of my call." 
The dainty voice had an arrogant tone. The caller chuckled again after replying. Their attitude towards Elisa was filled with both admiration and contempt. 
It was as if Elisa had become the toy they was interested in. 
Elisa wasn't affected by the caller's words. Instead, she asked indifferently, "So what now?" 
"So what?" The dainty voice giggled, seemingly satisfied with her response. "Nothing. I just wanted to know how you feel after being defeated by me like a rat on the street. Do you want to accept defeat?" 
Elisa's eyes were fixed on Gareth. She calmly said, "I can accept defeat." 
"What?" The dainty voice froze as she was startled. They continued to speak calmly, "I heard that Ms. Benett is always on your high horse, but how can you speak of accepting your defeat so easily? I nearly jumped out of my skin as I've heard very different things about you." 
Elisa's eyes twitched. "If you're not from Zovain, don't use their idioms. You'll look pathetic." 
"You!" The caller barked furiously. 
Elisa grinned. "You could try to check what it means." 
"Ha, very good!" The dainty voice deepened. Soon after, they spoke coldly, "Seeing how you're not interested in having a proper conversation, don't blame me for crossing the line." 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "The reason you called today was to brag to me?" 
"No, I just felt bored recently. Since you're a tough one, I thought you would be a fun toy for me, so I called you." 
Elisa's eyes were fixed on Gareth. She calmly said, "I can accept defeat." 
Elisa looked calm. Her gaze fell on the computer screen that Gareth was controlling, and she replied coldly, "You're so childish." 
"How can this be considered childish? Every predator loves playing with their food. I remember another idiom from your country, one that describes how it feels like to be on cloud nine. I'm thrilled to see how pathetic you've become after what I did to you." 
Elisa raised her eyebrows and continued the conversation. "What did you do?" 
"Ha, doesn't it feel like a living hell? Are you satisfied with merely being alive?" 
The corner of her lips twitched. She had no intention of taking any of their words to heart, but she had to continue the conversation as Gareth was hacking into the caller's system. "Who would want to die? Moreover, I've never been bothered by anything. As for you, aren't you ashamed that you couldn't get rid of me even after attacking me multiple times? You must be weak." 
The caller sneered at her comment, "I only wanted to play with you a little longer. Don't flatter yourself."
###chapter1247
Chapter 1247
CHAPTER 1297 WHAT A PRACTICAL PERSON 
"Are you simply enjoying the fun longer, or are you too afraid to meet me in person, so you're making up all these acts?" Elisa let out a chortle as she mocked her, "Not meeting me is equivalent to being shameless, don't you think?" 
"You..." The caller turned hasty, but they kept their composure and snickered, "Hah..you see, I want to test if you're a worthy opponent. If you can stay alive, I might allow you to meet me. I hope you won't disappoint the expectations I have for you." 
Elisa's eyes twitched. "I don't care about meeting your expectations. However, I'm a little curious about the deep-seated hatred you have for me. Especially one where you'd resort to moving countries to kill me." 
Elisa had been trying to find out why but had been too busy recently. She didn't know who the caller was, nor was she aware of her connections with this person. 
"You don't have to waste your effort as you'll never figure it out, and you don't have to know. You only need to know one thing." After a slight pause, the dainty voice chuckled, "Once I lose interest in the game, your end will come." 
"Also, don't try to track me down now. Anything you find out will be useless. I advise you to save your effort and spend this time talking to me." 
"I have nothing to say to you," Elisa muttered with an indifferent response. 
"You..." The caller laughed forcefully and replied, "What a practical person." 
Elisa stared at Gareth's computer and put down the phone immediately without saying a word. 
Gareth stopped tracking when the phone call ended. 
As expected, the caller had robust protection. They came prepared with a plan in mind, so it would be difficult to hack into their system. 
After the call ended, the other party didn't call again. 
Gareth shifted his gaze to look at her. "A mere argument?" 
He was navigating through the system on the computer the whole time, and Elisa wore her earphones, so he couldn't hear anything the caller said. He could only decipher what happened from the words that emerged from Elisa's mouth. 
Elisa froze slightly. "It seems to be so on the surface." 
Gareth pressed his lips together in a hard line. His spiritless eyes betrayed no hint of emotions. 
Elisa laid her handphone down and slowly looked at the man. "Once this matter is settled, you should stay away from me. I'm afraid your presence around me would inevitably bring harm to grandma." 
"I have nothing to say to you," Elisa muttered with an indifferent response. 
Gareth sneered at her comment. "Grandma doesn't know anything, but do you think grandma would accept it if you suddenly become out of reach?" 
Elisa's brow furrowed in a tight knot, but she kept quiet. 
A deathly silence surrounded the study room. 
Both of them weren't saying anything. 
After a pause, Gareth looked calmly at her. "You can't live alone from now on." 
Elisa scowled in response. She wanted to refute him, but Gareth continued with a somber tone, "I won't leave you to fend for yourself just for grandma's sake. Before grandma recovers, I won't leave." 
Elisa clenched her jaws and asserted, "I can protect myself." 
Gareth stared at her calmly. "How can you guarantee that?" 
He knew how vicious the other party was. 
Moreover, he knew that Elisa wouldn't let him help if he did not express his sincere wish to help her. 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say a word more.
###chapter1248
Chapter 1248
CHAPTER 1248 LINDA’S SCHEME 
She had never obtained Gareth's love, yet she became the enemy of all Gareth's admirers. Wasn't that the greatest joke? 
If she occupied a special place in Gareth's heart, she wouldn't mind becoming the target of the attack, but that was not even the case! Elisa felt irritated being trapped in such constraints. 
After some time, Gareth seemed to have calmed down. He turned to glance coldly at Elisa, who was sitting silently with her eyes filled with sarcasm. His face clouded over. "Don't be involved in any collaboration with her." 
Elisa replied nonchalantly, "This collaboration will benefit both Benett Corporation and Tabor Group greatly. She won't harm me at this moment." 
The truth was, Elisa was suspicious of Nicole, too, before she came. Nonetheless, after much consideration, she reckoned Nicole wouldn't lay a finger on her tonight. Besides, someone as shrewd as Nicole wouldn't allow herself to become Linda's too. She would sit back to observe and only garner the benefits when both Linda and Elisa suffered losses. The perfect situation was to be the most successful person, so she didn't have to be used by Linda. 
"She has started contacting Linda. Even if she doesn't come after you now, how can you be sure that Linda won't? Do you think Nicole has no intention of helping Linda?!" Gareth hit the brake abruptly and pulled off the road. 
His was the only car on the wide, empty street. 
Gareth's countenance was extremely gloomy as he glared fiercely at Elisa. 
Elisa pressed her lips and uttered, "Don't worry. I'll protect myself." 
Gareth scoffed. "How? Linda knew you met up with Nicole today. If it wasn't for me being here, do you think Linda would let you off?" 
"I came prepared." Elisa looked at Gareth calmly. "Of course I am well prepared since I dare to come. I'm not one on their chopping block whom they can slaughter as they wish." 
Gareth wasn't in a good mood today. To him, Elisa was stupid to come and meet Nicole recklessly. Elisa understood why he was angry, but she sensed Gareth had other emotions. She couldn't figure it out, so she tried to confirm it. Something was unusual about these complicated, conflicting feelings, yet she thought she was overthinking. 
He's not genuinely worried about me. It's merely because I'm an important doctor to them. 
Elisa closed her eyes to control her emotions. Then, she looked at Gareth's sullen face and said, "Let's go." 
"Are you still going to collaborate with Nicole?" 
"No." 
She knew even if she did, Gareth would disrupt their project. So, it was better to be obedient until Julia had recovered. 
In fact, she came with another motive today – to see what Linda would do to her. However, Gareth's arrival had alerted Linda, so she didn't dare to act as her plan. 
Just now, Elisa and Nicole had walked around the village for quite some time, so Elisa was expecting some 'accident' to happen. Nonetheless, Gareth's appearance impeded what could happen. 
Once again, she failed to catch Linda.
###chapter1249
Chapter 1249
CHAPTER 1249 WHY IS SHE HERE? 
Gareth said indifferently as if he could read her thoughts, "Leave this matter to me." 
Elisa gave him a surprised expression. She remained silent, perhaps waiting for him to say more. 
Gareth already spoke quietly after regaining his composure, "Linda has cut ties with those standing behind her. You can continue with what you usually do because the situation is unfolding. Let me handle the rest." 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. "Is there really an advantage to paying for your grandmother's and your own medical care?" 
Gareth's face, barely recuperated, appeared to darken again. 
But Elisa nonchalantly grinned, unconcerned. "I don't need you. I can handle these things myself." 
"Elisa." With repressed rage, Gareth said her name. 
But Elisa lazily raised her gaze. "Despite the difficulties, I sincerely hope you will allow me some privacy. Gareth, we're all grown-ups with our priorities. I've already promised to live, and I will do so." 
Elisa thought there was nothing else to say if he couldn't grant her this confidence level. 
"You...!" The blood vessels in Gareth's temples throbbed. 
Elisa missed the change in expression since the automobile's interior was darkly illuminated. She just knew his unpleasant mood. 
Gareth paused before restarting the vehicle. 
Both remained silent the entire way. 
Gareth's return this time took longer than usual—more than an hour. 
Initially, Elisa was reading calmly in the passenger seat, but somehow, she started to nod off. 
When Gareth came to a halt, he noticed the individual sitting next to him was breathing slowly. 
Gareth's icy expression abruptly melted as his eyes landed on her beautiful features. 
Gareth paused before restarting the vehicle. 
He couldn't enter Elisa's house since she had already changed the fingerprint on the lock. He just took the automobile to his house. 
No, specifically, it was their former marital home. 
Elisa showed no signs of waking up as the automobile stopped again. She had been worn out during this time and had not slept the previous night. She was exhausted now because she had worked all day. 
Additionally, she was unaware that Gareth was lying beside her when she slept off. 
She was still on the bed, sound asleep, when suddenly, she was awakened by a pleasant scent. It had a soothing smell that put her at peace. She felt someone was holding her in her half-asleep condition, but she couldn't sense anyone. 
A day later. 
Elisa's phone alarm woke her up. 
She didn't need alarms to wake up because her internal body clock was often exact. Just for added security, she set the alarm. 
However today... 
Elisa opened her eyes, shut off the alarm, and felt her body shock violently as she took in the familiar yet foreign surroundings. 
Elisa jerkily got up the next second and looked around the room. 
The bedroom was tranquil, still exuding the same elegant and serene atmosphere. This was where she had lived for several years, which held her most profound memories. 
However, due to her prolonged absence, there was a sense of unfamiliarity. 
Elisa shook her head in disbelief and closed her eyes. She was still in this environment when she opened them again, leaving her utterly bewildered. 
What's going on? Why am I here?
###chapter1250
Chapter 1250
CHAPTER 1250 GROWING OLD TOGETHER 
As Elisa got out of bed, she experienced a range of feelings. 
Her heart sank for a second as she realized everything was the same. 
For her, this location had far too many memories. 
She and Gareth had spent relatively little time together in this house over the three years, yet she still remembered every small thing. 
But she felt oddly alien as she attempted to remember them now. 
She recalled an incident in which Gareth entered the bedroom unexpectedly shortly after she had awakened. 
His expression was grave. 
She no longer felt surprised as she stared at Gareth in perplexity; she could see that he was in a foul mood then. Elisa still asked the question. 
"Why... did you come back all of a sudden?" 
Gareth gave her a cold smile and said, "How many more lowly tricks do you plan to play?" 
Elisa's complexion darkened right away. Even though she was aware that he was upset, she initially
believed that something nasty outside was to blame. She didn't assume that she would be the target of that rage. 
She had no idea what Gareth was discussing. She still had illusions about him and wanted to have a happy life with him. She, therefore, had a different perspective on Gareth than she had now. 
She questioned, shaking her head unconsciously, "What did I do?" 
Gareth replied with a sneer and an unpleasant tone, "She is currently unresponsive and unconscious in bed. Do you still intend to insult her? Elisa, you are now Mrs. Wickam. Everyone believes your good facade. How long do you intend to stir up a ruckus? Do you intend to face up against a vegetable? She had already endured enough pain." 
Elisa shook her head firmly as her face turned even paler. "I did visit her, but when did I make a provocative comment? I made no mention of you in front of her. But why do you misunderstand me like this? Did someone say something to you?" 
Elisa had no reason to mistrust anyone because she hadn't done anything, yet she did so because Gareth had misread her in this way. Although she suspected it may be her uncle and aunt, she couldn't believe it. She had always thought they wouldn't act in such a manner. 
"You snake…Do you still want to bite somebody right now?" Gareth had a scornful gaze and an oppressive air that gave off the impression that he would choke her at any second. 
Elisa was truly hurt when a sharp ache tore through her heart. While faking a sour grin, she remarked, "Since you don't believe me, then I have nothing more to say." 
There was no need for extraneous justifications. 
She had to accept reality even if she desired a happy life with Gareth. What was the use of explaining in such a beseeching and modest way if the other person didn't believe a word you said? 
"You are speechless in defense," Gareth's tone got icier. He continued speaking in a threatening manner, "Elisa, you need to control yourself. All the fake fame you need is already yours. Please refrain from letting me discover that you can act in such a disgusting manner evermore. Please treat her with respect as she is your sister. I won't tolerate it if I learn about it again in the future!" 
Elisa suddenly laughed desolately, "Won't tolerate..." 
When Gareth's judgmental stare settled on her face, Elisa gently raised her head and grinned at him, "And have you ever tolerated? Over these years, haven't you tortured me? I was delusional, hoping to grow old together with you." 
Elisa's words seemed too funny, and Gareth couldn't help but chuckle at her.
###chapter1251
Chapter 1251
CHAPTER 1251 SHE COULD NOT STAND SUCH A LIFE 
"I've never seen anyone as id*otic as you in this world." Gareth's cold eyes were mocking her. As he was about to leave, he stopped and said, "Don't think you can do whatever you like because Grandma protects you. This is my last warning to you, Elisa. Watch your step." 
He left without giving her a glance. 
Elisa felt her energy suck out of her as the door shut close. She sat on the bed and only did not collapse because her hand was propping her up. 
… 
The memory ended at that point. 
Now, Elisa was also sitting on the bed. The only difference was her posture. She did not need to prop herself up like she had done the other day. A look of ridicule filled her eyes. Her only memory in the place was endless distress and a suffocating life. 
Perhaps she had been unattached for so long that she had forgotten the misery she once felt. 
Or it could be that she gradually sealed away her memories because Gareth was treating her differently from before. 
But… Now that she was back in the place, she felt that the memories were awakened. The pain and anguish came back to her. It was as though all that she had experienced had just happened yesterday. 
A knock was heard on the bedroom door. 
She lifted her eyes subconsciously toward the direction, unmoving. 
Because she knew that Gareth must be the one who had knocked. 
She vaguely remembered dozing off in the car last night but could not remember what happened afterward. He must be the one who had brought her here. 
But why did he not wake her up on the way? 
Elisa furrowed her eyebrows and said in a low voice, "Come in." 
The door opened. 
Gareth had a calm expression on his face. It was completely different from her memory of his frosty expression. 
"Did you sleep well?" 
She looked at him icily. It was also completely different from her usual calmness. 
Gareth's gaze faltered. It was evident that he had noticed she was not in a good mood. 
Elisa spoke after a pause. "Why did you bring me to this place?" 
"You were asleep last night," he replied plainly. 
"There was no reason why you couldn't wake me up." 
"You looked exhausted. I don't have the passcode to your house, so I brought you here." 
Gareth thought she would not find it intolerable since she was familiar with the place. 
He would never have guessed what she had remembered. 
Elisa's expression was cold. She stood up without a word and went to the bathroom. 
Yet… 
Her mind was filled with memories the moment she stepped into the room. 
At the time, she was washing up in the bathroom. Gareth, just like before, barged in and questioned her. It had something to do with Linda again. 
She shut her eyes. 
She thought she had let go of the past. But the memories were burrowing in her mind relentlessly. She did not give the past much thought after the divorce. Yet being back in the place reminded her of it repeatedly. 
The wave after wave of emotions was harrowing. 
She tried her best to keep her emotions under control. She washed up and only went out after calming herself down. 
She frowned when she saw that he was still in the room. But it was his house, and he did not seem to have anything to say. She strode out of the room. 
She refused to stay there for another second. She could not stand such a life! 
Gareth watched as she walked out without a word. His eyes dimmed, but he followed her. 
When they went downstairs, it seemed that Elisa was leaving the house. He frowned. "Where are you going?"
###chapter1252
Chapter 1252
CHAPTER 1252 I SAID I’M NOT INTERESTED 
"I'm going to work." 
"Have breakfast before you go." 
Food was already served on the dining table. 
But Elisa had no interest in having a meal with him although she was hungry. "I'm not hungry. There's an urgent matter at the company." 
It was enough that he was controlling himself from saying or doing anything. She held back because he had gastric cancer. 
I shouldn't be bothered by this. I shouldn't have any feelings. It's all in the past. She kept repeating in her head. 
All that she had experienced was a result of what she had chosen. There was nothing for her to say. 
She should not have any resentment toward anyone because it was her choice. She liked Gareth at first. Even though he had no feelings for her, she chose to marry him without hesitation, thinking it would eventually come to fruition. But the failed marriage became a warning for her and made her see the light. 
It did not matter that she went down the wrong path back then. What mattered was that she chose the right decision from now on. Gareth bringing her home enlightened her. She should thank him. 
She shut her eyes and took a deep breath. The light was dazzling when she opened her eyes. 
It was as though she had completely recovered. 
She was finally clear-headed. 
It changed her outlook toward Gareth. 
Gareth's expression turned sour when he saw she still wanted to leave. "Elisa, what are you avoiding now?" 
He strode toward her. He was only a few steps away when she tried to evade him. He swiftly grabbed her. 
She frowned but could not escape his grasp. "Let me go." 
He looked at her coldly without a word, seemingly waiting for her reply. 
She struggled for a while but could not get away. She furrowed her eyebrows. "I have no interest in eating with you. Are you satisfied with that answer?" 
His gaze turned colder as he fixed his eyes on her face. "I need an explanation." 
"Explanation?" She was suppressing her displeasure but hearing that he was completely clueless, she hit the roof. "This place holds three years of my misery. This place tells me I was foolish for trying to hold on to a silly love. Nothing has changed in this place. Every single corner reminds me all my efforts
were for nothing. It was the worst I've been in my life. Every part of this place reminds me how pathetic and miserable my life was. And all of it was caused by the person before me. Gareth, what other explanation do you want?" 
Elisa was worked up. Her voice raised a few decibels toward the end. 
Gareth was taken aback. He never expected Elisa to say such things. He pinched his lips silently but did not loosen his grip on her. 
She tried to push him away but only managed to swing his arm about. She could not get away from him. "Let go!" She said exasperatingly. 
She wanted to leave, far away from the place filled with shadows of her failure. 
Inexplicably, Gareth felt irritated but said in a low voice, "Have breakfast first." 
Elisa's expression darkened as the man pulled her along forcefully. She struggled and said frustratingly, "I said I'm not interested!"
###chapter1253
Chapter 1253
CHAPTER 1253 I WANT TO APOLOGIZE 
"As a doctor, you should care about my physical and emotional well-being. Have breakfast with me." 
Elisa was infuriated by his words. She had calmed down, but the man's appearance changed her attitude. 
"You're the one that has stomach cancer, not me! Anything anyone does for you will not matter if you don't even care for yourself! Your attitude is despicable, and you don't deserve to live! You might as well croak over now and let someone better take your place." 
Gareth felt a vein twitching on his forehead. He cooled his emotions and said, "I will eat if you stay and will also take care of myself." 
"Are you using your morals to manipulate me?" Elisa scoffed. 
Gareth never cared about her emotional health. He would rather believe a notorious liar than anything she said. She thought about that time and was overwhelmed with annoyance. 
Why do I have to care for him? Pity him? Is he worth it?! 
Waves of hostility rolled off Elisa. Even though she was a doctor and needed to put the patient's interest first, she only felt infuriation when looking at Gareth. 
Gareth sat next to her and held her hand. He looked at her calmly and said, "If you think so." 
Elisa gathered her energy to shake his hand off, but his grip held on. She scowled. "I won't care if you die. It doesn't matter to me if you want to eat or not. I was kind enough to save you. Don't ask for more, Gareth. You're not worth it! You're just like a dog in my eyes!" 
Elisa was like a porcupine. She blurted out the words without consideration, but her eyes were extraordinarily emotionless. It looked like she had found peace and was speaking after careful consideration. It didn't seem strange to see her mad yet passive. 
She was angry because she had been mistreated, and her memories had been awakened. 
On the other hand, she was calm because she had accepted everything. 
Gareth's grip on her hand seemed to lessen. Gareth could not forget even a single detail of his past with Elisa with his photographic memory. The memories floated in his head, and the root of the problem was Linda Benett. 
Although the vein on his forehead was ready to burst, Gareth kept cool and quietly said, "I was wrong." 
Elisa's eyes flashed, and she looked at the man suspiciously. Is he apologizing? Is the sun rising from the west? 
Elisa quietly stared at him with frosty eyes. 
Their breakfast was still on the table, untouched. Neither of them moved. 
The man was still holding onto Elisa's wrist. He held on so tight there would probably be a mark once he released her. 
Elisa did not want to waste her breath on this man. Yet, she couldn't leave. It was useless to say anymore. She was swarmed with irritation. 
"It was my mistake to believe Linda's schemes and her parents' stirring the pot. It was all my fault. I want to apologize." 
Elisa was apprehensive. I never knew a day would come when the high and mighty Gareth Wickam would apologize. 
She glared at him and asked, "What use is an apology?" 
Moreover, Gareth did not realize how much he had hurt Elisa.
###chapter1254
Chapter 1254
CHAPTER 1254 WOULD HE REALLY LISTEN? 
Elisa inhaled deeply to compress the frustration within her. "Gareth, I don't need your apology. The events in the past may have involved you, but I'm also to blame. If I wasn't so infatuated with you, I wouldn't have experienced such hurt. I can only blame myself and not you. However, not blaming you doesn't mean I forgive you. I want you to understand how I felt. I remember everything you did to me. I will never be with you in this lifetime! I will not make trouble for myself and repeat the same mistakes!" 
Gareth was speechless. Elisa was full of enmity. Yet, Gareth felt a strange and unfamiliar emotion when he heard she didn't blame him. Is this… unsettledness? 
Gareth furrowed his brows and remained quiet. He continued to hold onto Elisa's wrist despite her struggles. 
Elisa frowned at him. "What can I do to make you release me? I'm watching over your treatment and collaborating with you to make Grandma happy. What else do you want me to do? Don't you think you're pathetic?" 
Gareth silently grimaced at the person before him. 
Elisa took a deep breath. "What can I do? Will you please tell me? I know you don't like me, so why must you force us together? Grandma is fine with our situation now. Is she not?" 
The creases on Gareth's forehead increased. After a moment of silence, he calmly said, "Let's have breakfast first." 
"What?" 
How have I never noticed how terrifying his stubbornness was? Is he sick in the head? What is he doing, saying nothing and asking me to have breakfast? 
Elisa did not move. She glared at Gareth coldly. 
Gareth continued to hold onto Elisa's wrist with his right hand while bringing the food to Elisa with his left. 
If there were any spectators in the room, they would think they were in an amicable and loving relationship to be holding hands even when eating. 
Elisa did not make any movements. She glared at Gareth. 
Gareth paused his actions when he felt her glare. "I won't force you to do anything you don't like. But you must have breakfast." 
Does he mean I can leave after eating? And he will release her and not hound her to get back together anymore? 
Elisa brought up this question to Gareth, "Do you mean that once I have breakfast with you, you'll stop pursuing a relationship with me?" 
Gareth frowned but replied, "Yeah." 
Elisa was wary of his swift reply. Will he really do that? 
"Eat first." Gareth continued to place dishes before Elisa. 
Elisa's brows knitted together, but she picked up a fork after a thought. 
Whatever. I should just eat. I can't let my stomach go hungry. 
Gareth finally released her when he saw her eating. 
Elisa ate breakfast without intent to talk to Gareth. 
The crease between Gareth's brows smoothed out slightly. He picked up a fork and started eating, too. He didn't know why he wanted to eat with Elisa. Every time he ate with her, he felt like he was enjoying life instead of completing a basic requirement needed for survival.
###chapter1255
Chapter 1255
CHAPTER 1255 CALLING HIM WILL 
Very quickly, they finished breakfast. Neither ate much, just enough to keep their stomachs from growling. 
Elisa put down her utensils. Her face was a mask of tranquility. She did not spare one glance at Gareth. 
On the other hand, Gareth kept his eyes on her. "How biased are you toward me?" He asked her calmly. 
"Bias? Do you think everything you have done can account for my bias toward you?" She asked him passively. 
Gareth pursed his lips in thought. He looked at a loss and simultaneously agreed with Elisa. 
Elisa sneered. She didn't want to waste saliva on him. She got up and said, "There's nothing else for us to say. We don't need to debate on this topic. We can talk about anything if we are not together." 
Elisa left immediately after that. 
Gareth sat, motionless. He did not hold on to Elisa this time. His expression stayed troubled for a long time. 
… 
Elisa took an Uber to the office and arrived an hour later. Her car was still parked where she had left it
yesterday. She needed to get someone to drive it back. 
She noticed a text from Thomas when she turned on her phone. He had driven the car back, parked it in the basement, and given the key to her assistant. 
Elisa returned a message and put her phone back. She went back to work. 
However, her brain was filled with images from this morning's breakfast with Gareth. He hadn't said anything. He seemed even more pitiful than she did. 
In a moment, her annoyance rose again. Elisa turned on her computer but couldn't bring herself to work. She laid her arms on the desk and placed her head on them. She closed her eyes in silent meditation. 
Elisa's phone suddenly rang and shook her awake. She saw that it was Will calling and composed herself. 
"Mr. Darcey." 
"Why are you being a stranger?" Will sighed. 
Elisa blinked slowly. She ignored his question and asked, "Do you need something?" 
"Yeah, a little help. Do you have time for lunch this afternoon?" 
Elisa frowned. Grandma seems to be doing better. I don't want to do anything that distresses her or makes her worry. It will affect her recovery. She still needs her medications. Anything could happen, so
she needed to be careful. 
After pondering, she spoke quietly, "Can you not tell me over the phone?" 
"Not really. It's better if I told you in person. But if it's hard for you to be in public, we can meet privately," Will said nonchalantly. He did not want to pressure her. 
Elisa thought about it and replied, "Okay. I'll come with my assistant." 
She made it implicitly clear that she was meeting him for business, not for personal matters. 
Will's eyes narrowed, but he sighed, "Sure." 
"I'll see you in the afternoon." 
"Okay." 
Elisa hung up without replying. 
Will look at his phone and heave a sigh of exasperation. He felt he was getting further and further away from acquiring Elisa. She used to call him 'Will,' but now…
###chapter1256
Chapter 1256
CHAPTER 1256 ATTENTIVENESS 
Will released a long breath he had been holding. 
Will knew he was only making things harder for Elisa by not expressing his true thoughts. However, he didn't want to because he had found some information regarding Gareth's grandmother. He would go ahead with pursuing Elisa once the matter was resolved. He would not let Elisa return to Gareth now that she had finally escaped his hold. 
Everyone was busy with work in the morning. When afternoon came, Will did not go pick up Elisa. He knew Elisa wouldn't appreciate that. 
When he arrived, Elisa and her assistant were already sitting in a private booth in the restaurant. Elisa nodded and greeted him when she saw him. 
Will nodded back. Elisa's assistant stood up and respectfully greeted, "Mr. Darcey." 
Will nodded again. Will's assistant, Cole, followed suit and nodded in greeting to Elisa and her assistant. 
"Why did you get here so fast?" Will gently asked while sitting opposite her. 
Elisa raised a brow and replied, "There wasn't much traffic. We got here quicker than expected." 
Elisa's assistant, Patricia, sat down as well. She stayed silent. She followed along because her boss had asked her to. She analyzed Will and realized although he was an elite in the business world, he
seemed to be a gentle prince with her boss. He gave off an easygoing vibe. He looked at Elisa with bright and soft eyes. It was like he only had her eyes, despite the fact that Patricia and Cole were there too. 
Patricia and Cole felt like unnecessary extras. 
"Let's order." 
Elisa passed the menu to Will. Her gesture indicated that she was paying for today's meal. 
"Sure," Will naturally accepted. 
Patricia gaped at Will. Is he letting a woman pay? That doesn't seem right… 
The waitperson entered, and Will ordered eight dishes. Patricia's pupils trembled when she heard what he ordered. 
Ahah! So, that's what he's doing… He's ordering everything Ms. Benett likes! He must be really attentive toward her. He's so sweet to Ms. Benett. 
Patricia swiped a brief glance of jealousy at Elisa. 
Elisa's eyes shifted slightly, but she didn't say anything. 
The invitation to lunch was merely a farce. They were here to talk business, not just to eat. 
When the waitperson left, Elisa looked at Will and asked, "What are you planning to tell me this time?" 
"It's still related to jewelry. Someone has drawn out a marketing plan." 
"So fast?" Elisa asked warily. It hasn't been long since we last talked, and everyone is busy with their own work. How did he get it done so fast? 
Will smirked in silence. 
Cole passed a copy of the plan to Elisa. She took it and placed it between her and Patricia. They perused the plan together.
###chapter1257
Chapter 1257
CHAPTER 1257 STORMY SEAS 
They quickly finished scanning the document. When they looked up, there was doubt in both their gazes. 
"This plan seems… too risky," Elisa commented. 
Patricia stayed silent. She squashed the turmoil rolling within her. It is a risky move! 
"Fans might not fall for this kind of gimmick. But if they do, it will surely be a big hit!" It will help boost Rene's career. 
The corner of Will's lips lifted in a smirk. "Aren't we playing big? If we don't do something drastic at our level, we won't profit anything." 
Elisa could not refute his reasoning. However, it was a little… 
Silence encased the booth again. Will did not hurry them; he gave them time to consider. 
Patricia chose to remain silent. This gamble is too risky. I had better let Ms. Benett decide for herself. 
Elisa did not say anything, even when the waitperson brought their dishes. It was as though they were here for a meal and nothing else. She did not mention the matter. 
Will passed a fork and spoon to Elisa. Elisa accepted and started eating. It was a habit that grew from their recent frequent meetings. The plan could wait; they needed to eat first. 
Cole and Patricia were basically wallflowers. Neither spoke throughout the entire meal. They were there to run errands and make notes. They left everything else to their bosses. 
Once they were done eating, Elisa put down her cutlery and reread the document. 
Will was also done eating. 
Cole and Patricia noticed the two lead characters putting down their cutlery. They, too, slowly put theirs down. 
Will smiled and asked Elisa, "What do you think?" 
"It's a huge matter. I need some time to consider it, Mr. Darcey. But I will trust your insight." 
Will shook his head in displeasure, "Why are you still treating me like a stranger?" 
"It's respect," Elisa raised a brow in response. 
"Have I ever demanded your respect?" Will preferred how she used to call him. 
Elisa pursed her lips and changed the subject. "The risk we're taking will be big. I need to discuss this with the shareholders. I will convince them to accept." 
Will nodded, "I believe you. I'll go through with it if you accept." 
"Okay," Elisa nodded. 
The public anticipated what pieces would be released. It had been a while since Rene released anything new. Her fans were clamoring and waiting for a perfect design. 
They tittered in expectation with the announcement of the release. 
"I look forward to working with you," Will smiled. 
"Same here," Elisa grinned. She got up and said, "Since it's been discussed, I'll leave the rest to my assistant. I've been busy recently and can't leave my place empty for long. I hope you understand." 
"I understand," Will nodded in comprehension. His eyes held a glint of sympathy. 
Elisa paused at his gaze. She looked at him. 
He understands? 
What does he understand? 
Could it be… 
Does he know about Grandma's condition?
###chapter1258
Chapter 1258
CHAPTER 1258 THE MAN’S SUDDEN APPEARANCE 
Elisa frowned. If Will wanted to investigate, nothing would stop him from finding the results, not even Gareth's tight-lipped doctors. Does he really know something? 
Elisa scrutinized Will. He seemed as he always did. She looked away, thought about it, and finally said, "I'm going to go." 
"Okay." Will did not make any excuses to send her off. 
The group separated into their cars. 
Elisa thought about Will's gaze as she sat in the car. She hadn't thought much about it when her phone vibrated. She looked at it and noticed a Whatsapp message from Will. 
Will: 'I know you have a lot going on right now. I know you care about the old woman's health. I won't bother you during this time. But that doesn't mean you're not in my mind. I will pursue you when the situation improves.' 
Elisa's irises trembled. So, he does know. Does he also know I'm Mystic Orchid? 
She blinked and tried to ignore the guilt. 
She did not reply and deleted the message before anyone else could see it. She and Patricia rode back to the office in silence. When they got back, Elisa called a board of directors' meeting and brought up the topic. 
The board found the proposal ridiculous but agreed because it was Will's decision. Also, the plan was devised by one of Will's friends, who's famous in the field. The meeting finished in the blink of an eye, and Elisa informed Will of the decision immediately after. 
As she was about to return to her office, a plump middle-aged man walked toward Elisa. Elisa stopped after taking two steps, and the man came before her. His eyes no longer looked warm and gentle as they did or held the snobbishness they used to. Instead, the eyes were filled with unexplainable emotions and modesty. 
"Elisa…" Norman whimpered. 
Elisa stood motionless. She lowered the arm holding onto a blue file, and it landed next to her torso. 
Norman glanced at the file and back to Elisa, "I came to ask a favor. I'm in a tight spot and might trouble you. But… I have no other choices. Can we talk in your office?" 
Elisa raised a brow. She was curious about what tricks Norman would pull this time. So, she nodded and said, "Follow me." 
She led the way to her office. The silent hallways were filled with the echo of Elisa's heels tapping onto the floor. 
Norman followed her. The gaze in his eyes slowly turned from humbleness to sinister. If looks could kill, she would be dead. 
They quickly arrived at Elisa's office. Elisa shut the door and focused on Norman. 
"Go on." Elisa sat in the chairperson's seat and eyed the man before her. 
Norman's gaze was complicated. He looked around the office. This was where he used to work. However, he only lasted a few years before Elisa stole it all away!
###chapter1259
Chapter 1259
CHAPTER 1259 HOW DARE YOU? 
D*mn this b*tch! 
If it weren't for Elisa, he wouldn't be living in such misery! 
If not for her, his family could have lived a happy life and not been treated like pariahs! 
Norman was grateful that he had purchased a property under his mistress' name. Otherwise, he would have been left with nothing! 
He took a deep breath and composed himself, returning to his humble tone. "Liz, you've seen my suffering now, living a life worse than a stray. Although there have been misunderstandings in the past, you know that your aunt always had your father's best interests at heart, and she did everything to fulfill his wishes. While I know you're upset, karma has returned to haunt us. Could you give Uncle a chance to start over?" 
Elisa sneered coldly, "A chance to start over?" 
Norman nodded frantically, his face contorted with remorse, "When I was the chairman, I had to be strict with the employees for the sake of the company's future. Some of them have been bearing grudges against me, and now anyone above or below me in rank would target me. Almost everyone in the company is picking on me now. Uncle's life at work has become painful and humiliating." 
Norman's eyes glistened with tears. 
He continued, "Your father and I were blood brothers, Liz. Why would I hurt my own brother... It's all because he has an incurable disease..." 
Elisa's eyes narrowed to slits. 
Incurable disease? 
As a doctor, she had saved countless lives but neglected to care for her father. She had never given him regular check-ups. If it weren't for her negligence, those crooks wouldn't have had the opportunity to harm him... 
Elisa felt a painful squeeze in her chest, but she held back her emotions and glared at the person before her. 
"I, too, wonder how you could bring yourself to do something so despicable to your brother," she said. 
Norman immediately shook his head and feigned innocence. "No, Liz. You've misunderstood. I'm telling the truth, every bit of it..." 
Elisa snorted and remained silent. 
Seeing Elisa refuse to speak made Norman anxious. He looked at her beautiful yet stern face and begged, "Liz, I know I messed up. I don't expect shares or money, but could you help me get a promotion? Uncle Norman is begging you to spare some mercy and kindness; let everyone see you still care about me. Please?" 
Elisa's lips curled into a sardonic smile, "Why would I do that? Who do you think you are to make such
requests? What do you have to offer in exchange for my help?" 
Norman was caught off guard by Elisa's shrewdness and savagery. 
Norman knew that mere words wouldn't persuade Elisa, so he paused to gather his thoughts before saying, "Liz, you're becoming more astute by the day. I understand I can't simply ask you for help without offering something in return. It would be unfair to you, and I would feel terrible about it." 
Elisa remained stoic at Norman's words. She didn't believe a single word he said.
###chapter1260
Chapter 1260
CHAPTER 1260 THIS IS NOT A SCHEME! 
Elisa raised her eyebrow and kept quiet as if waiting for Norman to continue his case. 
Norman silently assessed her. Even though he had anticipated her lack of response, he still felt frustrated and conflicted. 
Why do I never seem to come out on top with her? 
Had he known that this stubborn girl would be so difficult to deal with, he would have eradicated her along with Nelson there and then. Regardless of how difficult it might have been, it would have been wise to deal with her at that time to prevent any kickbacks. 
But now? 
Now 
It was too late for what-ifs and regrets! 
Now, all Norman could do was face reality and watch as Elisa remained indifferent, giving no indication that she would ask anything unless he spoke first. Finally, he sighed and said, "I realize that you may have lost your faith in me, but regardless, we are still blood-related. I am your uncle, Liz. And you must trust me. I never intended to harm you or your father." 
Elisa let out a cold snort, turned her gaze to the side, and said indifferently, "There's no need for these pompous claims, Uncle Norman." 
Norman was taken aback by her retort. 
D*mn this Elisa! 
She's stubborn like a mule! 
Norman took a deep breath and tried once more. "I may be unable to give you all the specifics, but you must trust me. I've been the chairman of this company for a while now, and we've already caught two spies. I've investigated their backgrounds and am very close to discovering their true identities. I swear this is all true, Liz!" Norman spoke earnestly. 
Elisa shot him a brief look before lapsing into silence, leaving Norman wondering what was on her mind. Was she privy to some information? Or was she distrustful of him and suspicious of his motives? 
Norman struggled to comprehend Elisa's thoughts. He waited for her response, but she remained silent. He then took a deep breath and inquired, "Why aren't you speaking, Liz? Do you know who those two people are? Or are you still skeptical of Uncle's claims?" Elisa regarded him slowly, her lips slightly curled in disdain. 
Norman immediately chimed in, "Liz, whatever I said is legit! Even though I'm no longer the chairman, I have contributed to it. But those two cunning spies have been causing trouble, impeding the company's progress. Finally, I have discovered some leads! Liz, if we don't eliminate those spies, it will significantly affect the Benett Corporation's future development!" 
Norman spoke with great concern as if he was truly dedicated to the Benett Corporation's success. 
He was attempting to bargain with Elisa for his own self-interest. If Elisa refused to promote him, he would hoard the identity and information about the spies. 
How could that be considered as a contribution to the company? 
Elisa sneered and replied derisively, "I'm sorry, but I'm not interested in your petty schemes, Uncle Norman. It seems like your only skill lies in making deals." 
Norman's expression shifted, and he spoke urgently, "Liz, I swear this is not a scheme! These two spies are a threat to our company! We must act now to contain the possible…!"
###chapter1261
Chapter 1261
CHAPTER 1261 UNASSAILABLE 
Mishap! 
Norman was interrupted when Elisa impatiently cut him out, "Uncle, I'm not interested in what you have to say. It doesn't matter if what you're saying is true or not. I know the company well; stop trying to sow discord here, Uncle." 
"Sow discord? Me" Norman suddenly felt aggrieved. "But I'm telling the truth!" 
And indeed, Norman was telling the truth. The company wasn't doing well mainly due to his incompetence, but a small part was related to these two spies. 
However, Elisa showed no interest in his words. She accused him of trying to sow discord, leaving Norman feeling furious but unable to articulate his thoughts. He couldn't remember feeling so humiliated before! Since the passing of Nelson, he had assumed the role of the family patriarch and the company's top brass. Even with the presence of James Markee and Jessie Green, they were powerless to rein him in. With an army of minions at his disposal, no one dared to challenge his authority. 
But now! 
Now!! 
He felt a seething rage inside that he couldn't let out, making him feel powerless.
Elisa looked at him indifferently and advised, "Uncle, you should go home now. Remember that your promotion is based on your performance, not through snitching or insider information. At this place, everything operates on the principle of fairness." 
Norman was abashed. 
F*ck this arrogant woman! 
He knew that he could not convince Elisa. If he revealed the presence of two spies in the company, she might spread the word and make matters worse. Those two spies had already been promoted to higher ranks than him, and he didn't know how they would exact revenge on him later! 
Norman felt increasingly uneasy and remorseful because he didn't expect Elisa to remain so calm and indifferent to what he said. Whether his claims were true or false, she could have asked for the names of the two spies and conducted a thorough investigation to clear up any doubts. But instead, she showed no curiosity whatsoever, leaving Norman to speculate about her intentions. 
However, Elisa remained silent, showing no interest in knowing the truth. What could be going through her mind? 
"Liz, everything Uncle has said is real. Nevertheless, we must remain united and act in the best interest of Benett Corporation. You have to trust me." 
Elisa could have deduced that Norman still aspired to reclaim control of the company, but only because he wanted it to thrive. If there were any spies, he would have exposed them and let Elisa handle it, and he could assume control afterward. But why wasn't Elisa showing any concerns at all? 
Why?! 
With frustration, Elisa clicked on a document with her mouse and calmly said, "Have work to do. You may leave now." 
Norman was caught off guard by Elisa's sudden dismissal. 
Urgh, b*tch!!! 
No matter what he said, Elisa remained completely unresponsive, neither kicking him out nor acknowledging anything he said, treating him as invisible. 
This made Norman feel like he was hitting a brick wall. Elisa was like a fortress, impervious to his attempts to communicate. She was unassailable! 
Feeling defeated, Norman reluctantly exited the room. As soon as he was gone, Elisa pulled out her phone and sent a message to Patricia. 
Elisa: 'Could you go check on Rose for me and see if she's made up her mind?' 
Patricia: 'Absolutely, Ms. Benett. I'll head over there right away.'
###chapter1262
Chapter 1262
CHAPTER 1262 DO YOU MEAN EB? 
Elisa: 'If she doesn't talk, threaten her again before she leaves. And if she keeps quiet, don't blame me for what might happen next.' 
Patricia: 'Understood.' 
Elisa closed the chat and returned to work. Two hours later, Patricia messaged her with an update. 
Patricia: 'Ms. Benett, When I arrived, she played dumb and said nothing else but only inquired about her daughter's condition.' 
Patricia: 'I also relayed your message before leaving, but she remained unresponsive.' 
Elisa: 'I see. Let others know about this.' 
Immediately after, Elisa sent Patricia a file with text and photos. 
Patricia was dumbfounded when she saw what was inside! She had no prior knowledge of the situation. Still, after responding to Elisa's message, she did what was asked of her. 
Everything was going as planned, but... Twitter went viral again due to Patricia's leak to the media. The Twitter trending topic was unambiguous. It was titled as 'Norman Benett, the adulterous husband, and father of mistress and lovechild.' 
The texts and photos were legitimate, as verified by the diverse comments left on the Tweet. 
xx: 'Wow, isn't that Norman Benett? Wasn't he always portrayed as the perfect husband and father? Looks like that image has completely crumbled now. Haha!' 
xx: 'I've seen him on TV before. His benevolence always seemed disingenuous to me. I don't think someone like him has genuine paternal love! Well, it's no surprise that he cheated on his wife!' 
Xxx: 'Isn't this woman living in our neighborhood? I remember seeing her with her daughter, and rumors were already circulating. Something seemed off about her caring for her child alone, living in a luxurious apartment without a job. We all thought she was being kept by someone, but we never imagined it was true!' 
Xx: 'These homewreckers are disgusting! Couldn't she have looked for someone single and not seeking to get married? Why did she have to go about ruining someone else's family? But then again, Norman's whole family isn't any better too. Well, let them tear each other apart; who cares?' 
Xxx: 'That's not a kind thing to say! The family is already going through a tough time. Linda is dead, and Rose is behind bars. Whenever I think of her, my heart will ache... perhaps she's finally relieved from all this suffering.' 
Xx: 'I feel bad for her too! But I have a hunch that the one who exposed this information is someone who bears the most hatred toward Norman. It's unlikely that it was an outsider!' 
xx: 'Could it be that...EB woman? ' 
The initial 'EB' was derived from the first letter of the name. 
It was apparent that everyone held Elisa responsible for this. 
Elisa's actions were blamed by everyone, but some people quickly came to her defense, and soon, Twitter was consumed with heated debates. 
Looking at the countless comments on Twitter, Elisa's eyes reflected her disdain. 
She ignored the doubts and comments against her. She was only concerned with how the situation would progress. 
Meanwhile, at Tabor Group. 
Nicole was in her office, instructing the assistant to monitor Elisa and keep up with any updates regarding her.
###chapter1263
Chapter 1263
CHAPTER 1263 ELISA REALLY KNOWS HOW TO PLAY HER CARDS WELL 
Nicole had instructed her assistant to report to her immediately if there was any news about Elisa, except during a meeting. 
As a result, when a trending topic emerged, the assistant rushed to Nicole, thinking it was related to Elisa. 
After reading the Tweet and some of the comments, Nicole put down her phone and had a slight smirk on her face, "Elisa really knows how to play her cards well, impressive." 
The assistant was puzzled and didn't understand why Nicole would say that. She asked, "What's her intention for pulling this move? Since Norman has already fallen from grace, he is no longer a threat to her, right?" 
Initially, she believed it was a trivial matter. Elisa despised Norman, so she had someone release this sensational news to cause him more distress. 
After hearing Nicole's statement, she realized that something was amiss. 
Nicole pulled at the corner of her lips and turned to her assistant. "Elisa is astute, and every action she takes is calculated. She wouldn't make an insignificant move. How could her intentions be solely to tarnish Norman's reputation? Essentially, Norman is just an unlucky pawn." 
"Eh...?" The assistant was bewildered. "What is her true motive? Do we need to do something about it right away?" 
The assistant was Nicole's closest ally, privy to all the information and fiercely loyal. This was why she had started to see Elisa as a foe and inquired with Nicole about retaliating; if Elisa's success went unchecked, it could have negative repercussions for Nicole. 
Nicole remained nonchalant and responded, "Not yet. We don't need to busy ourselves with the conflict between her and Linda." 
The assistant was perplexed but grasped the main idea. "So you're saying that Elisa is targeting Linda?" 
Nicole sneered, "There's a hidden force backing Linda. I'm sure Elisa is aware of it too. Linda is the one she needs to truly watch out for." 
The assistant blinked but remained silent, waiting for Nicole to explain more. 
"When Elisa dared to show up at the location I gave her, she must have guessed that I was merely a bystander watching from the sidelines. I'm sure she won't reject anyone who could aid her," 
The assistant nodded, thinking that Nicole's analysis made sense. 
"I'm in a situation with Elisa where we are both at odds and in partnership. I'm staying neutral; she won't do anything to me for now. She's just being cautious." 
"What about Linda?" 
Despite Nicole's detailed explanation, her assistant still didn't comprehend how Elisa's actions were
aimed at Linda. Nicole tugged at her lip, "Didn't we receive an invitation from the Garner family recently?" 
The assistant nodded, "Yes." 
"Assuming no unexpected developments occur, the Garner family has most likely recovered their missing daughter, Linda Benett." 
The assistant's eyes flickered with recognition; she had already guessed as much but had kept it to herself. 
"I've heard that Molly is a tough character. Since Linda isn't her biological daughter and may still be under the control of that mysterious person, she won't treat her kindly. Linda's life is already precarious, so how will she react once she learns about her father's situation?"
###chapter1264
Chapter 1264
CHAPTER 1264 PLEASE DON’T TURN A BLIND EYE 
The assistant paused briefly before blurting out, "She's going to drop her guard for sure, may become even more radical in her undertakings, giving away an upper hand to Elisa. Isn't that right?" 
"Probably just a little radical," Nicole shook her head, "To be exact, being radical isn't something to be worried about." 
"Then..." The assistant became increasingly confused, not understanding what Nicole was getting at. 
Nicole looked at her and said, "You must put on your thinking cap for this one. Considering Linda's relationship with her father, don't you think she would make an effort to meet with Norman or help clear his name?" 
The assistant's expression shifted slightly, and then it dawned on her, "Ah, I see now! So, Elisa's intention is to expose Linda!" 
"That mysterious person has been exploiting Linda for two reasons. First, due to her entanglement with Elisa, and second, because Linda is useful. What Elisa needs to do now is to locate that mysterious figure through Linda while simultaneously abandoning her as a pawn." 
The assistant's jaw dropped. She was taken aback to the point of being speechless. 
Nicole leaned back in her seat, idly fiddling with a pen in one hand, and said with a half-smile, "This is where Elisa's brilliance lies. Whatever she does, it's never just surface-level. Perhaps there are other motives behind this, but I haven't figured them out for now." 
"What...what should we do?" The assistant looked at Nicole after regaining her composure. 
Nicole shook her head. "Let's observe for now. Report to me promptly if anything happens." 
"Okay." The assistant took her phone and left after receiving no further instructions from Nicole. 
Nicole sat alone at her desk, no longer interested in working. Instead, she took out her phone and logged back onto Twitter. 
She wanted to see if there were any new developments on Twitter. 
Meanwhile, the trending topic was spreading like wildfire. 
Linda was stunned and disturbed upon discovering the news! 
She couldn't believe it was true! She gripped her phone tightly, feeling highly unsettled. 
Next to Linda sat Molly, and at that moment, they were the only two in the bedroom. 
Molly stated firmly, "You are now a member of the Garner family. You are Melinda Garner, and nothing else matters anymore. Stay out of the mess regardless of the veracity!" Molly's tone was strict and suggested that there would be repercussions if Linda defied her. 
Linda's face twisted with displeasure as she looked directly at Molly. "He is my biological father, and it's only natural for me to be upset when someone slanders him. Please be considerate..." 
Although her tone had initially been aggressive due to her emotional instability, she moderated it when she realized she would still need Molly's help. 
Molly sneered. "I don't care what you're thinking. You're Melinda Garner, and the Benett family's affairs have nothing to do with you, so stay out of it!" 
Linda shook her head in a panic, "No, Mrs. Garner... Please... you know the truth better than anyone else! He's my father! Someone is defaming my father and destroying my family. I'm begging you, please don't turn a blind eye..."
###chapter1265
Chapter 1265
CHAPTER 1265 NO CHANCE TO REDEEM YOURSELF! 
Molly's face turned even grimmer. 
"Did you not hear what I just said? How dare you ignore me and expect my help?" 
Molly sat across from Linda, dressed in luxurious clothes, indicating her wealth. Her sizable golden earrings swayed back and forth as she shook her head in disapproval. She wore glasses with a golden frame, and though still looking good for her age, wrinkles were starting to form on her face. 
Due to her fear of pain, she refrained from using cosmetic treatments to smooth out her wrinkles. 
Linda took a deep breath and shook her head in haste. "No, no... I don't mean for you to intervene in the entire process or seek revenge on my behalf. I only ask that you remove this trending topic. Just removing it will reduce the amount of discussion." 
She knew she had no grounds to change the situation and couldn't expect anyone to help her. Removing the trending topic would reduce the discussions. 
For Molly, it would be a piece of cake. 
But... 
Linda was too naive. 
"Norman Benett is now like a pariah," 
Molly sneered coldly and continued, "No one will help him. If the trending topic suddenly disappears, people will start questioning. God knows your meddling may lead to your exposure. You should know that Elisa's motive for doing this isn't to get back at your father but to target you." 
Linda's expression turned even more unpleasant! 
The situation could worsen for her father if it continued to spiral out of control! 
Just as Linda was about to respond, Molly sneered coldly again, "Not to mention, your father's adulterous action was a fact. There's no point in hiding it. He's been maltreating you and your mother, so why bother saving face for him?" 
Molly's words hit Linda like thunderbolts, jolting her back to reality. 
It took all her efforts to regain her voice, and she asked sternly, "What did you just say?" 
Molly stared at Linda's ashen face and incredulous expression and sneered, "Don't think so highly of your father. He has a mistress and a child. It's a done deal. So I warn you, don't attempt anything stupid. Remember that you're now the precious daughter of the Garner family. You have nothing to do with Norman!" 
Molly's words were like a series of thunderclaps, shocking her. 
How… When… did this happen? 
Having spent these past few days with Molly, Linda had gained some insight into her character. Molly
was rude, condescending, and selfish. Despite this, she was not a liar! 
Linda's body stiffened. 
Noticing her silence, Molly stood up and said coldly, "Just stay home and don't go anywhere for now. Make sure your face is fully healed before you even consider doing so. If your backer ditches you, you are as good as worthless. You'll die if Elisa comes after you!" 
Finishing her words with a snort, Molly made her way straight toward the door. However, upon reaching the doorway, she stopped and looked back at Linda, worried she would attempt the unthinkable. 
"If you're smart, you'll understand that patience is the key to success. If you show yourself now, your life will be destroyed forever. And you won't stand a chance to redeem yourself anymore!" She cautioned.
###chapter1266
Chapter 1266
CHAPTER 1266 FACE WENT AS WHITE AS A SHEET 
After speaking her piece, Molly didn't turn back and left the room. Linda was alone. 
Despite the urge to call her father, Linda hesitated, realizing that Molly was right. If she exposed herself now, she would have no chance of starting over in the future. However, the burning question remained. 
Did Molly's claim about her father having an affair and another daughter have any truth? 
With her mother and herself gone, had her father already reunited with that woman and their child? 
The news devastated Linda, prompting her to grab her phone and search for the trending news. 
When she saw a photo of his father's other family, her heart quivered, for the little girl in the picture bore a striking resemblance to her younger self. Initially skeptical and thought that someone had set up her father, now, as she examined the photo more closely, her face went as white as a sheet. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had just arrived home from work and saw Rachel standing at the entrance of her yard, pacing with a bag in her hand. When she saw Elisa, she smiled and said, "You're home finally!" 
Elisa was somewhat taken aback, "Why didn't you tell me that you were coming?" 
"I didn't have anything going on, so I decided to come back and wait for you for a bit." 
Elisa frowned slightly. "What if I had to work overtime? Next time, please inform me first." 
"Oh, come on, aren't you home now? The important thing is that I have some gossip to share with you. Let's go inside and talk. And babe, I already picked up the groceries!" 
She gestured towards two plastic bags on the floor filled to the brim. 
Elisa smiled and picked up one bag each before heading towards the house. 
"Oh! I miss your fish and chips so much!" Rachel couldn't help but exclaim. 
Elisa couldn't help but smile, "Well, I'll cook it for you tonight." 
They changed their shoes and clothes before hurrying straight to the kitchen. As Rachel washed the ingredients, she said, "I like what I saw on Twitter today. I wonder what Linda would feel when she sees it! Do you think she's going to retaliate?" 
"Yes, she will," Elisa said firmly. 
Rachel hesitated, "They've probably caught on to you and know you're setting a trap for her. They may have warned her of the downfall as well. Do you think she's foolish enough to fall for it?" 
Elisa tugged at her lips, "Because I know Linda values and loves her father greatly." 
"Huh?" Rachel was puzzled. 
Elisa calmly stated, "Linda and her family have been living with me for quite some time. Whenever she sees the father showering me with love, she becomes upset and even throws a fit with Norman. As time passes, Norman starts to pamper her more. She values fatherly love above everything else, and
her relationship with Norman is closer than with her mother. 
"Okay, but what if Linda learns about Norman's affair and the daughter with his mistress?" 
"You'll see." 
Rachel furrowed with concern, "Although you know Linda well enough to anticipate her retaliation. But I'm worried that others may see her as vulnerable and deny her help. And it's not good for us as it could make it hard for us to find any flaws in their plan later on."
###chapter1267
Chapter 1267
CHAPTER 1267 IS THE CLAIM ON TWITTER LEGITIMATE? 
Elisa replied nonchalantly, "Yep, that could be possible too." 
"What are you going to do then?" 
Elisa continued chopping the meat on the cutting board, "Just sit back and wait." 
"What...?" Rachel became anxious, "You're telling me to just wait and see?!" 
Elisa smiled and said nothing. 
She didn't say much in response to Rachel's questions. 
And just when Rachel was getting impatient, the fish and chips were ready. 
Rachel was immediately captivated, "Wow! The fish and chips that I've been craving are finally ready!" 
Elisa's lips curved, "Mmm, let's dig in!" 
Since there were only two of them, Elisa only made two dishes and a soup. 
"It's delicious! It's really, really delicious! Sigh... When will I ever be able to cook like a pro like you?!" 
Elisa smiled, "Take it slow. I'll teach you." 
"Sigh... forget about it; I know I'm not cut up for that. Well, I'll enjoy the food for now!" Rachel said while taking another piece of fish and chip, closing her eyes in satisfaction and making a nasal sound of a long sigh. 
"Mmm~! It's delicious!" 
While Elisa and Rachel were enjoying their food, someone lost his appetite. 
Norman was currently isolating himself in the house he had rented previously. He was too scared to visit his mistress after the scandalous viral Tweet. He knew who was the culprit. That woman was an absolute devil! Wasn't he already suffering enough? And still, Elisa felt compelled to make things worse for him. 
He had requested a promotion today, but did Elisa have to be so harsh on him because she didn't consent and despised him?! 
If only he had done away with Elisa when he had the chance, he wouldn't be leading such a wretched life now. 
He was powerless to remove the viral Tweet and didn't have the resources to do so. 
But.. what about his daughter? 
With a complicated expression, Norman hesitated momentarily before dialing a number. 
At the same time, Linda sat on the couch in a daze, with an expression of disbelief and lips that had turned pale. 
Did her father betray her mother and herself with another woman? 
But before she could overthink, her phone rang abruptly. Upon seeing her father's caller ID, Linda hesitated whether to answer it. 
The Garner family had repeatedly warned her not to associate with anything related to her past. 
But her biological father was in a difficult situation on the other end of the line. If she didn't talk to him now, he might lose hope. 
Her phone continued to buzz, and with a deep breath, she finally answered. "Dad," she said with a hint of difficulty. 
Norman's eyes trembled, and his guilt continued to grow. But there was no turning back now, he said with difficulty. 
"Linda..." 
Norman seemed to struggle to speak further. 
Linda took a deep breath and bravely said, "I've seen the viral Tweet." 
Norman's eyelashes trembled, and he let out a sigh. 
He said somewhat resignedly, "Then there's no need for me to explain it since you've seen it." 
Linda's heart trembled again, and she asked in disbelief, "What do you mean? Is the claim on Twitter legit?"
###chapter1268
Chapter 1268
CHAPTER 1268 TO BELIEVE OR NOT TO BELIEVE 
Norman's expression suddenly shifted, and he vehemently denied, "Of course not!" 
Despite being alone with Linda on the phone, Norman's reflex was to shake his head in denial. 
"Really? Should I trust you, Dad?" Linda's voice indicated her anxiety as if a deer caught in headlights. 
Although Norman felt sorry for his daughter, he knew he couldn't reveal the truth. He spoke with conviction, "Linda, you have to believe me. I'm your biological father and would never lie to you." 
Linda's face was twisted with conflicting emotions, but she eventually mustered the courage to speak up. 
"I was told by Mrs. Garner that it is true," she said. 
Despite his efforts to stay composed, Norman's voice indicated a trace of annoyance in response to his daughter's revelation. 
"That's rubbish!" He retorted, looking even more agitated. 
After a brief pause, Linda remained tight-lipped, leaving the atmosphere fraught with tension. 
Linda took a deep breath and remained silent, her mind racing with questions and doubts. 
Norman wanted to explain again, but after thinking about it, he asked Linda, "What happened just now?
What else did she say?" 
After a brief pause, Linda said, "She reminded me that I'm now one of the Garners and should steer clear of any involvement with the Bennetts." 
Norman was taken aback as he held onto the phone in silence. He knew he was burdening his daughter by asking for her help. 
"Mrs. Garner wouldn't lie to me, Dad. Tell me. Did you betray us?" Linda inquired. 
"Absolutely not," Norman replied promptly; he couldn't admit to it under any circumstances. 
Not hearing any response from his daughter, Norman pleaded, "Linda, no matter what happens, you must believe me. I only have you and your mother. There are no other women in my life. I love you both the most." 
Linda's heart trembled involuntarily. She didn't know who to believe now. 
Molly's honesty was unquestionable, but her biological father assured her otherwise. 
Linda tugged at her hair, unable to find the words to express her confusion. 
"Don't you believe me, Linda?" His voice was filled with sadness, disappointment, and disbelief. 
"I...I believe you," Linda replied hesitantly. Despite this, she still had doubts about her father's claims. 
Despite knowing the truth, she was reluctant to accept it, as her father was her biological parent. She
wanted to believe his words, even if it meant imagining a different outcome. 
"I wish I could help you, Dad, but Mrs. Garner won't let me. She said removing the trending topic would raise suspicion, and all our hard work will be wasted." 
With Norman's current status, he lacked the influence and power to remove the trending search. Linda was now caught between a rock and a hard place, uncertain of what to do. 
Her main goals were revenge and future prosperity, while the viral Tweet was not her priority. 
Norman was at a loss for what to do.
###chapter1269
Chapter 1269
CHAPTER 1269 YOU’RE THE ONLY HOPE FOR US 
"Linda, if this rumor spreads, I may have to leave the Benett Corporation. Then, our chance of making a comeback will be futile," said Norman. 
Linda was torn, feeling powerless. "Dad, I can't do anything. I can't do anything I want or have any real authority. I'm just a figurehead..." 
Norman sighed, unsure of what to say. He knew his daughter was in a tough spot but couldn't let this trending search continue indefinitely. If it persisted, his reputation would be in tatters, and he would be estranged from the company. 
"Sigh..." Norman looked anguished, not wanting to end the call. 
Linda also heaved a sigh and said, "Dad, I'll do my utmost to help. I'll plead with them again. But, are you sure you didn't cheat on Mom and me?" 
"Of course not!" Norman said firmly. 
Linda was still worried and said, "Dad, things have gotten this far. Please tell me the truth. You're still my father, no matter what happens. If you don't tell me the truth now, things may escalate beyond control." 
Linda wanted to know the truth. She had suspicions about her father but couldn't believe it because of their close father-daughter relationship. She just wanted to put her doubts to rest. 
Norman's expression changed slightly, but he quickly said, "Linda, you must believe me. I didn't do anything wrong. I only have one daughter, and that's you. You have to find a way to help me." 
Linda felt somewhat relieved after hearing Norman's reassurance. She immediately said, "Dad, I feel better now that you've said that. They always say the truth will always prevail. They can't do anything to us if we've done nothing wrong. We could even do a DNA test to prove our innocence!" 
Norman was stunned by Linda's suggestion. 
No way. I'll get busted if I agree to take a DNA test. 
He quickly vetoed her idea, "No, Linda, that's a bad idea. You know how Elisa operates. We can't give her any opportunity to twist the truth." 
Moreover, regardless of whether or not he felt guilty, being upright and self-assured was impossible with Elisa in the picture. 
Linda sighed and said, "Ugh... d*mn that b*tch! I wish she would disappear!" 
Norman sighed, appearing at a loss for words for a moment. He didn't want to dwell on regrets anymore! 
"No matter what, we have to figure out how to help me to resolve the matter. If I get kicked out of the Benett Corporation, it'll be the end for us! This is our foundation!" 
Norman spoke earnestly, constantly asking Linda to help him brainstorm ideas. Still, he didn't realize how difficult it was for her. 
"I..." With just that one word, Linda was at a loss for words. 
After pausing for a moment, she took a deep breath. 
"I'll do my best." 
Norman quickly replied, "Yes, yes, good daughter. You're the only one who could save the Benett family!"
###chapter1270
Chapter 1270
CHAPTER 1270 DON’T TRY TO MASK THE TRUTH 
Linda frowned and sighed, "Alright, let's not talk about it now. I'll think of a solution and see if you can pull string to clarify on your behalf." 
Norman also sighed, "Clarify on my behalf? What good would that do? We must find someone more influential than Elisa to take down the viral Tweet. Otherwise..." 
Before he could finish, Linda interrupted with a cold laugh, "Find someone with more influence than Elisa? Dad, are you kidding? Both the Darcey and Wickam groups have come to her aid. Who do you think could have more influence than her? The Garner family refused to get involved, and Nicole Tarbor wouldn't help. What else can I do?" 
Linda whined as she harbored suspicions about her father, causing her to feel resentful. 
Knowing his daughter well, Norman reassured her, "Are you buying into the Tweet? You and your mother are the only ones in my heart. I have never had any other thoughts." 
Linda furrowed but didn't say anything, feeling upset. 
Before Norman could explain further, Linda became impatient and said, "Let's just call it a day. If the Garner family finds out we're in contact, who knows what they'll say about me." 
Norman sighed and quickly replied, "Alright, alright. I'm counting on you now, Linda." 
Linda replied apathetically and hung up the phone. She was not interested in any of this and was
annoyed. 
At this very moment, chaos was reigning outside, and even the inmates were not spared. 
Right now, Rose and the rest were not confined in their cell but were tasked with doing collective work, which was a means of punishing them. 
Rose had been raking the weeds begrudgingly, but upon hearing the conversation between two supervisors, all of her resentment dissipated, and her attention was redirected towards their discussion. 
"I heard that the Benett family is in deep sh*t nowadays." One of the female workers leaned in and whispered to a male colleague. 
The male worker looked perplexed. "Isn't that too general of a statement? There are multiple Benett families around." 
Rose's weeding action paused unconsciously, and she stared tautly at the two workers chatting next to her. 
What did they mean by that? Were they talking about the Benett family that she knew of? 
Thinking of this, Rose refrained from making bad assumptions about the situation. God knew what Elisa had done. 
The female worker nodded and said, "Ah, you're right. Elisa also belonged with the Benett family." 
Rose's expression changed, and she realized they were discussing her family. That contemptible witch!
What has she done now?! 
Elisa had already caused them so much trouble. What else did she want? Hadn't she had enough? Why was she so persistent? 
Without thinking twice, the female worker said sarcastically once again. 
"With all the fuss on Twitter, Norman won't be able to escape unscathed. Their peaceful life was abruptly disrupted, and now they have this added mess. The drama in their family is so cringy."
###chapter1271
Chapter 1271
CHAPTER 1271 AREN’T YOU AFRAID WE’D BEAT YOU UP? 
The more they talked, the more Rose felt unsure about her stance. Her panic was rising to the surface and soon, it would be obvious to all. 
The male guard snorted. "He deserves it. They have no one but themselves to blame for what happened to their family." 
The last thing Rose wanted to do right now was continue weeding, but she knew they would stop talking too if she stopped. She took a deep breath and continued tugging at the grass. 
The female guard laughed. She glanced at Rose crouching not too far from them and said, "According to Twitter, Norman Benett has become a public enemy number one, which makes sense. He'll probably get beat up if he shows himself in public. He can't stay home. He's lost all the influence he once had, so he has no one to change the tides of what's trending." 
Trending? 
Rose's expression tightened. 
What's trending? 
How could that b*tch Elisa, do this?! 
The female guard read Rose's mind. She wanted to tell Rose to be patient. She'd tell her everything in a minute. 
After a short pause, the female guard continued, "The way I see it, this is just karma. None of this would have happened if Norman wasn't rich and if he could keep it in his pants. Like I said, it's karma. He deserves it. His wife is in prison. His daughter is dead. But it all worked out for him in the end. He reunited with his affair partner and the daughter he had with her. You men are just the worst!" 
The male guard felt insulted. "You can't say that! Not all men are disloyal like Norman! Instead of loving his brother, he murdered him. He even turned his back on his wife, who helped him kill his brother. Instead, he cheated on her and had a child with someone else. He has no morals whatsoever. So please don't group all of us men with him, okay?" 
The female guard snorted. "Fine, fine… You are a good man. I won't group you with him. Except for you, all men are trash!" 
Rose's expression grew darker. Trending… It sounds like Elisa had exposed that incident. There was a chance the photos Elisa had shown her were now on the internet. 
"How could this happen?! How could Norman cheat on her?! 
She looked up in disbelief, catching the female guard's mocking smirk. Rose had her suspicions they were doing this on purpose. Her mocking smile just confirmed her suspicions. They both had deliberately stood within earshot of her so she could listen in on their conversation! 
She brushed the weeds from her palms, stood up, and stalked their way. She glared straight at them. 
The two guards caught her gaze and stared right back at her. They had no intention of chasing her away or reprimanding her. 
"You're doing this on purpose, aren't you? You want me to hear what you're talking about!" Rose tried to keep her voice calm. No one else knew of the anxiety bubbling beneath the surface. 
She had not been doing well in prison these days. People have been threatening her. They'd mess her up if she didn't tell them what they wanted to know! It was only one day, and their threats had come true! 
She did not know how she would handle the repercussions. 
The two guards looked at her coolly. "You're overthinking it. You've abandoned your work to talk to us. Aren't you afraid of us punishing you?" Replied the female guard.
###chapter1272
Chapter 1272
CHAPTER 1272 TIT FOR TAT 
She was blatantly threatening Rose, but Rose did not feel an ounce of fear. She had killed and confessed to her crimes. Why should she be afraid? 
She was just standing there talking to two guards. Was there a reason she should be afraid? 
"What is happening outside? Has anything else happened besides trending on the internet?" 
Standing in front of the two guards, Rose attracted the attention of the other prison mates. They were curious and wanted to eavesdrop. There was nothing much to do in prison. It wasn't like they had phones they could get their much-needed gossip on. They spent most of their time watching grass grow. The chance of finding out what was happening in the outside world was too good to pass up. 
The female guard sneered, "What does whatever happening on the outside have anything to do with you? You're in here now. There's nothing you can do from here." 
"That is defamation. You are both government workers, and you know that we were charged with manslaughter. It was premeditated. How dare you talk about my husband in this manner? I could easily sue you for this when I get out of here!" 
The female guard roared with laughter. "What did I say? Did I accuse you of anything like the way you're accusing me right now? Instead of trying to force the blame on me, shouldn't you be more focused on what's going on with your husband outside?" 
Rose, "…"
She had been so angry that she couldn't control herself from approaching them and picking a fight with them. But now… 
She took a breath, steadied herself, and said, "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have let my emotions get the better of me." 
The female guard smirked at her. "Seeing how pitiful you are, I guess I can tell you what's happening outside. But you can't let your emotions control you again." 
Rose forced herself to remain calm. "Yes, ma'am." 
Rose was no longer in the mood to feign belief in what she was being told. She wanted to know what was happening outside and then decide by herself if they were telling her the truth. 
Recently she had been wondering if her husband would stay faithful to her. But the things Elisa had said and those photos that corroborated what she had shown her were giving her doubts. 
More importantly, Norman was really good at hiding his tracks. He hadn't done anything to make her suspicious, but after what Elisa had said and the photos she had shown her, Rose was… 
Rose took a deep breath. 
Realizing Rose was on the verge of breaking down, the female guard smirked, "Norman is not doing great outside. Twitter has ousted him for having multiple affairs and having a bastard daughter with one of those women. They even found out where the woman's address was." 
Rose's features became increasingly twisted as the female guard continued to speak, "This issue has pretty much been verified. Someone has even interviewed the woman. She has more or less admitted to it, but some of the others are still too afraid to come forth." 
Rose gritted her teeth. "I want to see Elisa." 
Her eyes were red as if she was on the verge of tears. 
But they did not know that Rose was someone who paid tit for tat. 
The male guard eyed her. "You're a prisoner. Do you think you have the right to that?" 
Rose sneered and took a step towards them. "Do you take me for a fool? Why else would you be saying these things in front of me? Isn't it because Elisa ordered you to? Isn't me requesting to see her exactly what she wants?" She hissed.
###chapter1273
Chapter 1273
CHAPTER 1273 GARETH WICKAM WAS AS STUBBORN AS A CHILD 
The female guard glanced at her cooly. "Do you really think you have anything to offer Elisa in your current situation?" 
Rose froze. The color left her face. 
"I think you should get back to work. It looks like it's the end of the Benetts." 
Rose's heart was racing. Dread filled her. 
The two guards ignored her and continued chatting among themselves. 
But they were talking about… 
Norman. Rose's anxiety was rising. Her suspicions of him cheating rose from 50% to 70%. 
Her emotions were all in a mess. 
… 
It had gotten dark. 
Elisa had arrived home. 
As soon as she got home, she heard the sound of a car in her driveway. 
Elisa looked out the window. She frowned when she saw it was the familiar Rolls-Royce. Why was he here again? 
Hasn't he realized that he wasn't welcomed? 
Gareth emerged from the car. 
His long legs strode towards the front door. Gareth had seen her when she had pulled back the curtain to see who it was. 
Elisa frowned. Gareth looked away and continued approaching the front door. 
Elisa's frown deepened. She went to open the door. As soon as she opened the door, she spat out, "What are you doing here?" 
Not saying a word, Gareth walked straight through the door as if he owned the house. 
Elisa's expression darkened. She closed the door and glared at him. "Did you come here for dinner?" 
"I am your patient." Gareth said as if that explained everything. 
"But I am not your nurse!" 
Looking at her, Gareth said calmly, "My stomach hurts. I'm sure I'll feel much better after eating some of your homemade food." 
Elisa, "…" 
She hated emotional manipulation. 
Did she need to do everything for him just because he was her patient? What was she? A Saint? 
Elisa stared at him blankly, "If you like being here so much, then stay. I'll leave." 
Elisa had just got home, so she had not even had the chance to change. She stalked towards the door. 
Gareth grabbed her arm. "Don't make a scene. Just make me dinner, Elisa. My stomach hurts." 
Elisa? 
Don't make a scene? 
Elisa started to waver. She felt unsure of her decision. Was… Was this really Gareth? 
She looked up at him. 
Gareth looked calm, but his lips were pale, and his eyes were bloodshot. Elisa frowned. She placed a finger on his pulse. 
She put the other hand on his forehead. The heat almost scalded her. She frowned and asked him concernedly, "Do you know you have a fever?" 
Gareth frowned. He pursed his lips and stayed quiet. 
Now that she knew he wasn't feeling well, Elisa couldn't very well on her conscience leave him alone. "Take a seat." 
She turned, but Gareth held on tightly to her arm. Elisa frowned, "Let go?" 
Gareth did not move, nor did he respond. Instead, he stubbornly held on to her like a child.
###chapter1274
Chapter 1274
CHAPTER 1274 AREN’T YOU LEAVING? 
Elisa frowned. 
"Let go?" She said again. 
Gareth finally let go of her and sat down on the couch. 
Elisa stared at him, perplexed. He really was acting more and more like a child. 
He was probably acting this way because he was sick. 
Elisa went to get the first aid kit. 
After a while, Elisa returned with a glass of warm water and some medicine. "Take two of this." 
Gareth frowned. He did not want to move or take the medicine. 
Elisa, "…" 
"Do you hate swallowing pills that much? Does this mean you haven't been taking your medicine per the doctor's instructions since you got sick?" 
Gareth's lips tightened, and said nothing. 
Elisa frowned again. "It's a miracle Jeremy is still willing to look after you even when you're being so
uncooperative." 
Gareth's expression darkened. Elisa suddenly thought of something. Taking in Gareth's tightly pursed lips, she asked, "Has he been giving you injections all this while?" 
Gareth remained silent, but his silence was more than telling. 
Elisa chuckled. "What a surprise. Who would have known that the great Gareth Wickam was afraid of swallowing pills." 
Even though they had been married for three years, the accumulative time they spent together was less than colleagues working together for half a month. 
Elisa had never been his doctor. She had no idea what his daily routine consisted of. 
Gareth's features darkened even further at Elisa's teasing. 
He glared up at her. "You're imagining things." 
"Then take them." Elisa had no intention of making fun of Gareth. She was deliberately taunting him to make him take the pills. Because of his stomach cancer, she shouldn't agitate him too much. 
Gareth frowned in annoyance. But to stop Elisa from mocking him further, he swallowed the pills in one go. 
Elisa arched an eyebrow but remained quiet. 
She was exasperated with this man. 
She didn't expect them to continue having so many encounters after their divorce. 
Even though she was exasperated with him, her conscience would not let her ignore him. 
If only she were a bit crueler, she could leave him to his demise. 
Gareth's fever finally receded after twenty minutes. 
After taking his temperature and finding that his fever had gone down, Elisa ordered, "Lie down and rest. I'll make dinner." 
Gareth did not say a word. 
Ignoring him, Elisa headed to the kitchen. 
Elisa made a simple meal of two side dishes and one soup. She placed them on the table and saw Gareth had gotten up from the couch. Grabbing the thermometer, she took his temperature once more. Satisfied with the results, she gestured towards the table. "Come eat." 
Gareth washed his hands and sat down across from her. 
He still did not say a word but looked more at ease now. 
They ate in silence. Elisa started to frown again once dinner was over. He wasn't planning on staying, was he? 
Happy to leave the dishes for the moment, she stared at him. She might not have said anything, but her eyes gave her thoughts away. 
Isn't it about time you left? 
It didn't look like Gareth got the message. He sat comfortably in the chair with no intention of moving. 
Elisa frowned and went straight to the point. "When are you leaving?"
###chapter1275
Chapter 1275
CHAPTER 1275 DOESN’T HE KNOW IT’S ABOUT TIME HE LEFT? 
It was a simple question. Elisa didn't want to say too much, but Gareth's mood soured. He pursed his lips, still not saying a word. 
Elisa, "…" 
This man made her speechless. If it weren't for his grandmother and his being sick, their relationship would have ended long ago. 
"There's no reason for you to stay. You've eaten dinner. So kindly f*ck off." 
Any civility she had shown him earlier was now out the window. She had even sworn at him. Instead of getting angry and ashamed of his actions, Gareth rose from his seat and returned to the couch. He sat back down and turned on the TV. 
Elisa, "…" 
Had she not been clear enough? Or was Gareth not understand plain English? 
Doesn't he understand she was trying to get rid of him? She had been clear as glass with him. Didn't he know it was time he left? 
She breathed deeply and tried again, "Gareth Wickam, I'm telling you to f*ck off." 
Gareth couldn't be that thick-skinned to stay after she had spoken to him like this. 
The sound from the TV filled the silence. The TV was on, but Gareth wasn't watching it. 
It was a shopping channel. 
Elisa was about to speak up again when Gareth switched the channels. He said one word in response. 
"Stomachache." 
Elisa, "…" 
His attitude made it difficult for her to believe he was in pain. 
He was treating this like it was his own home. 
Elisa's expression was stormy. So what if he were sick? He can't expect to stay here with her all the time. She had compromised. She had even made dinner for him. They were divorced and hated each other, and now she was doing all this for him. Had this bastard gotten used to her serving him? 
"Don't make me repeat myself. Leave. This is not your home, and we have no relationship." 
Elisa's voice was colder than ice. Anyone who heard it could make out the disgust she had for him. 
Gareth's face darkened. Losing interest in staying, he stood up and left without saying a word. 
Elisa let out a sigh of relief.
She didn't care what he thought. All she wanted was for him to leave. 
Later that night, after Elisa had showered and tidied up, her phone rang. 
It was her assistant. Elisa answered it immediately. 
"What's wrong?" 
"Ms. Benett, we've gotten news that Rose is requesting to see you." 
Elisa sat down on the bed and took her time to respond. 
"Ignore her. Carry on with the plan." Elisa replied calmly. 
Her assistant expressed her understanding. They had nothing else to discuss and hung up. 
Elisa stared at the darkened screen of her phone. She didn't know if she was staring intently at her phone or if she was deep in thought. 
… 
The next day. 
The woman Norman had been sugar-babying had finally left the house. 
Reporters surrounded her before she even made it to the main road. "Are you sure you have the right
person? I'm not famous." She asked confusedly. 
"Maybe you weren't, but you sure are now. How have you been, Miss Sky?"
###chapter1276
Chapter 1276
CHAPTER 1276 EYES ROLLING 
April Sky froze. She stared at them in bafflement. "What are you talking about?" 
April's eyes were wide with confusion. She had somewhere to be but chose to stay and find out what was happening. 
"Are you currently having an affair?" The reporters asked. 
April's expression immediately soured. "What rubbish! What do you mean I'm having an affair?" 
Instead of hindering them, the reporters went on to the next question. "Did you have a daughter with Norman Benett? Did Norman buy the house you're currently staying in? Is it true your name is on the deed? Can you verify this?" 
April's eyes flashed with panic. She quickly regained her composure and responded, "Please do not accuse me of such things without any proof. My private life has nothing to do with you." 
The reporters continued to bombard her with questions. "You're not denying these accusations and instead emphasizing it being your private life. Could this really have nothing to do with you?" 
April's features twisted further. "Do not twist my words! I'm trying to say that I want to keep my private life private. This does not mean your accusations are right! I'd just prefer the public not to know about my life. Is there anything wrong with that?" 
"Your daughter has your last name. Is Norman Benett her father?" 
"I've said that this is my private life! Please do not spread rumors about it!" April was enraged. She said, "I have the right to call the police on you for defamation and slander! Move aside! I need to leave!" 
April tried to get through, but the reporters surrounded her tighter. 
Despite using all her strength, April could not get out of the crowd of reporters. People were gathering around them to watch the scene. It was impossible for her to get out of there. 
"What are you doing? Are you trying to kidnap me?" April cried out in anger. She almost snarled at them. But… Anyone who knew her knew that she was excited and filled with expectation. 
"Could you please give us a response? Do you and Norman Benett have a daughter together?" 
"I've said over and over again that this is private!" April may not have answered them, but her denial to respond was an answer in itself. 
Everyone could tell it wasn't as simple as she made it out. The more she denied it and tried to hide the truth, the more it proved she was involved with him! 
Meaning she had something to do with what they were trying to find the answers to! 
"Let me out! Let me out, or I'll sue you all!" April looked extremely annoyed. But she secretly wanted them to find out. She took a deep breath as if trying to regain her composure. 
Questions came one after the other. Each was worse than the one before. She could no longer fight them off. While the reporters were waiting for her response… 
No one expected her to… 
What April did next… 
Was! 
Both of her eyes rolled to the back of her head! 
She fainted! 
The reporters were all stunned! 
"Quick! Send her to the hospital!" Someone cried. "Or you'll be blamed for this!" 
The reporters were dumbfounded. No one had expected her to pass out from just a few questions.
###chapter1277
Chapter 1277
CHAPTER 1277 SHE WAS CONVINCED 
"Quickly! Hurry up!" 
Someone said before they finally sent her to the hospital. 
Her fainting had proven one thing to them all! 
That was! 
She was indeed involved with Norman! And they had a daughter together! 
The reporters dispersed once she was sent to the hospital, as April showed no sign of waking up. 
Once everyone had left, April slowly opened her eyes to peek through. 
A person who woke up from a fainting spell would usually be confused. 
But this woman was not confused in the least. 
It was as if she was completely aware of what was happening. 
She had not fainted at all, but… 
…
Going back in time. 
The day before yesterday. 
A private room at a restaurant. 
April glanced at the location she had received via text message. She followed a waiter to the room. 
A woman sat against the window waiting for her. The windows were covered with a linen curtain. No one could see them from the outside. 
The woman smiled when she saw April. "Nice to meet you, Miss Sky." 
April nodded and took the seat across from her. "Nice to meet you too." 
She greeted her casually, with no sign of embarrassment or awkwardness. 
The woman scanned her before smiling, "We both know why I've asked you to come today. I need your help with something. This will expose your relationship with Norman, but it can become problematic. Your reputation may be affected by it too. Are you still willing to go ahead with it?" 
April frowned with confusion. "What is it that you want me to do? Let's hear it first." 
The woman smiled. "It's simple enough. I will release some photos of you together with Norman on Twitter. The day after that, I'll hire some reporters to harass you. All you need to do is be ambiguous with your answers and let them assume the worse." 
April hesitated. She wanted nothing more than to go public with her relationship with Norman. She didn't want to continue living as if she was doing something horrible. She loved Norman with all of her heart. She wasn't with him because of his money. 
But… A life of hiding in the darkness was too painful. Norman couldn't even be seen in public with them. What's to say about him holding their daughter? He couldn't send their daughter to school. She had cried and complained to April about this many times. April was done living this way. She wanted the whole world to know of their relationship. 
This woman had convinced her, but… 
The woman interrupted her thoughts with a wide smile. "I know you're worried about how this will affect your daughter, but you need to know that if you continue to live like this, your daughter will suffer even more. Are you aware of how this will affect her mental and emotional development? When she is older, people will bully her for not having a father." 
April paled instantly. She looked the woman in the eye. For a brief moment, she didn't know what to say. 
She still had two concerns. "Once this goes public, people will call my daughter a bastard. When that happens…" 
"What's wrong with being a bastard? A bastard she may be, but it should not define her. It's not exactly something she had control of! Besides, who knows what happened back then. Unless…"
###chapter1278
Chapter 1278
CHAPTER 1278 YOU’RE MORE WORSE OFF THAN ME 
The woman deliberately paused there. April looked at her suspiciously. "Unless what?" 
"Haven't you considered making up a story to cover this up? Sometimes a little embellishment is needed." 
"You mean to say…" 
"Of course, you could make something up to say you and Norman were both innocent in this and put the blame on Rose. It's the perfect coverup. When everything's over, who would care about these minor details? Once this goes public, all you have to do is reap the benefits from it." 
"Reap the benefits?" 
What kind of benefits? 
"I came looking for you, fully knowing you are not totally on board. Besides explaining what benefits are waiting for you, I'm also here to give you something to help convince you." 
… 
The memory ended there. 
April lay on the bed without any intention of getting up. 
She looked calm, but she felt a flicker of uneasiness. 
Looking around, she saw her bag next to her. Taking out her phone, she saw no missed calls or text messages. She frowned unhappily. 
She knew Norman was a timid man, but now that it's come to this, shouldn't he call her? 
Was he still afraid of the people around him finding out? 
She became irate. 
Norman Benett! You coward! 
How could they have their happy ever after if he was like this? 
She had no issue with Norman having no money. She truly loved him and wanted to share a life with him. But she could not understand why he was so afraid. Maybe she hadn't realized it because he was at the height of his career back then, but now… 
April sighed. She put down her phone helplessly. She's done all she could. The rest depended on them. 
… 
That evening. 
The night was still young. 
Gareth, Vincent, and Jeremy had gotten together earlier in the night. 
They sat together. Each with a glass in hand. But instead of wine in Gareth's glass, he was drinking… Water. 
Gareth's face sank when Jeremy poured him the water. 
Vincent laughed loudly. "Hahaha! You're worse off than me." 
"With how things are right now, you can no longer be stubborn. Now that we know you can be healed, you shouldn't indulge yourself anymore." Jeremy said calmly. 
Before, he had allowed Gareth to have a glass of wine or two knowing… He did not have long to live. There was no way Jeremy could heal him. All he could do was try to prolong it as long as he could. 
But Jeremy allowed him a glass or two when he saw how much Gareth was suffering. 
At least it'll make him feel better. If Gareth were to die soon, he shouldn't die suffering. He should… 
But everything was different now. 
Jeremy didn't care how Gareth felt. If he could be healed, there were plenty of chances he could drink in the future. It wouldn't be too late. 
Swallowing his laughter, Vincent looked to Gareth. "Just a little longer, bro. You'll be better in no time. Then you can drink to your heart's desire." 
Vincent said whatever he wanted, whereas Jeremy stayed silent. 
However, Gareth…
###chapter1279
Chapter 1279
CHAPTER 1279 NOTHING WORKS 
His face darkened as he was annoyed upon the mention of her name. 
Gareth placed the mug down. Let alone drinking wine, he didn't have any desire to drink water. 
Vincent could tell that he was troubled. He asked cautiously, "What's wrong? Are you still worried about your grandmother? Didn't Elisa already figure out a way?" 
Jeremy shot a glance at him without saying anything. 
Clearly, Jeremy didn't agree with Vincent's questions. Just like Gareth, Vincent was also vexed about something. 
Nevertheless, Gareth remained silent. 
Upon seeing that, Vincent gulped down the glass of wine in his hand before putting it down irately. 
"You're not the only one who's mad – I feel the same way too! That dumb woman – she doesn't know what's going on at all. She's not even talking to me now, and she blocks all my numbers. Sometimes, I really want to strangle her." 
Vincent usually wouldn't complain about his fights with Rachel because he was worried about being teased by his friends. 
But now that he had already decided to take action, he vented his anger naturally, not worried about
their opinions of him anymore. 
Jeremy looked at him before saying calmly, "It's because you didn't cherish her all this while – you've been picking fights with her instead. Of course, things would turn out this way today. You will have to put in more effort." 
"Come on! How would I have known that this would happen? If she had given me that sooner, we wouldn't have had any interactions at all, and I wouldn't have gotten together with her. She would not have started hating me!" 
Gareth glanced at him coldly. "So, what are you complaining about now? You don't want to be hated by her, or are you regretting getting to know her better?" 
Vincent's face turned gloomy. "F*ck, of course, it's the latter! She's just a tomboy, after all! I can't believe that I've fallen for her now, seeing how much I looked down on her before. Do you know what a disadvantage it is to be in the position I'm in right now?" 
He filled his glass with wine and gulped it down again, flashing his annoyance at the situation. 
He didn't even know what else he should say. 
Jeremy smiled as he said, "Just bear with it. What goes around comes around. Karma is a b*tch, you know." 
"D*mn it!" Vincent scoffed indignantly. "What has it got to do with karma? I'm doing it for my late mother's heirloom. She's just an outsider…" 
At that point, Vincent suddenly realized it was the wrong thing to say and stopped himself. 
Jeremy arched one eyebrow. "Hmph… it seems like you finally realize she's not just an outsider." 
Vincent's brows were locked tightly into a frown. He was at a loss for words, so he took a deep breath and said, "Alas… help me out, guys. We can't be like this forever. Do you know–" 
"Why not?" Jeremy's interest was piqued all of a sudden. Even Gareth's earlier grievances seemed to ease slightly as he focused on Vincent. 
"What? How could you say that? Are you my friend?" Vincent flared up and poured himself another glass of wine. 
Gareth swept an icy glance at him. "Pestering people has always been your strong suit, hasn't it?" 
On top of that, Vincent had taught him the same tactic. 
However, Vincent's lips twitched as he said, "I've tried everything I could, but that woman simply doesn't buy it. What else can I do?"
###chapter1280
Chapter 1280
CHAPTER 1280 ARE YOU SURE? 
As Vincent spoke about it more, he became even more infuriated. 
Yet, there was nothing he could do about it. 
Jeremy patted his shoulders before saying calmly, "Since things have reached this point, all you can do is win her back. Aren't you the best at picking up girls?" 
"She doesn't buy anything I do – that's the problem. There's nothing I can do about it!" Vincent's pitch rose. "I already told you that she's a tomboy – why don't you believe me? All the tactics that would win other girls over don't work on her at all. I've already tried everything in my power. What else can I do?" 
He was exasperated, on the brink of breaking down. 
Gareth replied coolly, "It's not that they don't work on her; it's just that she no longer trusts you because you proved to be indecent in the past." 
"D*mn!" No truer words had been spoken. Vincent became more incensed as time passed. "Why is this so difficult?" 
I never thought picking up girls could be so difficult. Ever since meeting Rachel, she has been the most troublesome woman – no, tomboy – ever! 
Jeremy smirked to himself as he laid his eyes on Gareth and chimed in, "What about you?" 
The intention of the simple question was clear enough. 
Vincent's attention was diverted to Gareth. "How's it going? Did both of you make some progress?" he asked curiously. 
Gareth was in another messy situation. As soon as the subject was brought up, Vincent's mood suddenly changed for the better. Only people who are both miserable can bring each other some comfort. 
If Gareth had made up with Elisa, Vincent would have remained sullen, thinking about his predicament with Rachel. Nevertheless, he would congratulate his good friend either way. 
A frown appeared on Gareth's face. His annoyance deepened further upon the mention of the topic. 
Seeing how he pursed his lips quietly, Vincent chuckled. "Well, your situation might be worse than mine, but I'm not any better." 
He couldn't help sighing. A surge of exasperation washed over him at the thought of Rachel. 
Gareth shot him a stern look before commenting, "I'm far better than you." 
Both Jeremy and Vincent were stunned when they heard that. 
To them, his situation was no better than Vincent's. 
How could he be so confident? they wondered internally. 
However, Vincent showed no signs of elaborating on his statement. Looking at Gareth speechlessly, he said, "As your friend, I know I shouldn't be a wet blanket. But I really don't understand the source of your confidence. Why do you think your situation is far better? I'm relying on the comfort that we're both stuck in sh*tty situations, yet you're now telling me you're way better?" 
Meanwhile, Jeremy remained silent. 
Since Gareth only let out a cold snort without any other explanation, Vincent felt the urge to prove himself. 
"Why don't you explain exactly how your situation is better? Do enlighten my ignorance, as I can't tell at all!" he said sarcastically, implying that Gareth had no grasp of the situation. 
Regardless, Gareth merely looked at him coldly. "Are you sure you want to know everything?"
###chapter1281
Chapter 1281
CHAPTER 1281 I’M THE CLOWN 
"Of course!" Vincent retorted indignantly. 
Let's see if his explanation satisfies me! 
To Vincent, Gareth was just exaggerating the situation. He didn't believe that Gareth's situation could be any better. 
Looking at the glass of water before him, he said calmly, "She might be able to help both grandma and myself. There's nothing bad about this arrangement." 
Vincent frowned silently. Since Elisa was Mystic Orchid, she had experience with many experiments. She never lied about her abilities. Putting aside Gareth's claims, she also told Jeremy the same thing. Hence, there was a high possibility that she could heal Gareth. 
Nevertheless, Vincent doubted that she could help Julia. 
"Does the auction have something you want?" 
"Yes." 
A glimmer of surprise flitted past Jeremy and Vincent's eyes. 
"Are you sure?" Vincent asked. 
"Yes." 
"Gosh, that's amazing! This is the best way!" 
"Yes. Elisa mentioned that as long as we have that, all would be well." 
"This is great!" Vincent exclaimed excitedly. "Fine, you have made some progress, but what about the rest? What else do you have to say to claim that your situation is better?" 
Gareth smiled cunningly at him. 
"She cooks for me because of my stomach problems. Does Rachel do that for you?" 
His words stabbed at Vincent's heart. 
"Does she?" he continued, sending him another blow. 
"No, that's not counted!" Vincent's face darkened. 
Gareth looked at him indifferently before speaking, "Because of Grandma's health issues, we are in constant contact. She's going to the auction in Moranta with me in a few days." 
Vincent was so flabbergasted that he was at a loss for words. 
Finally, he found his voice. "That is not counted. She's just doing this because it's the sensible thing to do." 
"You think this is sensible? So, what would be considered emotional?" 
Vincent replied immediately, "If she agrees to get back together with you, of course!" 
Gareth arched his eyebrow. "She's treating my disease and cooking for me willingly." 
"That's just b*llshit. I bet she's just treating it as her responsibility as a doctor." Vincent pulled a long face with resentment in his eyes. 
Jeremy smirked at him. "Well, that is leaps and bounds better than you. At least Gareth has a lot of opportunities to speak to Elisa. What about you and Rachel? You lack communication and feelings." 
"D*mn it!" Vincent's yelled and slumped his shoulders, finding no way to retaliate. 
Gareth gazed at him stonily. "Anything else?" 
Vincent quietly poured another glass of wine for himself. 
After emptying it, he placed the glass on the table harshly. "F*ck, I can't accept this!" 
Feeling amused, Jeremy also poured a glass of wine for himself. "You have to learn from Gareth – think of a way to talk to her." 
Vincent had no thoughts of replying. His spirits had plummeted. 
Moments ago, he was confident that Gareth was just making things up. He finally realized that he had been the clown all along. 
D*mn it!
###chapter1282
Chapter 1282
CHAPTER 1282 IS IT SO DIFFICULT? 
Vincent became antisocial, not wanting to speak to either of them. 
However, it was naive of him to think that things would end peacefully since he started it all. 
Gareth fixed his gaze on his good friend before continuing calmly, "I haven't told her about the auction." 
Vincent was confused by his sudden statement, but Jeremy chuckled. 
"What are you laughing about?" He frowned at Jeremy. 
Vincent's nerves were still on edge. He was sure Gareth was trying to rub salt in the wound, but he couldn't figure out the meaning behind the sentence. 
Jeremy looked at him with a wide grin. "Why don't you think about it?" 
If I said it out loud, Vincent might be even more hurt. 
"Just shoot. Would I have asked if I knew what he was referring to?" he said impatiently. 
Nevertheless, Gareth remained silent and impassive. 
Finally, Jeremy couldn't stop his laughter anymore and explained, "He's implying that if Elisa knows about the auction, they would have more opportunities to talk to each other. But what about you?" 
"What the hell?" The impatience was quickly replaced with a sulky demeanor. "This is so unfair! Where did your conscience go?" 
Vincent roared out loud in dissatisfaction. 
However, he was completely ignored by Gareth, who seemed to be oblivious to the emotional damage he inevitably caused. 
"How is this fair? Tell me! You jerk! You're using this to emotionally manipulate her, forcing her to interact with you! This doesn't prove that your situation is better than mine. I don't buy it!" 
Gareth, who had been a man of few words, suddenly looked at him with interest. 
"You can try the same thing, but do you think you'll succeed?" 
"You–" Vincent's face turned grim. 
You jerk! *sshole! 
He was at a loss of what to say, as he had already said everything on his mind, but Gareth simply refuted his logic. 
D*mn it! Vincent shut his eyes and took a deep breath to keep his emotions in check. I can't be triggered by him so easily. 
Yet, after his anger subsided, jealousy took over. I have to admit that he really knows what game he is playing. Why does this work on Elisa but not on Rachel? The only thing I can use to speak to her is my
mother's heirloom. But, it makes her act even more on guard toward me. J*sus, this is going to be the death of me! 
After wallowing in anger for some time, Vincent suddenly remembered something and looked at Gareth. 
"Wait – didn't you say that you didn't like Elisa a while back? Why are you comparing yourself to me now? Are you admitting that you've fallen for her?" 
Jeremy looked at him quietly. Do you even need to ask this question out loud? Gareth will never admit it. Based on his temperament and his pride, he would never do such a thing. Or perhaps he isn't even aware of it himself. 
It was clear to them that Gareth had taken a liking to Elisa, but they were unsure if he was aware of it. 
With a slight frown, Gareth said, "We're talking about our current condition, and I'm analyzing my situation for you. This has nothing to do with my feelings." 
"D*mn it! You're such a jerk! You talk to her every day, trying to get closer to her, yet you're telling me that you don't like her in the end! Are you serious?" Vincent snorted in exasperation as he poured another glass of wine. "Is it that difficult to admit it?"
###chapter1283
Chapter 1283
CHAPTER 1283 YOU’VE CLEARLY FALLEN FOR HER! 
Gareth frowned and ignored him. 
Vincent snorted. "You'd better tone down your confidence, mark my words. At this stage, it's so obvious that you care about her. Are we that dumb to you?" 
When he looked at Vincent quietly, Gareth's brows were still tightly knitted together, indicating that it was time for the latter to shut up. 
Vincent snickered and continued, "What the hell are you thinking? It's been clear as day to us. I don't know if you're brushing it off because of your pride or if you're truly unaware of your feelings for Elisa. Don't make the same mistake as I did." 
Gareth shot daggers at him. "You're not me, so you shouldn't comment on my situation." 
"Comment, my *ss! I'm telling you this simply because we are friends. Do you think I'd care if this happened to a stranger?" Vincent retorted in annoyance. 
Since they were close friends, he didn't care much. 
Jeremy also turned his gaze to Gareth. "Vincent finally knows it's time to get back on track. It's not too late for him. But, if you continue dragging it out, it might be too late for you." 
Gareth's frown seemed to tighten. Yet, he pursed his lips, looking as though he had no intentions of loosening them. 
Vincent took a sip of the wine, not finishing the entire glass this time. After placing the glass on the table, he said coolly, "No one can tell you what to do since it's your life. But you have to understand the situation. If you really believe you're indifferent to her, there's no need to force her to be with you. Are you doing this purely for your grandmother?" 
Gareth remained quiet. 
At that moment, they were unsure if he didn't want to comment on it, or if he was at a loss for words. 
Jeremy added, "You must know that Vincent hurt Rachel greatly as he attempted to take back that heirloom. Because of that, Rachel is very dismissive of him. The same goes for Elisa. Are you going to let the situation worsen? Why are you forcing her to be with you if you don't like her? I understand your grandmother wants to see you both reconcile, but I'm sure you know that she would have eventually given up on it if you didn't give her any hope." 
"That's right! Now that things have reached this stage, your grandmother is expecting both of you to start dating soon. If Elisa continues to reject you, your grandmother will be even more disappointed. Can't you tell?" As Vincent spoke, he focused on Gareth's face. 
He was frowning so much that his eyebrows almost met each other. 
"Clearly, you know the situation but don't want to let her go. You want her, don't you? Stop saying she suits you; you have already fallen for her! " Vincent blurted out clearly, not allowing Gareth a moment to sort through his thoughts. 
Right after that, he felt that something was off and continued, "Wait, it's not just you've fallen for her;
you're in love with her! You can't live without her, can you? Think about it – while you guys were married, have you ever dreamt of her? Yet, she often appears in your dreams after the divorce, doesn't she?" 
Gareth kept his eyes downcast, but there was a noticeable twitch in his eyes as the realization finally dawned on him. 
Be it during the marriage or after the divorce…
###chapter1284
Chapter 1284
CHAPTER 1284 CHANCES? 
I've always dreamed of her. She's become a regular occurrence in my dreams. I can't believe that I remember every movement, every smile of hers. 
He used to wonder how he was able to remember her looks so clearly. It was at that moment he realized she had appeared in his dreams. 
With that realization, his frown became more profound. 
He was at a loss for words – it was a terrible feeling for him. 
Jeremy looked at him indifferently. "Just admit it – you like her. There's nothing to be embarrassed about. Apart from that, are you sure Elisa is the mastermind behind everything that happened a few years back? You've known her since you were young; do you really think she's capable of doing that?" 
A grim look clouded Gareth's face. "She hid so many identities from me. If I'm important enough to her, I would know at least one of her identities." 
Since she hid so many things from him, it was plausible that she could have also hidden parts of her life. To Gareth, Elisa had countless different personalities and personas. He never knew the real her. 
Both Vincent and Jeremy went silent after hearing that. 
That makes sense… It seems like Elisa has never revealed her true self to Gareth. 
At that moment, they dared not give him any further advice. 
So what if we encourage him to keep going? He has probably fallen for her. What if he starts pursuing her? If she never returns his feelings and feigns her feelings for him in the past, he will be terribly hurt. 
With that thought in mind, they were tongue-tied. 
The long speech Vincent had been preparing was scraped off. 
Upon realizing it was plain water, Gareth took the glass on the table irritably and placed it down again. 
Silence hung in the usually boisterous room. Yet, at that moment, the closed environment was so quiet that it was terrifying. 
Ten minutes later, he suddenly got up. 
Vincent and Jeremy immediately stared at him as they asked, "Where are you going?" 
"Home." 
He walked out of the room in huge strides, losing all intentions of staying there. 
The other two friends exchanged guilty glances, feeling they had made the wrong move by forcing him to admit his feelings for Elsia. 
Though Elisa and Rachel had been friends, their personalities and capabilities differed greatly. It was impossible to compare them on the same scale. 
We shouldn't have spoken that much… 
Vincent finished another glass of wine in one gulp as soon as the door was closed. 
"D*mn it! Nothing we did was right! I also feel sorry for him upon seeing his hardships." 
Jeremy went silent for a moment before taking out the wine glass slowly. "We can't control who we fall for. Since we don't know what exactly is going on with Elisa, we can only let things take their natural course. Before that, let's wait until his grandmother gets better. We can only take things one step at a time." 
"One step at a time… That's the only reason why they're still communicating. If she's cured, there's no other excuse to be around her. By then, he will be in the same helpless situation as I am right now. Apart from that…"
###chapter1285
Chapter 1285
CHAPTER 1285 WHO’S THAT MAN? 
Vincent paused before continuing awkwardly, "Elisa is cleverer than Rachel. His situation is going to be worse than mine." 
"Let's see. At the end of the day, he has to realize the truth himself. Nothing we say would work otherwise." 
Vincent continued to drink morosely. Neither of them had the intention to leave. 
… 
The night gradually darkened. 
After reaching home, Gareth took a shower and sat on his bed. He couldn't be bothered with the piles of documents on his desk. Instead, he was looking at his phone. 
In the past, he used to hate incoming calls on his phone for interrupting his work, except for the calls from Thomas. 
However, the silence from his phone was so deafening that he couldn't get used to it. 
Even though he wouldn't receive many calls, to begin with, the silence felt unsettling. 
It's been a while since Elisa contacted me first. 
He paused for a moment before finally calling her number. After a few rings, the call connected. 
"Hey." Her voice was void of all emotions. 
Gareth pursed his lips and continued, "I received news from the auction that they got hold of Hesperis." 
"Really?" she exclaimed, joy and excitement seeping into her indifferent voice. 
It seemed like she finally came back to life at that moment. 
Gareth frowned, annoyed that she valued the herb more than him. Even though it was a crucial ingredient to cure Julia, he was still displeased that it completely dominated her attention. 
With that thought in his mind, his face darkened. He clenched his phone in frustration. 
Yet, he still replied icily, "Yeah." 
Elisa seemed to have opened up upon hearing the news. "I've done a couple more experiments over the past few days. If we could get Hesperis, Grandma will definitely recover – you can take my word for it!" 
Due to Jeremy's influence, he had always assumed that Elisa would find the solution. Even when she was uncertain of her own skills, he never once doubted her. Hence, he was not surprised by her confident statement. 
Instead, he was displeased that her attention and excitement were only roused due to the news. 
Nevertheless, Elisa did not notice his annoyance and continued, "Are you free? Let's head there a few days before the auction to avoid accidents." 
"Sure," Gareth replied indifferently, but Elisa was already used to it. 
"Is there anything else? If not, let's end the call. I'm busy with something else here." 
The look in Gareth's eyes turned sharper when he heard that. Since Elisa was not there, she was oblivious to it. 
She was unsure if he had some other news, so she waited for a reply or for him to hang up. After a while, she received neither of those responses and looked at her phone in confusion. 
She ensured the call was still connected and asked, "Gareth?" 
The vein on his forehead throbbed as he was overcome with an urge to ask her a question. Nonetheless, he couldn't bring himself to do it because of his pride. 
When he heard another man calling Elisa, a cloud of displeasure cast a dark shadow on his face. 
"Where are you? Why are you with other men?" he demanded sharply.
###chapter1286
Chapter 1286
CHAPTER 1286 THE BIGGEST LOSS 
Elisa frowned. "It's none of your business. Now, do you have any other news or not?" 
"Where are you?" he repeated even more threateningly. 
Elisa was perplexed by his reaction. From his tone, it didn't seem like he had other news, so she ignored his question and hung up. 
Gareth's room instantly dropped several degrees. Even without the air-conditioner, one could feel the chilling atmosphere in the room. 
… 
On the other hand, Elisa hung up and walked out of the room immediately. 
She went back to the study to take something, so the people outside were not aware she was on a phone call. They would have left her to her own privacy if they had known otherwise. 
As soon as she exited, she apologized, "Sorry about that. I got a call just now. We can continue the discussion." She waved the documents in her hands. 
James was surprised to hear that. "Oh, I see. I shouldn't have distracted you, then." 
"No worries. It's not a big deal; let's continue." 
Jessie looked at her in admiration. "It's rare to see such an accomplished woman like yourself, Elisa. You're the pride of the Benett Group. If your dad could see you now, I'm sure he would be very proud of you." 
And he would rest in peace now, she thought, but she didn't say it out loud for fear of reminding others of her melancholic past. 
Elisa smiled quietly. 
Rachel, who arrived with James, was sitting next to her. They talked business right in front of Rachel without any reservations. After all, she was Elisa's closest friend. Apart from that, she was not part of the company's management team, so it didn't matter. 
Jessie, on the other hand, was quite close with James. Both of them held the same stance in supporting Elisa's father. 
Jessie was known for having a sharp tongue. It was extremely rare to hear her complimenting other people. Elisa was most likely the only one she freely paid compliments to. 
With that start, both of them started the discussion solemnly. 
Having no knowledge about the topic, Rachel was bored. Since she was not a part of the company, she couldn't participate in their conversation either. Hence, she kept herself entertained with her phone. 
Elisa turned a page of the proposal and let out a small sigh. "I'm not that satisfied with this plan. But judging from our current situation, I can't think of a better way. We can only try to overcome the difficulties." 
"What difficulties?" Jessie and James asked unanimously. They never treated Elisa lightly because of her young age, as she was simply too outstanding. Her intuition was so accurate and sharp that they didn't dare neglect her opinions– that would be the greatest loss. 
She raised a finger and pointed at the upper half of the paper. "The collaboration with Darcey Group. To be frank, we should try to depend on our own profits. The fifty percent split with them is quite a loss. Another thing is…" 
Then, Elisa explained her thoughts on the matter before ending exasperatedly with, "Let's try to think of a way to manufacture them ourselves." 
James nodded. "You're right. We can only try to overcome this ourselves. But Elisa, are you planning to announce you're Rene Caovilla?"
###chapter1287
Chapter 1287
CHAPTER 1287 LIFE IS SO UNFAIR 
Jessie shot a glance at Elisa, but Rachel… 
Though she was focused on her phone, she heard the conversation clearly. 
"W-Wha?" she spluttered dumbfoundedly and fixed her gaze on Elisa incredulously, not daring to even blink. 
Elisa's expression revealed nothing, so Rachel turned to her uncle. 
"Uncle James, what did you just say?" 
She was taken aback by the piece of news. Why have I been unaware of this? 
Elisa's eyes flashed before she spoke gently, "Let's talk about it later." 
"What the f*ck?" Rachel exclaimed. 
She doubted her hearing moments ago, not entirely believing it. However, Elisa's words proved that she had heard correctly – Elisa was Rene Caovilla. 
My goodness! Since when was Elisa also Rene? That woman is so influential! 
She took another deep breath. "Repeat it again – who are you? What do you mean by 'later'?" 
A glimmer of emotion flitted across Elisa's eyes as she explained softly, "I didn't tell you because it was not the right time. I wanted to avoid you being involved in this." 
"No sh*t!" Rachel's eyes widened in shock. So, Elisa really is Rene! What? 
"Are you still human?" Rachel blurted out strongly, unable to help herself. 
James frowned upon hearing that. "Is this the way to talk to someone?" 
Jessie chuckled. "I guess Rachel's not blaming Elisa for keeping this from her. She just thinks that it's impossible for Elisa to be proficient at so many things and that Elisa must be an alien for doing so." 
Rachel nodded vigorously. "That's right! I f*cking–" 
She couldn't help cursing in every sentence due to the surprise. James tapped on her forehead. "Young lady, watch your mouth!" 
Rachel took a few steps back, clutching her forehead as she protested, "Uncle James, I'm so dim because you keep hitting me! Otherwise, I would have found out about this ages ago!" 
"You're born dim-witted, or you would have figured it out already," he commented without hesitation. 
Rachel immediately pouted. "She's simply incredible! Elisa, are you still human? This is so d*mn terrifying!" 
To Rachel, it was hard to believe. 
Elisa must have time traveled from somewhere else, or she might be an angel descended on earth. How does she know so many things? 
Then, she looked at Elisa dubiously. "Tell me – do you know any witchcraft?" she interrogated. 
Jessie snorted out laughing. "You're getting more and more ridiculous." 
Elisa smiled without any explanation. 
"Aaaah, you b*tch! I can't believe you didn't tell me a thing!" 
Swearing at her best friend was quite a peculiar feeling, but Rachel couldn't help it. 
"What did I just say?" James' face darkened. 
No matter how close Elisa and Rachel were, it was still inappropriate. 
Nevertheless, James' warning didn't reach Rachel's ears. She had lost all intentions of looking at her phone. Instead, she looked at Elisa with a thunderstruck expression as she lamented wistfully, "Life is so unfair…"
###chapter1288
Chapter 1288
CHAPTER 1288 ARE YOU STAYING HERE TONIGHT? 
"I feel like I have very little knowledge and haven't achieved anything noteworthy, while you seem to know so much and have accomplished so many things," Rachel said with a tinge of disappointment. 
Elisa remained silent, knowing that she was being exaggeratingly dramatic. 
A sudden worry gripped James as he feared that Rachel might feel depressed upon realizing the vast difference in aptitude between her and Elisa. "You can't compare yourself to Elisa," he reassured her. "She's an incredibly rare prodigy. However, you could indeed benefit from some more training. You're a skilled lawyer but not at the top of your class yet." 
Jessie grinned, trying to hold back her laughter. 
Meanwhile, Elisa shook her head without saying anything. 
Nevertheless, Rachel didn't seem to have heard James. She was deep in her thoughts before looking at Elisa indignantly. "Okay! I've decided that I won't do anything else besides being your assistant! And you should give me half your assets in return!" 
James' eyes twitched upon hearing Rachel's demands. 
"Are you an id*ot?" 
"Elisa and I are as good as sisters! We should share everything together. But when trouble hits, it's time to part ways." 
"Hahaha!" Jessie couldn't stop herself anymore and laughed out loud. With Rachel around, the atmosphere turned lively and bubbly, even though she slowed their progress slightly. Since they were just discussing home, their time was quite flexible. Besides, they were already nearing the end of their conversation, so there was no harm in taking a breather. 
Elisa also said hilariously, "Don't worry. Rachel and I are always fooling around like this." 
James sighed helplessly. "This young lady deserves a scolding!" 
Rachel held his arm in dissatisfaction. "Uncle James, you're my uncle after all. Why do you always scold me instead of cherishing me?" 
"Go away and stop interrupting us. We're at work now!" 
"Hmph! You didn't even tell me that Elisa is Rene!" 
"You should blame yourself for not discovering it sooner," he snorted. 
"What? So it's my fault?" 
Elisa nudged her temples and said, "Go back to your phone." 
With that, she looked at James and Jessie and asserted, "Let's continue." 
Both of them resumed their businesslike demeanor. Even though Rachel liked to fool around, she knew
better than to interrupt them, so she obediently returned to her phone. 
After another half an hour, they were finally done. 
James said with satisfaction, "I don't see any problem with this collaboration anymore, and I'm sure the company is heading in a great direction. Elisa, what you have wished for is possible after this is over. I'm sure Benett Corporation will no longer remain stagnant; we can definitely enter the top thirty corporations." 
Elisa nodded with a smile. "I'm looking forward to that day." 
"It will definitely arrive," Jessie said confidently. 
When Norman took charge, they could only maintain their current ranking. It was futile to even hope to increase their ranks. 
But now that Elisa was taking charge, it was a breath of fresh air into the corporation. The company had been doing better, and everyone was looking forward to the day they would achieve that feat. 
"It's getting late now. We should leave soon." James looked at his watch and stood up. 
Rachel sat on the couch lazily. 
"Are you staying here tonight?" James asked.
###chapter1289
Chapter 1289
CHAPTER 1289 WHAT IS WRONG WITH HIM? 
"Yeah, I don't feel like leaving. It's too tiring," Rachel replied lazily. 
However, James instructed coolly, "You'd better go home with me. I have something to tell you." 
She looked at him perplexedly. "What is it?" 
He had never been so mysterious. 
"You'll see," he replied simply. 
"Okay." Rachel got up obediently. 
Jessie's gaze also fell on Elisa as she said, "Have a good rest tonight, Elisa. You must be tired after our long discussion." 
"I'm fine. Take care on your way back." Elisa smiled at them. 
They started walking out the door, and she was sending them off. 
However, another car arrived unexpectedly before they could get into their car. 
When their gaze landed on it, Rachel muttered, "This car… looks familiar." 
Understanding dawned on her suddenly. "This car!" 
It's Gareth! What is he doing here at this hour? 
At the same time, Jessie and James both figured out the newcomer's identity that had just arrived. 
Similarly, his tension and anger instantly abated when Gareth saw the visitors on the lawn. 
Oh, the man just now was James. 
He couldn't tell from the phone call just now. Apart from that, he wasn't thinking clearly due to his anger. Now that he had seen James, he was sure that it was his voice that he had overheard on the phone call with Elisa earlier. 
At the same time, Gareth remained in the car, indicating that he had no intention of speaking to them and was waiting for them to leave. 
James felt it wasn't in his position to comment on the situation, so he merely looked at Elisa and said, "We're off now, Elisa. Call me anytime if you have any problems." 
"Sure." She nodded with a smile. 
Jessie also flashed a smile at her before getting into the car. 
Rachel walked to her worriedly. "What's going on? I can stay here tonight if you're worried. What is he planning?" 
Elisa knew James must have something important to talk to Rachel about, so she said, "I asked him to
come here tonight. We have something to discuss. Don't worry – you can head back with them." 
Hence, Rachel also got into the car, leaving Elisa alone on the lawn. 
Still, Gareth didn't leave the car until everyone left. 
She remained standing at the lawn, showing no inclination to head back to her house because she didn't want Gareth to enter. 
She arched an eyebrow; an incredulous lingered over her face at his abrupt arrival. Is he here because he heard James' voice just now? 
In the next moment, her mind became clearer. That's impossible. Gareth has never liked me, and he never will. He's here because we are involved in the process together. Still, I don't understand why he's here at such a late hour. What is wrong with him? 
As he walked to her imposingly, his sharp gaze was fixed on her intently. 
With a slight frown, she asked, "What are you doing here?"
###chapter1290
Chapter 1290
CHAPTER 1290 I MUST BE MAD 
"Why can't I be here?" he replied in annoyance. I wouldn't have made my way here if she had told me who that man was. 
With that thought in mind, a dark shadow overcast his features. 
I don't understand why my emotions are always triggered by her. It doesn't feel good at all. 
His face turned grim upon recalling the conversation with Vincent and Jeremy. 
Elisa looked at him indifferently. "You don't have to come here if it's not important. We should reduce our interactions as much as possible. It's better for both of us." 
She paused deliberately before her last sentence to emphasize the message. 
She had no interest in him at all, and she wanted to avoid unnecessary communication. 
It's a waste of time and effort. If it weren't for Grandma and the fact that I'm a doctor who knows the cure for her, I won't give this b*astard a second glance! We don't even need to talk to each other. I just want to get away from him and never see him again. After Grandma is cured, I won't meet him anymore. 
The more she thought about it, the more steely her determinations were. 
However, Gareth, who was still annoyed, was oblivious to her silent vow. After hearing her words, veins
throbbed on his forehead. 
She frowned at him with no intention of inviting him into her house. 
He pursed his lips to control his emotions as he entered the house. When he reached the door, Elisa suddenly blocked him. 
He stopped and looked at her coldly. 
"You're not welcomed here," she said firmly as she glared at him, showing no hospitality. 
Ever since the divorce, she seemed to have changed into another person. Gareth thought she was playing hard to get to attract his attention. But, deep in his heart, a lurking discomfort of the truth vibrated through the rest of his body. 
His brows were tightly furrowed together. Still, he insisted on entering the house. 
Seeing how Elisa didn't make way for him, he snorted, "Do you think you can stop me?" 
Elisa looked at him questioningly. 
What is he talking about? This is my house! It's not somewhere he can simply enter as he likes. Am I an outsider now? 
"Are you out of your mind?" Elisa glowered at him. "Why do I feel like you're getting increasingly shameless?" 
He's become more thick-skinned. He was such a prideful person. In the past, he would leave as soon as I said something harsh and would not back down from my sharp words. He still doesn't back down, but he seems to be deliberately attempting to annoy me. Does he really have no shame anymore? It's is… unbelievable to see him like this. 
The protruding veins throbbed on his forehead as a heavy cloud of somberness cast on his face. 
"Shameless?" He shot a sharp look at her. "I must be mad to be shameless! Why do you think I came all the way here?!" 
His words confused Elisa.
###chapter1291
Chapter 1291
CHAPTER 1291 GET LOST! GO TO HELL! 
What the hell is he talking about? He is so erratic! 
Elisa's brows locked together in a tight frown. Though Gareth was silent, he seemed to have something to tell her. 
Did something happen? Otherwise, he won't be here all of a sudden. Though he's been acting weird lately. 
Silence suddenly fell on the lawn. 
Finally, Gareth couldn't stop himself and asked, "Are you sure you're not going to invite me into your house? Do you want the neighbors to see this?" 
Though they were in Elisa's house, they were also in public view. Anyone outside might overhear their conversation. 
A dark cloud of discontent and impatience painted her face. 
She had shown similar reactions before, but she somehow seemed more at peace this time. 
Despite her words of exasperation, witnessing her seemingly composed demeanor made Gareth even more worried. 
She was genuinely tired of him; it was not like before when she was simply vexed. 
"What do you want?" she asked slowly. Facing Gareth, she didn't have a lot to say. 
The veins protruded even more on his forehead. 
Without any warning, he swept her off her feet. It was so quick and unexpected that Elisa didn't realize it until she fell into his arms. 
She took a sharp breath and wrapped her arms around his neck to avoid falling. 
When her delicate arms touched his neck, both of them jolted. 
"Put me down!" Elisa let go of him, flustered. 
She struggled against his grip, but he held her tightly, not giving her the space to do so. 
"Gareth! What the hell are you doing?" Her brows were tightly knitted in a frown. 
Her voice was no longer as collected as it was before. This time around, it was laced with fury. 
She didn't notice it, but Gareth felt calmer when he finally caught a scent of emotion in her voice. 
At least she was no longer showing cold disappointment. 
"Open the door." 
"What are you going to do if I don't?" she challenged him furiously. 
"Hah…" he snorted. The coldness in his eyes was slowly replaced by another emotion. 
Elisa couldn't decipher it, and she tried to shove him away by pushing his shoulders. 
However, her efforts were futile as she was held tightly in his arms. 
Since she couldn't do anything about it, she placed her hands back on her body. 
Before she could ask him to get lost, his magnetic voice rang in her ears. 
"Are you sure?" 
Elisa froze. She was suddenly uncertain about what actions he would take next. 
In the past, he didn't want to be involved in any rumors with her, so he would never touch her unless they were both present in the public eye. 
Yet, things had changed. 
He's very obedient to his grandmother and wants to please her. It's possible that he's doing this for her. D*mn it! This b*stard should go to hell! 
Upon seeing her silence, the weight on Gareth's heart felt lighter. 
As the coldness slowly disintegrated from his face, he looked at Elisa and asked patiently, "Open the door?"
###chapter1292
Chapter 1292
CHAPTER 1292 SERVES YOU RIGHT! 
Elisa didn't reply, for she didn't want to open the door for him. 
However, she was worried that he might do something crazy. Though she knew how to fight, she realized she was just another meek woman who couldn't defy him. 
He was able to predict her movements perfectly, leaving her helpless. 
Am I too weak, or is he too strong? 
Elisa was so annoyed that she didn't want to speak to him. 
In the end, she still placed her finger on the door handle. As soon as her fingerprint was recognized, the door opened. 
After entering the house, Gareth set her down and closed the door without doing anything else. 
Elisa immediately took a few steps back, cautious about his further actions. 
When they parted, they felt a weird, uneasy feeling lingering in the space between them. 
She took a deep breath and sat on the couch while Gareth changed into indoor slippers and sat opposite her. 
He knew she would not take it well if he sat beside her. 
She eyed him vigilantly and asked coldly, "So, what's up?" 
It seemed like he had something to discuss with her – perhaps it was about the auction overseas. 
Gareth took out his vibrating phone without replying to her. 
She watched him pick up the phone quietly. 
"Grandma." 
She immediately looked at him when she heard his voice. 
Julia's voice rang next after he switched the call to using speakers. 
"Gareth, what are you doing now?" Everything seemed normal on her end. 
"Why?" He avoided her question. At the same time, he shot Elisa a glance, which she understood instantly. 
She took out her phone and texted Mr. Jones, the butler at Wickam Manor. 
Mr. Jones was instructed to reply to texts instantly, so his phone could not be silent. 
"Nothing much. I'm just bored, and I thought of calling you. I bet you're still up, aren't you?" 
When Julia finished speaking, Elisa received a text back from Mr. Jones. 
After ensuring there was no issue, she showed the conversation to Gareth. 
Elisa: 'Mr. Jones, is Grandma okay?' 
Mr. Jones: 'Yes, everything is fine here. There's nothing to worry about.' 
Gareth retracted his gaze and replied, "Yeah, I'm still up. Why? Did you have a fight with Grandpa?" 
Julia replied haughtily, "Oh, he wouldn't dare!" 
Darren had been spoiling Julia lately; he complied with everything she instructed. If she asked him to turn left, he would never turn in any other direction. 
Gareth arched his eyebrow and responded, "True. I think so too." 
Julia chuckled. "Of course. Well, I don't have anything specific to talk about. What are you doing now? Are you working overtime in the office? I know you are still young, but you can't overwork yourself. Sooner or later, your body won't be able to handle it." 
"I know. I'm not working right now," he replied patiently, without a tinge of annoyance. 
"That's more like it." Julia smiled. "When you're free, you better pay Elisa a visit. Don't be all high and mighty all the time. Treat Elisa more like a lady – give in to her occasionally. You like her, yet you don't put more effort into pursuing her. Serves you right to be single!"
###chapter1293
Chapter 1293
CHAPTER 1293 FOOLING AROUND 
Elisa was speechless when she heard that. 
Grandma once said that she wouldn't force us. Yet, now she's privately asking Gareth to pursue me! 
Gareth looked at her indifferently. "I know." 
"What do you know? When are you visiting her?" Julia asked regrettably. "I was already sleeping, but I had a nightmare about Elisa avoiding you completely. In the dream, she was very annoyed by you and despised you greatly. I don't understand how you can be so useless in relationships; you are so successful in running a business, yet you are a nobody in front of Elisa!" 
Elisa remained speechless while Gareth's face darkened further. 
His lips were pressed into a grim line as he remained silent. The speaker was still on, and he didn't seem to have any intentions of turning it off. 
"Hey, say something! When are you going to visit her? If you lose such a good woman, I'll disinherit you! Oh, how infuriating!" 
Julia clenched her phone tightly. Initially, she was lying on her bed. She grew more agitated whenever the topic was brought up, so she sat up to scold him. 
Gareth pursed his lips before replying slowly, "I'm at her place now." 
There was a brief silence before she exploded, "You rascal! Have you started telling lies? Is this how you talk to your grandmother now?" 
"I'm serious," Gareth replied calmly. He was starting to feel better listening to Julia's reactions. 
"Do you think I'll believe you? It takes some time for you to reach Elisa's place!" Julia let out a snort. "You'd better pay her a visit tomorrow, or you'll have to explain to me!" 
"I said it just now – I'm already at her place now," he repeated patiently. 
Elisa felt a sense of foreboding premonition. 
Sure enough, Julia snorted out laughing from her anger. 
"Alright, then. Let me hear her voice to prove yourself." 
"The call on loudspeakers. She heard everything you said just now," he added. 
Julia's eyebrow twitched. I've promised Elisa to stop pairing them up. But now… 
Julia's expression changed, but she still asked skeptically, "Are you making a fool out of me?" 
"No." Gareth looked at Elisa and said, "Say something." 
Elisa looked back at him in confusion. 
It's already not ideal that I overheard their conversation, and it's an even worse idea to let Grandma know I'm here. What is wrong with him? 
She stared at his handsome face quietly and shot him a stare. 
Nevertheless, he looked back at her without speaking, insisting that she say something. 
Julia paid close attention to the sounds on the other end but didn't hear anything. 
"You rascal! You're clearly fooling around with me! Elisa doesn't even reciprocate your feelings, so you should buckle up!" 
Gareth hung up the call. 
Just when Julia was infuriated by his actions, she suddenly received a video call from him. 
She picked it up hesitantly. The moment she was about to speak, the screen switched from Gareth to Elisa. 
As soon as Julia saw Elisa sitting on the couch with her head lowered, her expression changed instantly. 
"I–"
###chapter1294
Chapter 1294
CHAPTER 1294 IT’S A SUCCESS! 
Julia froze and couldn't utter a word. Is he really at Elisa's house? 
Julia looked confused. 
She had promised Elisa not to act that way. But now? 
Julia sensed that something wasn't right. Her grandchild was probably pulling her leg! 
When she thought of that, she couldn't help but probe the truth from him. "Are you really at Elisa's house?" 
Gareth looked calm while Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She didn't move, pretending the screen was frozen, but Gareth spoke up immediately. 
"Lift your head. Grandma is looking at you." 
Elisa didn't say a word. 
What else could she say in this situation? She lifted her head and looked at Gareth's camera. She forced out a smile at the camera. 
"Grandma..." 
Her voice seemed forced. 
Elisa truly felt that this situation wasn't appropriate. Moreover, she didn't expect Gareth to point the camera toward her. 
"Elisa?" Julia had an unnatural expression when she saw Elisa. She looked confused and was eager to give her grandchild a good beating! 
Why didn't he tell her earlier? 
"Yes..." Elisa replied softly. After a brief pause, she softly said, "Grandma, it's late. Why haven't you slept?" 
At that moment, she could only look at Gareth's camera while Julia's expression was obscured from view. 
However, she wasn't planning to take a look, as it would make Grandma feel more awkward and embarrassed. 
But... 
Not everything could go as she wished because there was a bastard who wanted to ensure they were unhappy. 
Gareth got up and walked towards Elisa. Julia could see the camera's movement capturing different corners of the house. When she looked closely, she could see Elisa there. It wasn't an animation. It wasn't fabricated at all. 
Although she had never been to Elisa's new house, she knew its setup. She had seen it in the pictures. 
Julia felt her blood pressure rise. What an unfilial grandson! 
Soon after, Gareth sat beside Elisa. 
Elisa didn't say anything. 
Her body suddenly froze, but there was nothing she could do. Her face turned gloomy. 
However, she kept her composure. She couldn't let Grandma find out anything about their situation. 
Later, Gareth adjusted the camera, and Julia could see them both sitting together. 
In an instant... 
Julia's awkwardness disappeared. Instead, she was overjoyed. It's a success! 
These two will eventually get together! 
At that moment, her eyes were gleaming with endless joy. 
Before she could continue, she heard Gareth's voice from her handphone. "Both of you can have a conversation first." 
Gareth left his phone with Elisa as soon as she said that. 
Elisa was startled and couldn't say anything. 
This bastard! 
How could she turn off the camera at that moment? She had to prioritize Grandma's feelings. 
Elisa held on to the phone stiffly and slowly smiled at the camera. 
Julia remembered what Elisa had asked earlier and immediately answered, "I've just taken a nap."
###chapter1295
Chapter 1295
CHAPTER 1295 IN SYNC 
She was about to share that she woke up frightened due to a nightmare but immediately fell silent as she felt it wasn't suitable to share. 
Elisa could immediately sense that Grandma must've had a nightmare about the both of them and became worried. That was the reason she called Gareth. 
She didn't know how to continue the conversation. 
Julia also felt awkward. 
She took a deep breath and hastily said, "I... I'm feeling a bit tired now that it's getting late. Both of you should rest earlier too." 
Elisa was confused. 
Why do her words sound coy? 
Gareth stood by the side. The corner of his lips lifted slightly, but he immediately pulled back his face into an impassive expression as if he had never smiled. 
Before Elisa could reply, Julia had ended the call. 
It must be... 
Elisa passed the handphone back to Gareth, and her face turned somber. 
What could she question Gareth at that moment? 
Now that everything had passed, she had nothing to say. 
She coldly said, "Grandma saw us together. Can you leave now?" 
He hadn't explained his plans to her until now, but she wasn't in the mood to talk to him. 
Gareth calmly told her, "We'll leave five days earlier." 
Elisa's eyes trembled slightly. 
Five days earlier? 
She thought they were leaving three days earlier. 
But if this is the plan, he must've something to do. 
After contemplating for a while, she held back her frustration and reluctance to converse with him and finally asked him softly, "What are your plans?" 
Gareth's expression was calm. "I'm going to do some investigations. Many people have been interested in Hesperis recently. Besides, it's the final item to be presented at the auction. I'll head there earlier to find out more about it." 
Some things couldn't be handled by Thomas alone. Gareth had to be there. 
Elisa thought for a while and nodded. "Alright, what do you need me to do?" 
She had to help him if it was within her ability. 
"I'll let you know when we get there." 
Elisa looked confused. 
"Why not tell me now?" 
Gareth pursed his lips without responding. 
Elisa was left speechless by the way he blatantly ignored her. 
Besides, she was not in the mood to ask any further. 
She looked blankly at the person in front of her. "So, could you leave now?" 
If he isn't going to say anything, then there's no need to stay here any longer. 
Gareth's face remained inscrutable to discern. 
His eyes looked somber, but he did not even move an inch. 
Elisa's forehead creased into a deep scowl. How did his skin become so thick? 
He always refuses to leave. 
While she was feeling frustrated, her phone rang. 
It was a call from an unknown number. Elisa's brows furrowed at the unexpected phone call. She'd much rather pick up a phone call that might've been a prank than talk to the stubborn man in front of her who refused to get out. 
She immediately accepted the call. 
"Hello." 
"Hi, Elisa." 
The voice was altered. 
Elisa frowned and went straight into the study. At the same time, she hinted at Gareth with a meaningful glance. 
Gareth stood up and followed her without saying a word. 
Elisa showed him the screen on her phone. She then took out her earphones to listen more closely to the voice. Finally, she proceeded to ask the caller sternly, "Who are you?" 
"It doesn't matter who I am. We're good as long as I know who you are." 
Elisa remained calm and did not utter a word before Gareth took out a laptop to intercept their call. 
At times, their minds were so in sync.
###chapter1296
Chapter 1296
CHAPTER 1296 DON’T FLATTER YOURSELF 
Elisa accepted the call and didn't say anything. Besides, Gareth only heard the caller say Elisa's name. 
Nonetheless, Gareth cooperated with Elisa and was prepared to hack into the caller's system. 
It was a type of teamwork that anyone else couldn't easily achieve. 
Unless they were someone who had a wide range of skill sets like they did. 
Elisa held onto the phone and waited for the caller to speak. After a short pause, the person on the other end of the line chuckled, "I should've made this call much earlier, but it would have been a loss to call you when you were not skilled enough to be my opponent. Congratulations! You're finally worthy of my call." 
The dainty voice had an arrogant tone. The caller chuckled again after replying. Their attitude towards Elisa was filled with both admiration and contempt. 
It was as if Elisa had become the toy they was interested in. 
Elisa wasn't affected by the caller's words. Instead, she asked indifferently, "So what now?" 
"So what?" The dainty voice giggled, seemingly satisfied with her response. "Nothing. I just wanted to know how you feel after being defeated by me like a rat on the street. Do you want to accept defeat?" 
Elisa's eyes were fixed on Gareth. She calmly said, "I can accept defeat." 
"What?" The dainty voice froze as she was startled. They continued to speak calmly, "I heard that Ms. Benett is always on your high horse, but how can you speak of accepting your defeat so easily? I nearly jumped out of my skin as I've heard very different things about you." 
Elisa's eyes twitched. "If you're not from Zovain, don't use their idioms. You'll look pathetic." 
"You!" The caller barked furiously. 
Elisa grinned. "You could try to check what it means." 
"Ha, very good!" The dainty voice deepened. Soon after, they spoke coldly, "Seeing how you're not interested in having a proper conversation, don't blame me for crossing the line." 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "The reason you called today was to brag to me?" 
"No, I just felt bored recently. Since you're a tough one, I thought you would be a fun toy for me, so I called you." 
Elisa looked calm. Her gaze fell on the computer screen that Gareth was controlling, and she replied coldly, "You're so childish." 
"How can this be considered childish? Every predator loves playing with their food. I remember another idiom from your country, one that describes how it feels like to be on cloud nine. I'm thrilled to see how pathetic you've become after what I did to you." 
Elisa raised her eyebrows and continued the conversation. "What did you do?" 
"Ha, doesn't it feel like a living hell? Are you satisfied with merely being alive?" 
The corner of her lips twitched. She had no intention of taking any of their words to heart, but she had to continue the conversation as Gareth was hacking into the caller's system. "Who would want to die? Moreover, I've never been bothered by anything. As for you, aren't you ashamed that you couldn't get rid of me even after attacking me multiple times? You must be weak." 
The caller sneered at her comment, "I only wanted to play with you a little longer. Don't flatter yourself."
###chapter1297
Chapter 1297
CHAPTER 1297 WHAT A PRACTICAL PERSON 
"Are you simply enjoying the fun longer, or are you too afraid to meet me in person, so you're making up all these acts?" Elisa let out a chortle as she mocked her, "Not meeting me is equivalent to being shameless, don't you think?" 
"You..." The caller turned hasty, but they kept their composure and snickered, "Hah..you see, I want to test if you're a worthy opponent. If you can stay alive, I might allow you to meet me. I hope you won't disappoint the expectations I have for you." 
Elisa's eyes twitched. "I don't care about meeting your expectations. However, I'm a little curious about the deep-seated hatred you have for me. Especially one where you'd resort to moving countries to kill me." 
Elisa had been trying to find out why but had been too busy recently. She didn't know who the caller was, nor was she aware of her connections with this person. 
"You don't have to waste your effort as you'll never figure it out, and you don't have to know. You only need to know one thing." After a slight pause, the dainty voice chuckled, "Once I lose interest in the game, your end will come." 
"Also, don't try to track me down now. Anything you find out will be useless. I advise you to save your effort and spend this time talking to me." 
"I have nothing to say to you," Elisa muttered with an indifferent response. 
"You..." The caller laughed forcefully and replied, "What a practical person." 
Elisa stared at Gareth's computer and put down the phone immediately without saying a word. 
Gareth stopped tracking when the phone call ended. 
As expected, the caller had robust protection. They came prepared with a plan in mind, so it would be difficult to hack into their system. 
After the call ended, the other party didn't call again. 
Gareth shifted his gaze to look at her. "A mere argument?" 
He was navigating through the system on the computer the whole time, and Elisa wore her earphones, so he couldn't hear anything the caller said. He could only decipher what happened from the words that emerged from Elisa's mouth. 
Elisa froze slightly. "It seems to be so on the surface." 
Gareth pressed his lips together in a hard line. His spiritless eyes betrayed no hint of emotions. 
Elisa laid her handphone down and slowly looked at the man. "Once this matter is settled, you should stay away from me. I'm afraid your presence around me would inevitably bring harm to grandma." 
Gareth sneered at her comment. "Grandma doesn't know anything, but do you think grandma would accept it if you suddenly become out of reach?" 
Elisa's brow furrowed in a tight knot, but she kept quiet. 
A deathly silence surrounded the study room. 
Both of them weren't saying anything. 
After a pause, Gareth looked calmly at her. "You can't live alone from now on." 
Elisa scowled in response. She wanted to refute him, but Gareth continued with a somber tone, "I won't leave you to fend for yourself just for grandma's sake. Before grandma recovers, I won't leave." 
Elisa clenched her jaws and asserted, "I can protect myself." 
Gareth stared at her calmly. "How can you guarantee that?" 
He knew how vicious the other party was. 
Moreover, he knew that Elisa wouldn't let him help if he did not express his sincere wish to help her. 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say a word more.
###chapter1298
Chapter 1298
CHAPTER 1298 STOP TALKING! F*CK! 
Gareth broke the silence as he said in a composed voice, "It's late. Let's get some rest." 
He stood up immediately and went to his room. 
Elisa's frown deepened further. 
... 
Gareth continued to stay in Elisa's house the next few days. 
It frustrated Elisa, but he disregarded her wishes despite her vocal opposition. 
He followed her wherever she went. 
In the end, Elisa had no choice but to compromise. 
It would be over after some time. 
By then, this man wouldn't be walking around her. 
They didn't share a single conversation the past few days. 
Elisa was being thoughtful by preparing an extra portion of food for him. Gareth didn't say it aloud, but he had been fed well, so his stomach issues seemed to calm down. 
Wait… 
Jeremy felt that something wasn't right. 
He looked confused as he stared at the person in front of him. He was bewildered. "How have you been taking such good care of yourself lately? You look different." 
Gareth, Jeremy, and Vincent were in the same booth. Gareth would be leaving with Elisa the day after, so it was their final meeting before he left. 
Vincent sneered at Jeremy's comment. "He stays at Elisa's house all day. How can he not be doing well? Elisa makes food for him daily; it's like feeding quality food to wagyu-graded cows." 
Jeremy couldn't help but laugh. "It sounds like you're jealous." 
"How could I not be? I'm about to explode thinking of how Rachel has been ignoring me lately!" Vincent frustratedly put his phone down on the coffee table and laid his back on the sofa. He furrowed his brows with his eyes closed. The current Vincent wasn't as easy going as he was in the past. 
Gareth glanced at him and said calmly, "You'll eventually have to pay the price for being a playboy in the past." 
Vincent immediately opened his eyes and stared at him. "Brother! Can't you hold back a little? After self-hypnotizing, I finally numbed my emotions, but you had to bring up my sufferings." 
Jeremy cackled with laughter. Seeing the frustration on Vincent's face, he couldn't help but say,
"There's nothing you can do about it. Who asked you to do such nasty things in the past? Now you have to slowly repay all your wrongdoings and see if she would give you another chance. I told you you liked her, but you didn't believe me. Do you believe me now?" 
"Enough! Stop talking! F*ck!" Vincent always thought he had no feelings for the tomboy and wasn't willing to admit it. But now, he couldn't conceal his emotions anymore. He realized that he had fallen for the tomboy. 
Well… 
It turned out that she wasn't a tomboy. Instead, she was delicate and gentle. The only reason why he used to call her a tomboy was to tease her. 
Gareth changed the topic and with a solemn voice, announced, "Please take care of the company the few days that I'm away." 
"No problem at all," Vincent immediately replied. "whoever is unsatisfied can get a piece of me." 
Jeremy raised his eyebrows. "The only person to be aware of is the Darcey Group, but Will Darcey has been uninterested in handling these matters." 
Jeremy then looked at Gareth. 
Gareth started to frown. 
On the contrary, Vincent was pleased. "Maybe he'll have time to work on these matters when you take Elisa away? Or maybe he'll join the both of you."
###chapter1299
Chapter 1299
CHAPTER 1299 HOW DO YOU WANT TO END YOUR LIFE? 
Gareth lifted an eyebrow as he glared at Vincent. 
"He's a nemesis! Don't you know that there are people who romantically pair the both of you?" Vincent said excitedly, "What would happen if you two ended up together?" 
The edges of Gareth's features hardened. 
He knew who Vincent was referring to. 
Many people on the Internet said that Gareth and Will were the real couple, and Elisa was the third wheel holding them back from revealing their relationship. 
Without Elisa, Gareth and Will would be tormenting each other every day. It would be their unique way of showing their love. Both had a prominent family background, attractive faces and were well-versed in many areas. They were the match made in heaven. 
As for Elisa, despite having a wide range of skills and being incredibly talented, her power and wealth were far beneath Gareth and Will. She was incompatible with any of them and would hold them back from achieving more success. 
When Vincent saw these comments, he laughed hysterically. He even imagined the wedding of Gareth and Will, but he wasn't sure who was the bride and groom. 
There were heated arguments on Twitter about this topic as well. 
Some argued that Gareth was manlier, so he was suitable to be the groom, while others disagreed. Their fans constantly argued on Twitter, hoping their idol would be considered the groom. 
Gareth furrowed his brows. "When did this happen?" 
Vincent cackled with laughter when he imagined his friend being paired romantically with Will. "I was afraid you would explode, so I didn't tell you." 
The corners of Jeremy's lip started to twitch. "It's been quite a long time, and the interest in the topic has never faded. It never trended, but many people were discussing it." 
Gareth's pupils flared red, and he immediately took out his phone to text Thomas. 
He didn't want the rumors to spread any longer. 
Vincent sneered, "You can't even handle this? Will Darcey didn't remove the posts, and here, you're already admitting defeat by acting rashly. Although you can't be together, you have to show who's the boss! Let your supporters help you handle the argument. You'll surely defeat him!" 
A vein popped up on Gareth's neck as he stared daggers into Vincent's direction and said, "How do you want to end your life?" 
"F*ck! Don't threaten me like that. Are you really that heartless? I'm confident that I mean much more to you compared to Will. Am I right?" 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
Jeremy couldn't help but laugh at the situation, but he knew that Gareth would be furious if they continued to tease him. Hence, he immediately changed the topic. "That's enough. What's the point of arguing over such trivial matters? You're leaving tomorrow. Have you prepared everything? Do you need our help?" 
Vincent finally kept his composure and said, "That's right. If you need anything, let us know right away. I won't risk my life for you, but I'll try to help you." 
Gareth and Jeremy became speechless. 
They were used to Vincent's mischievousness. Gareth calmly replied, "I'm good for now."
###chapter1300
Chapter 1300
CHAPTER 1300 STRANGE FEELING 
"Alright, let us know if you need us. Why don't I follow you as I'm free this week?" Jeremy glanced at Gareth. 
Vincent raised his hands as soon as he heard Jeremy. "You can go! It would be perfect if you joined! I'm busy pursuing my Rachel." 
"Your Rachel?" Jeremy looked at him suspiciously. "Didn't you say she's a tomboy? Why do you call her so sweetly without hesitating?" 
"F*ck! I'm the only one who can call her a tomboy. You're not allowed to say so!" 
Jeremy sneered at his reply. "You're such a loser." 
Gareth furrowed his brows and stared at them, an undiscernible expression plastered on his face. In the end, he didn't say a word and looked away. 
He didn't share his feelings, but the strange feeling that emerged from within wouldn't disappear. 
"Come on. Let's cheer for your victory." Jeremy said as he raised his glass at the both of them. 
Gareth stared at his wine glass filled with water and frowned with dread. 
Jeremy grinned at his unfiltered response. "It's not too late to toast when you recover. You've been taking care of your stomach lately. Don't think of drinking!" 
Gareth didn't say a word as he raised his glass. 
Vincent smirked and clinked his glass with Gareth. "Success to everyone!" 
At the end of the toast, Vincent drank everything in one go and slyly smiled at Gareth. "I hope you'll get what you want and earn the heart of the person you love when you're back." 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
The thing he wanted could be acquired from the auction, but Elisa's attitude towards him... 
Gareth put down his glass and looked frustrated, but he said nothing more. 
"Anyways, how is Elisa treating you? Is there a possibility of getting back together?" 
Gareth pursed his lips. "Could we not talk about this?" 
Vincent sneered at his comment. "What's there to be afraid of? Look at me. Aren't you in a better state than me? You see her every day, and you're even living with her. I haven't met Rachel in such a long time!" Vincent poured another glass of wine for himself and finished it with a few sips. 
Seeing how he continued to pour more wine for himself, Jeremy pushed a plate of food towards him and advised him calmly, "Eat something. It's not good for you to drink on an empty stomach." 
Surprisingly, Vincent listened to his advise. He lifted his fork and ate unwillingly. 
The three men were sitting together, but their minds were filled with worries. Despite the pleasant occasion, they couldn't help but feel disheartened. After a short moment, Gareth thought of something and shifted his gaze to look at Jeremy. 
"What about you and that lady?" 
Jeremy suddenly froze. He calmly replied, "She came to the city to find her brother. She thought I was her brother when she met me, claiming I looked exactly like him." 
"Hahaha... Could it be that the lady fell for you and wanted to get close to you by using this method?" 
Jeremy answered indifferently, "I checked. She does have a brother. And indeed, I look similar to him from the pictures." 
Vincent raised his eyebrows. "So what happened? Is she in your house waiting for you to follow her home?" 
Jeremy looked calm. "That's not the case. She needs time to accept reality." 
It seemed the lady was already aware of Jeremy's background and lost hope.
###chapter1301
Chapter 1301
CHAPTER 1301 IT’S SO UNFAIR! 
"Tsk!" Vincent didn't say anything. His thoughts kept circling back to Rachel. Finally, after hesitating, he took out his phone to send a message. 
'You little brat! You're mine now! How long do you want to hide from me? Don't tell me you're feeling shy.' 
He put down his phone frustratedly after sending the message. His frustrations had built up over time and erupted because his previous texts had all been ignored, as if he was sending them to the deep void. He hadn't gotten even a simple acknowledgment that his text had been read. 
Vincent felt helpless. 
However! 
His phone buzzed soon after he put it down. Vincent's face lit up, and he immediately checked his phone. He earnestly prayed that his wishes would come true this time. That was when he saw that Rachel had replied to him. 
His eyes lit up with child-like glee. He was overwhelmed when he said, "Sh*t! She finally replied to me." 
He read the text on his phone. 'You're so shameless! Do I belong to you? Please be careful of what you say, and don't bother me anymore!' 
Vincent suddenly cheered with excitement. "F*uck! My darling replied to me! I don't even care that
she's scolding me; I'm just so happy!" 
Gareth looked confused at his friend's sudden outburst. 
Jeremy was speechless and didn't know how to respond. Soon after, he looked at Vincent and said, "Are you in such a shameless state already?" 
"What do you mean a shameless state? You'll know how I feel when you like someone!" Vincent grunted coldly at him. "You guys may pretend not to understand it now, but I know how you really feel!" 
It was evident that his last sentence was targeted towards Gareth. 
Gareth gritted his teeth, and his eyebrows snapped together. 
He had no intention of hiding his emotions. 
Vincent laughed when he saw Gareth's raw emotions that were displayed as plain as day. 
Gareth sneered at him, saying, "Even the dogs would feel ashamed of you." 
"F*ck!" Vincent barked. He then replied with a forceful grin, "Don't allow me to ever say the same thing back to you. I'm looking forward to that day, Mr. Wickam. I hope you'll never discover that you've already fallen for Elisa. This is the only way to save you from the embarrassment that'll follow." 
Seeing how Gareth didn't respond, Vincent continued, "When that time comes, we'll see who's more shameless! I still have a chance of winning her over as she hasn't been hurt by me the way you've hurt Elisa. Eventually, you'll see how much more effort you must put in to get her back. Don't come to me
crying and begging at my feet for help later! " 
Jeremy chuckled and didn't say anything. He was used to his friends' bickering. 
Gareth just glared stonily at him without saying a word further. 
Vincent felt euphoric as he started bouncing in his seat. He was already texting Rachel back, and at the same time, he smiled as he looked at Gareth and said, "I'm going to send a message to my darling. I bet that you won't even be able to muster one since Elisa doesn't even bother to look at you! There's no point meeting each other frequently when there is no single interaction between the both of you." 
Vincent succeeded in provoking Gareth. Through gritted teeth, he laughed forcefully, saying, "You think Rachel wants to interact with you? You don't even have the chance to see her." 
"F*ck!" Vincent's surge of happiness took a turn for the worst as the realization dawned on him. He was right! 
What the h*ll? It's so unfair! 
Vincent didn't continue to insult Gareth as he felt like he was at a disadvantage.
###chapter1302
Chapter 1302
CHAPTER 1302 YOU MIGHT ACCIDENTALLY REVEAL YOUR IDENTITY 
They left after bickering the whole night. 
Elisa had already informed the people around her that she would be leaving with Gareth. 
They packed everything they needed before leaving. They planned to leave by daylight. 
In the dead of night, a man and woman were sitting opposite each other. He was handsome and muscular and looked similar to the people in Zovain. 
He held a wine glass filled with half a glass of red wine. He swirled the glass in his hands, the red wine making spirals within. 
He had prominent facial features that would charm many ladies. His body proportions were well distributed. If he were in Zovain, he would be on the same level as Gareth and Will in their power, skills, and physical attractiveness. 
The lady opposite him looked enchanting from head to toe. She wore a high ponytail, and her face was painted with makeup that strongly accentuated her features. 
She laid her eyes on the man and grinned. "I heard that Gareth would be coming and is determined to obtain your desired item. How do you feel about that?" 
The man continued twirling his glass with a calm gaze. "He can come if he wants to. What can I do about it?" 
"Then what do you plan on doing?" The lady looked at him, curious to know what he was thinking. Seeing how he ignored her, she furrowed her brows and continued probing, "Eden, why can't you tell me your plans so I wouldn't have to be so worried?" 
"I didn't know our dignified princess had such a temper. It's quite surprising." The corner of Eden's lips lifted slightly, and his deep, profound eyes glowed with a glint. 
Irene's lips turned to a pout. "Are you going to tell me?" 
He smirked and replied indifferently, "You can't meddle with this matter, so I suggest you wait and see what happens. I wouldn't know what the outcome is." 
"What? Does this mean that you're not confident?" Irene looked at him in disbelief. "Don't tell me you're afraid of Gareth." 
"So what if that's the truth?" Eden took a sip of his red wine and placed the glass down. After crossing his long legs, he answered indifferently, "There's no point taunting me with such comments. You should know my temper after working together for so long. Don't ask what you shouldn't ask." 
Although he chuckled when he said his last sentence, he was evidently upset. 
"You..." Irene was frustrated, but she couldn't refute him. She had to keep her thoughts to herself even though she was confused. 
She had no choice but to tolerate him. 
After a while, Irene breathed deeply before replying, "I don't want to interfere with your work, but I have to tell you one thing. You have to be careful of Gareth. He's not an easy target, so don't underestimate him." 
The man narrowed his eyes. "I am well aware of this. Don't worry." 
Eden stopped talking after that. 
Irene lost interest as he wasn't willing to share anything with her. She got up to leave when he glanced at her and said, "Don't cause any trouble. You might accidentally reveal your identity."
###chapter1303
Chapter 1303 Target
Irene frowned at his remarks and turned towards him. "Are you embarrassed with me, or are you insulting me?"
"I'm giving you a kind reminder." Uninterested in continuing the conversation, he got up and left. "I have other things to do. Be careful."
A grim expression clouded Irene's face, but she couldn't do anything as he left.
She could never go against him. But her eyes were heftily violent when she thought of Gareth and Elisa coming over. She would've had many inconveniences in Zovain but here... Her gaze became more intense.
Zovain.
The sun was shining brightly. Elisa and Gareth got up to have their breakfast before leaving.
They were already on the plane.
Elisa sat on the inner seat and rested.
As always, Gareth was looking through some documents.
Both of them work in a company.
But Gareth had a lot more workload to sift through.
The plane descended slightly. Elisa opened her eyes as she felt uncomfortable and saw Gareth looking through his documents attentively.
Elisa shifted her gaze away and adjusted her body as it was tiring to lean back.
Gareth looked at her and uttered, "Are you tired?"
"I'm fine." Elisa didn't want to engage in the conversation any longer. She had felt uncomfortable living under the same roof as him for the last few days. But she had no choice.
During that period, they had trended on Twitter twice, and there were even pictures of them returning home together. There were rumors on the Internet claiming that they were going to remarry. Gareth secretly felt content with the rumors.
On the contrary, Elisa's feelings grew increasingly numb after reading countless posts about herself.
She was unaffected by it.
As for Nicole...
She was devastated when she saw the rumor. However, Linda wasn't taking any action, nor was the person commanding her taking any action. It made her frustrated. Nicole scrolled through her phone to check the news at home.
She let out a big sigh when she didn't find anything.
The time and date of the banquet were initially fixed, but there was a sudden change in plans. Hence, the banquet would be held the month after.
She wasn't sure what their plans were. Linda wanted to use her to go against Elisa but couldn't take any action in this situation. Linda could only observe from afar.
It was clear that Elisa had many enemies eager to bring her down. She couldn't be too hasty with her actions.
Suddenly, her phone rang.
Nicole accepted the call.
"Hello."
"Ms. Tabor, you've not been cooperating with me recently." Linda continued to use her altered voice. Her tone was filled with discontent.
Nicole was calm. "I just don't want to be used by you anymore."
Linda was rendered speechless.
Linda's face contorted with a twisted madness, but she replied soon after, "You can't say this. We're both benefiting from it."
###chapter1304
Chapter 1304 They're Having a Vacation There?
"If it's a deal that benefits the both of us, then stop keeping things from me. Stop making me act on your behalf without feeding me any information. You didn't even say a word to me about delaying your banquet. How am I supposed to trust you at this point?" Seeing how brazen Linda was acting, Nicole didn't hold back her thoughts.
"Aren't I telling you now?" Linda's exasperation layered her words, but Nicole wasn't just an ordinary person that Linda could step over. She was much more powerful than her, so Linda had no choice but to speak patiently with her.
Linda was frustrated when she didn't hear any response from Nicole. "You're well aware that I have no say in this matter. Revealing this to you is already a big risk I took. I hope you can understand me."
Nicole's gaze was exceptionally calm. Linda's coaxing didn't convince her, and she still couldn't trust her. She waited for Linda to continue her explanation without saying a word.
Linda kept a straight face, and she tried to reign in her anger. She continued, "I know you're upset, but I hope you stay calm. We're heading towards the same goal. I want Elisa gone, and you want to be with Gareth, which means you need her gone. We make a great team."
"Tell me directly what you want me to do this time." Nicole was uninterested in her explanation. She didn't want to waste any more time. They were not fools; the only reason they became partners was solely because of their common enemy. Therefore, they had no reason to keep this conversation going for too long.
Linda clenched her teeth. "Fine! I'm sick of explaining to you too! Let's get to the point."
She breathed deeply before coldly speaking, "I delayed the banquet because Elisa and Gareth won't be around for a while. The person commanding me said it would be more beneficial for us if we have it after they return."
"What did you say?" Nicole furrowed her brows as she mulled over the newfound revelation.
"Didn't you know that Gareth and Elisa already left?" Linda sounded confused.
Nicole's face stiffened. She thought of the contract that fell through with Gareth two days ago.
She never expected that she would be rejected. Gareth explained he couldn't collaborate with her as he had other plans.
She initially thought it had to do with Elisa, but it turned out that he indeed had something up.
They left?
Why didn't she know where he went?
Nicole stayed silent as she waited for Linda to explain further.
In disbelief, Linda said, "Are you sure you like Gareth? Didn't you try to find out about his recent activities? Moranta is having a large-scale auction. You know about this, don't you?"
Nicole was startled. She knew about the auction, but she never expected Gareth to attend. He didn't participate in the last auction.
"What are their plans?"
Linda sneered with her dainty voice. "I heard he wants to obtain the final item at the auction. However, that is not the point. All we need to know is that he took Elisa with him. Doesn't this mean that they're having a vacation there?"
###chapter1305
Chapter 1305 Wait and See What Happens
Nicole didn't respond.
She didn't want to say anything.
Linda tilted her head backward, a scornful appearance painting her features. She knew that Nicole couldn't handle it.
She raised an eyebrow and continued muttering with an underlying contempt, "The matter this time isn't that simple. The person commanding me decided to delay the banquet because they were attending the auction. You have to follow them."
Nicole calmly replied, "So what you're saying is you want me to join the auction?"
"It's normal for the Tabor family to attend the auction, right? Furthermore, it seems like it's not a simple auction this time."
Nicole wasn't bothered to answer her. Instead, she continued asking, "What do you want me to do there?"
Linda smirked. "You don't have to do anything. All you have to do is pretend you're interested in the auction while you sneak about."
Nicole was confused.
"You still have to bid at the auction as you can't stay there without contributing. You can conceal your identity, but it doesn't matter even if your identity is revealed."
"What do I do next?"
"Next, you can participate in the auction as usual. I don't have to teach you what to do after. Aren't you planning to see how their relationship is?" "You want me to spy on them? What's the point of having me there?"
"Of course, it's to make their plan fall apart! Don't let them obtain the item they want."
"This is the mission you have for me?"
"No, this is not a mission. It's a partnership to achieve our goals. It's inconvenient for me to appear at these functions with my current identity. Once I'm officially part of the elites, I can join you for more events."
Nicole sneered at her comment without saying anything.
Linda furrowed her brows as she snapped, "Why did you laugh? Do you not believe in what I say?"
Nicole calmly replied, "I don't recall our relationship being one based on trust."
"You..." Linda grew increasingly annoyed with Nicole's brazen attitude. She then chuckled, saying, "It doesn't matter. I won't force you if you're not willing to go. However, I won't be considering your viewpoint from then on. I might destroy both Gareth and Elisa."
Nicole's face turned solemn. "You have no grudge against Gareth."
"No grudge?" Linda smiled as she continued, "The hatred I feel towards him will only get bigger if you're unwilling to cooperate with me. Don't you know he was the one who hurt me?"
Nicole clenched her jaws. "You were lying to me all this time. You only wanted to use me to get rid of Elisa so you could take revenge on Gareth." "No, don't get me wrong. I'm willing to compromise for my partner. My biggest enemy has always been Elisa Benett. But if you don't cooperate with me, I don't need to consider your needs, and Gareth's safety wouldn't be considered within the plan. Do you understand?" Linda spouted, her voice cool and composed. She held her phone in her left hand and played with her nails with the other. At the same time, she was shaking her legs, seemingly thrilled to have successfully threatened Nicole.
Nicole sneered at her. "You're good at playing games, but Gareth won't let you do as you wish."
Linda narrowed her eyes, "Then we'll wait and see what happens."
###chapter1306
Chapter 1306 Why Did You Call Me Again?
Linda's words seemed provocative.
Even though Linda said that taunting her wouldn't work, it wasn't entirely true. She appeared as if she wasn't bothered, but anxiety continued seeping within her.
After all...
It was the truth that Nicole liked Gareth. Her desire and affection would make things difficult to control.
Therefore...
She accepted that Nicole's feelings were a variable that could be detrimental to her plots. There was nothing else she could do.
Nicole furrowed her brows. After a while, she calmly said, "Is there anything else?"
"You have to give me a definite answer. Are you going or not?" Linda's voice seemed at ease. It was evident that she felt confident.
It was as if Nicole's answer would be as she expected.
However, she still had to be considerate of Nicole's feelings, so she continued to explain, "This matter is important. If you're not going, I'll have to inform the person commanding me so that she can find other ways. My boss would be willing to respect your wishes if you cooperate with us."
"After all, the Tabor family can't easily be looked down upon, and she's willing to partner up with you. However, if you're unwilling to cooperate, she must find an alternative. We can't have a satisfactory outcome without you on the team."
Nicole furrowed her brows without saying a word as she contemplated the desired outcome.
Linda sighed helplessly, "Besides, I'm not even sure if my boss is a male or a female. They might not care if Gareth lives or dies. I'm just a messenger and have no say in this."
She felt like she had lowered her ego to explain everything to her and had shown sufficient sincerity.
Nicole's forehead creased as she mulled over Linda's words. There was a pause before she finally said, "Give me one day to think about it."
There was still another five days before the auction.
Linda wasn't affected by her decision and said, "Alright. You think it over for the day. I'll give you a call at the same time tomorrow."
Nicole immediately put down the phone without a word.
Linda looked annoyed as she stared at her phone. This girl has no manners at all!
She kept her composure throughout the call, but Nicole couldn't even act like she cared until the end. Was it hard to greet her before putting down the phone?
She no longer even had the tiniest chance of getting Gareth back; there was no way Nicole even measured up to her chances. Even if Elisa died, she wouldn't let Nicole get what she wanted.
She was only her pawn right now! Even the person who had been commanding her!
Linda breathed deeply before putting her phone down.
However, her phone rang before she had enough time to calm her emotions. Seeing that it was her father, she frowned and answered the call after hesitating.
"Dad, why did you call me again?"
"You little girl, I have no choice! The rumors about me are trending again!"
Linda felt confused.
Her face stiffened, and she asked confusedly, "What are you saying? Hasn't the attention passed? Why did it trend again?"
Seth sounded frantic as he replied, "I'm not sure. You'll know when you see it."
###chapter1307

Chapter 1307 Good as Dead!
Linda's face darkened. She had to check Twitter, which had been very frustrating for her recently.
"Dad, are you having an affair?"
The photos were different from the previous photos. The mole on Seth's face was visible, comparably different from the previous photos that circulated online.
Even the mole on his neck was visible. These moles were new!
How can it be?What happened?Ifit is photoshopped, why did it have to be so detailed?
She had unexpectedly said everything aloud as she frantically thought about it.
Seth looked surprised. "You little girl, what do you think of me? I've been so loyal to you and your mother all of these years. Why would
I find a mistress?"
"How else can I help you? I had to beg them shamelessly to resolve the problem last time, and now this happens!" Linda was furious. Her voice was still altered with the dainty voice machine. She had to take precautions so she could have a chance to deny it if someone recorded her call.
"I'm sure it's their trap! I'm very certain about it. They were unhappy that the problem was solved and the company did not hold me accountable. If this continues, the Benett Corporation wouldn't want anything to do with us anymore."
Linda looked displeased. She only put a front as an elite and had no status in the Godfrey family. Linda had to find a way out; her father's Benett Corporation was the only support they had. She won't let her father get kicked out of his company like this.
Linda felt worse as she thought about it.
She breathed deeply and couldn't help but yell, "It's so frustrating! I had to beg shamelessly for you the last time this happened. I had already received the final warning then. Do you know how this will affect me? I'm already useless to them. They've tolerated me because I said I knew of Elisa's secret, but I could only reveal minimal information whenever they asked. I would be as good as dead if they suspect me."
Seth sighed helplessly and said with tears welled up, "Dad knows that you're in a difficult position, but I can only depend on you right now."
He had no choice because his youngest daughter cried heartbreakingly, wanting to see him. Rumors about their relationship were already trending on Twitter, but he went to see her as he pitied his daughter. Moreover, he planned to ask the woman about her response to the reporters the other day.
However, she would feel wronged if he blamed her for the news. She had always told him that she wanted to protect him. He believed in her and knew he couldn't be too harsh on them.
###chapter1308

Chapter 1308 Are You Slacking Off Again?
He didn't expect that their pictures would be taken after meeting up once.
He checked the images, and it was indeed pictures that were set up by someone else.
"I'll think of something, but you need to be careful. My situation isn't the same anymore!" She wanted to make him reveal the truth behind the photos.
Seth understood his daughter. He innocently said, "My darling daughter, I've been cautious these days. The rumors are not true. Don't believe anything they say about me on Twitter. It's Elisa's petty trick to target me."
Linda breathed deeply and tried to keep her composure. Even if it was a petty trick, it's working quite well.
"Let's hang up now. I'll try to find a way."
"I'm so lucky to have you as my daughter. You're my biggest pride. Sorry for causing you more trouble."
Norman then sighed deeply.
"I understand. We'll talk next time."
"Okay."
Linda put down the phone without saying anything after. She thought Nicole was her biggest headache, but she didn't expect her father to be one too.
Linda put down her phone angrily. Why are there so many problems?
She suddenly felt regretful. If only she had treated Elisa's father genuinely in the past, then they would've been much happier now. Maybe she would've been cared for by Nelson.
Linda felt even more frustrated at that thought. It's all too late now. She couldn't do anything to change it.
Elisa and Gareth finally arrived at their destination after traveling for a whole day.
Gareth had planned out everything. Someone would be picking them up from the airport when they landed. After dinner, they would head back to the hotel.
As always, Gareth booked a suite forthem.
Elisa would've opposed it in the past as she didn't want to be in the same room as Gareth.
Since Gareth had been living in her house the past few days, she was used to his rudeness. She gave up arguing with him as it would only waste her time.
Soon after, they entered the hotel room. Elisa glanced at Gareth. "Do we have any plans after?"
"No. You can take a rest."
Elisa nodded without saying a word and went into her room.
She felt exhausted after being on the plane all day.
However, her phone kept buzzing after she came out of the shower. It was already past eleven in Moranta.
But it was daytime in Zovain.
Seeing the caller's name, the corners of Elisa's eyes lifted as she answered the call. "Why did you call me at this time? Aren't you at work?"
"I saw the recent trends on Twitter. Are you planning to wreck them?"
"Yes. It's time."
Rachel was thrilled as she replied, "Were you lenient on them previously?"
"I had to trick them into thinking that everything could be over easily so Norman would give himself away and Linda wouldn't be able to accept her father's betrayal."
"Damn! That's right! Not only do they need to lose everything they had, but they should also suffer emotionally."
Elisa laughed and joked, "Are you slacking off again?"
###chapter1309
Chapter 1309 Bastard
Rachel sounded annoyed. "Slacking off! No way! I'm so hardworking. Why would I slack off?"
"No way I would slack off!" Rachel emphasized her sentence.
Elisa chuckled at her response. "Of course, you wouldn't slack off. You’ll only find ways to laze around."
"Go! It must've been tiring to fly all day. Have you rested?"
"Almost. I just dried my hair." Elisa walked towards the bed as she talked on the phone. However, she heard a knock on her door before she could sit.
She stared at the door and told Rachel, "I'll call you back later."
"Okay."
Elisa ended the call and opened the door.
She saw Gareth holding onto a file at the door. The file looked like it was empty. She then quietly waited for Gareth to speak.
Gareth passed the file to her and calmly said, "These are the organizer's details. You can take a look at them."
Elisa took the file from him and nodded. "Alright."
Naturally, they had to learn about them, but she had done her research in advance. Gareth must have something that cannot be easily found.
Gareth didn't say a word as he turned around and left. Elisa closed her doors and took out the A4 paper from the file. There were a few pages. As she looked through it, she called Rachel back.
If it were anyone else, they would think she wasn't focused and couldn't finish her work properly. However, Elisa was different. She could multitask efficiently.
Rachel accepted the call and asked, "What's up?"
"Gareth sent me a document for me to read through."
"Oh, it might not be safe where you are. You have to be extra careful. By the way, the contents that trended on Twitter have been deleted." Elisa calmly replied, "I expected it. Don't bother. The show is still going on."
"The show? What else is he up to?" Rachel took a bite of the apple she held and exclaimed, "This apple tastes so good. It's crunchy and sweet." Elisa laughed and continued, "We'll let Norman struggle alone. Now that we know Linda's identity, it makes our work much easier. However, I want to find out the puppet master behind Linda. Also, I can't wrap my head around why they've been using Linda all this time."
"I don't get it either. Linda has nothing now, but they want to give her a new identity. I'm sure they have other subordinates. Why not find another person to help them if they had such power? Linda isn't someone obedient either."
"It could be their only choice." Elisa couldn't understand the reason. She continued, "We'll see what happens. I need her around for now. As for Norman, I'll get rid of him when I'm back."
"Everything will be fine as long as you have a plan. I was worried about the post being deleted on Twitter and that your progress would be affected. But you've always been thorough in your plans. I was needlessly worried. Haha..." Rachel took another bite at her apple as she sat on the sofa, shaking her legs. Suddenly, she received a call. She was extremely annoyed when she saw the number. "Don't tell me it's that bastard again!"
"What?"
Feeling frustrated, Rachel replied, "I blocked Vincent, but he has an unlimited amount of numbers. He's so annoying!"
###chapter1310

Chapter 1310 When Will He Stop?
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She knew what had happened the last time but didn't know how to respond.
It was up to Rachel to decide on her own.
She was not very familiar with Vincent. Without a better understanding of what was happening, she couldn't give any advice on whether they should be together, or if she should recommend Rachel to continue ignoring him in the foreseeable future.
"Are you going to accept the call?"
Rachel sneered, "Of course not. I don't feel like talking to him, and I don't want to have anything to do with him. He's so clingy. If I didn't know that he was eyeing what my godmother gave me, I would've thought he was serious about it."
Elisa's eyes froze, and she didn't reply. She didn't have the whole context to understand what his motives were.
"F*ck! He called again! It's so annoying! When will he stop?"
"Have you been ignoring and avoiding him?" Elisa had her handphone on speaker, but the volume was soft. Hence, others from outside could not hear a word.
"I've told him clearly before. I won't interact with him, nor would we ever be in a relationship. Let alone consider getting a hand on what my godmother left for me."
"What happened after?"
"After that, he wouldn't leave me alone." Rachel felt frustrated as she said, "I'm so annoyed by him! No matter what I say, he won't get angry. At the very least, he had some dignity in the past, but now, he would compliment me and agree with everything I've said. How crazy is that?"
Elisa stayed quiet.
"He only knows how to cling onto me and bug me to be with him. He tells me he likes me every day and is truly in love. There's no point blocking him. He still texts me every day. I can't even report him! I'm going to die from the frustration!"
From the tone of her voice, it was apparent that Rachel had been feeling deeply annoyed by his actions.
Elisa put on a face mask and couldn't help but chuckle, "What can you do about it? Why not accept it then?"
"F*ck! Why would I wanna be with him? I wouldn't be with him even if we slept together. I could find someone a thousand times better than him. He would be eyeing my possession all day if we were together."
Rachel couldn't help but insult him. She sounded upset at even considering the possibility.
Elisa chuckled without saying a word. They went on conversing in such a manner, but within five minutes, Rachel suddenly said, "My boss is coming to inspect us. I'll be leaving first."
"Alright, I'll go to bed soon after organizing my stuff."
"You should. You must've been exhausted. I'll hang up now."
Rachel hung up right away.
Elisa stared at her phone. It was time to take off her mask. After her skincare routine, she went to lay on the bed.
The sky was turning darker.
Gareth was also lying down on the bed in the main room. He was still wide awake, holding onto his phone. Even though he had been staying in Elisa's house for the past few days, they were on different floors. But this time, their rooms were very close to each other.
Gareth looked at his phone, but there was nothing to see. As he was feeling bored, he put his phone down.
Once again, they had no interaction that night. Elisa finally dozed off after lying down for a while.
But Gareth couldn't fall asleep that night.
He didn't understand why.
The next day.
They went for breakfast together after packing. Everything was going smoothly.
###chapter1311

Chapter 1311 How Do You Want to Gamble?
To ease his stomach from further problems, Elisa had been the one to decide what they ate.
Gareth's stomach had been taken care of attentively by Elisa.
After breakfast, Elisa gazed at Gareth. "What are we doing today?"
"We'll be going around," Gareth answered calmly.
Elisa didn't say anything, seemingly agreeing to his plans.
It wasn't as simple as he seemed to insinuate. If they were going around, it must have meant that he had faced a problem or there was something he needed to inquire about immediately.
They left after packing their things.
Elisa and Gareth sat behind as Thomas drove.
They didn't exchange a single word in the car. The only sound that filled the space between them was the purr of the engine as they continued to make their way.
Thomas only stopped the car when they arrived at their destination. He said to them softly, "We're here."
She followed Gareth out of the vehicle.
Looking at the surroundings, they were far from the city center. Although it was a remote area, it wasn't deserted at all.
They arrived on the doorsteps of a giant casino. Many people enjoyed gambling here, especially the incredibly wealthy.
The name of the casino was also strikingly arrogant. Their country didn't set many rules for the gambling industry, so it didn't matter.
The golden sign looked magnificent, and the words on the sign meant 'The Greatest Casino.'
There was a row of golden lettering below the name.
'If you do not have the guts, do not enter or you might leave shamelessly without your underwear.'
It was an apparent provocation meant to induce people who would fall prey to having their determination questioned.
Gareth glanced towards Elisa. "Let's go in."
Elisa's eyes trembled slightly and silently followed behind him.
This casino was the largest in the whole country. Besides, Elisa remembered everything written in the document Gareth had given her last night. The casino was owned privately by the chief of the upcoming auction.
What's the reason Gareth is here?
Suddenly, Gareth looked at Elisa. "Do you know how to gamble?"
Elisa stared back at him. "How do you want to gamble?"
Gareth answered indifferently, "Until we become the public enemy."
Elisa's eyes froze in spot. Soon after, she answered him, "Sure."
Gareth eyes lingered on her with a strange glint, but he immediately kept his composure. He was surprised at her answer, but the person before him was Elisa. It was within expectations for her to know how to gamble.
At that moment, he felt Elisa wasn't a simple lady. Instead, she could potentially be the only one who would remain by his side till the very end. The current Elisa wasn't who she was in the past. He couldn't treat her the same way he did before.
They strutted into the casino together. The place was tens of thousands of square meters with golden decorations everywhere. The noise was deafening, and around ten to twenty people surrounded each rectangular table. They couldn't tell how many tables were there, nor could they estimate how many people were inside.
Everyone only had their faces plastered to the cards and dice before them. Some of them were hitting their thighs excitedly, while others bore gloomy faces, evidence of their losing streak.
They couldn't tell what anyone was saying as too many people were inside. At times, they would hear a commotion happening somewhere in the casino.
Thomas followed behind Gareth and Elisa. After walking for about ten minutes, they finally stopped when they reached the middle section of the casino.
The table in the middle section wasn't as noisy as other areas in the casino.
###chapter1312

Chapter 1312 We'll Show Mercy to Our Little Sister
There weren't many people in the middle section. One table had the capacity to hold ten people, but only three sat there.
It was a rectangular table, and the man at the center seat had a cigar in his mouth and five cards in his hands. He also had one leg on the stool, looking exceptionally arrogant.
Gareth walked over and asked calmly, "Can we join in?"
They were looking attentively at their cards.
As soon as they heard Gareth's voice, they immediately lifted their heads to look at him.
The man wore a suit with leather shoes. His expensive taste and sharp facial features gave others the impression that he was someone worthy of respect. When they saw the gorgeous lady behind him, everyone there was captivated. Two of them even exchanged glances. Their leader immediately replied, "Sure, there are only three of us here. Are all three of you joining?"
Gareth didn't respond. He sat down two seats away from the man on the longer end of the table.
Elisa chose the seat opposite Gareth.
Thomas didn't take a seat. Instead, he decided to go elsewhere, as if to witness the frenzy in the casino.
Elisa was the only lady at the table, and an exceptionally gorgeous one at that. Hence, the men would occasionally stare at her.
The man at the center seat smiled at Elisa, saying, "We'll give you a special advantage as you're the only lady at this table. We can start distributing the cards from your end."
Gareth's expression turned solemn.
Elisa smirked. "If you'll let me have the cards first, why not let me win every time? I would gladly accept your offer."
The dealer had already started distributing the cards, starting with Elisa.
"We'll show mercy to our little sister." The man finished smoking his cigar and held onto his cards.
It was a game that depended on one's strategic thinking. Everyone would get five cards each and had to reveal their cards one by one. Whoever held the card with the larger amount would win. There were only one to two winners in each round. Bets are placed before showing each card.
Within a short time, Thomas had already gotten them their chips.
It worthed more than ten million.
The three people at the table were feeling excited. Naturally, they could tell that Gareth was from an affluent background. "Please."
The man at the center seat gestured for Gareth to start.
Gareth pursed his lips and immediately revealed his first card.
It was the number six!
The revelation of this number made the three people opposite him nervous. He was lucky to have a middle-range card as soon as he started.
Disregarding the cards in Elisa's hand, they had a thirty percent chance of winning.
"Henry, it's your turn to reveal your card."
The man in the center seat nodded to the person next to him, Henry.
Henry revealed the card numbered five. He lost to Gareth.
Hence, Henry's chips worth seven thousand were pushed to Gareth by the dealer.
Gareth looked calm.
He met eyes with the man in the center seat smoking his cigar. Soon after, his other subordinate revealed his card. He had the card A, which was equivalent to one.
The man's subordinate lost to Gareth again.
Only the man and Elisa hadn't shown their cards. Even though she had never gambled, she wasn't nervous at all. Instead, she felt confident in spite of her inexperience.
###chapter1313

Chapter 1313 It’s My Turn To Reveal My Cards First
Not to mention, she had never feared anything.
There'll always be a way to overcome any challenge.
"I know there's a saying that goes 'ladies first,' but if I reveal my cards first after both your people have been defeated, wouldn't it mean that you're feeling afraid?"
Elisa let out a deliberate chuckle. She had passed the chance to the man to reveal his cards before her.
The man laughed, "You can only win or lose in a gamble. You can ask anyone here if I have been afraid of anything before. There's no point in following the old saying now that both my subordinates have shown their cards. Why don't we reveal our cards simultaneously as I count to three?"
"It's a good suggestion." Elisa nodded as she smiled, agreeing with his suggestion.
The man started counting.
There was a sense of nervousness spreading around the table.
But the only ones nervous were the people on the man's side.
He had to keep his title as the god of gambling and win against Gareth in the first round.
When the cards were revealed, the man had six, while Elisa had eight.
Elisa won this round.
However, Elisa raised her brows and commented, "You mentioned that the rule is to bet every time a card was revealed to see who had the highest card. I had the highest card this round, but you had the same number as my friend. We should order each card based on their symbols, the highest being spades, followed by hearts, clubs, and diamonds."
"Since I won this round, I'll be the first to reveal my card, and we can go around in a clockwise direction. There's no need to be courteous at the gambling table by letting the ladies go first."
Elisa had clear pronunciation and logic.
The men couldn't help but stare at her in awe. Initially, they only thought of her as eye candy, but it turned out that they had underestimated her abilities.
"Since our little sister here has already voiced her thoughts, we'll have to follow." The man slyly smiled.
"She doesn't have a brother like you." Gareth frowned and insulted the man relentlessly. His eyes flickered with annoyance momentarily before they resumed their indifference.
On the contrary, Thomas looked pleased.
It would be wonderful if Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett could mend their relationship after this!
The man all picked up on Gareth's anger and possessiveness.
Men knew each other best.
But the man with the cigar also understood women.
After Gareth said that, Elisa looked calm and didn't react.
They looked like they had an unusual relationship but weren't as intimate as lovers.
"It's fine if she doesn't have a brother, but I would like to have a sister. Would our little sister here accept me as her brother?" The dealer smirked and shifted his gaze to Elisa.
He smoked his cigar as he waited for Elisa's reply.
Elisa knew that the people at Moranta were friendly and open-minded, but she wouldn't believe in the absurdity of forming a brother-sister relationship in the casino.
After all, she didn't need a brother.
However, she couldn't reject him blatantly in his territory.
"We're here to play a game and have fun. Big brother, why don't we talk about this later?"
Elisa chuckled and declined him politely.
They would go their separate ways after the gambling session, so they both knew she was indirectly declining his offer.
She also knew it was simple banter that went along with the flow of the conversation at the table. Hence, she wouldn't take it to heart. Besides, the man never meant it.
"It's my turn to reveal my cards first."
Without waiting for the man's response, Elisa had already changed the topic and revealed her second card.
###chapter1314
Chapter 1314 All Ten Had Problems
Five of diamonds.
It was a middle-range number again.
Elisa didn't say anything. She raised her hands, gesturing to the others to show their cards.
Instantly, they revealed their cards in a clockwise fashion.
The three people sitting on the opposite side of the table immediately revealed their cards without any delay.
Three, two.
Both Henry and the other subordinate of the dealer had lost to her. However, the man's eyes lit up, and he was secretly pleased when he flipped his card.
It was because he revealed the seven of the spades!
The man bet another thirty thousand without saying a word. He then nodded at Gareth.
Gareth ignored him and flipped his cards indifferently.
It was ten!
Gareth won the additional chips the man betted in this round. The man felt agitated. "It's us three against the two of you. We have unfavorable odds according to the distribution of cards."
"Bro, does this mean you don't want to pay up?"
Elisa's brows knotted in a tight-knit, and her face turned grim.
She never liked anyone who couldn't own up to their words. The casino set the rules, so she blatantly called them out. The game was set to compare who had the highest card, so they couldn't deny who won and lost that round.
"How can you say that, sis? Do you think I'm an unreasonable person?" The man chuckled softly and immediately pushed the forty thousand worth of chips to Gareth's position.
"How would you like it to be fairer?"
Gareth was expressionless as he spoke.
His dark, deep eyes were looking at the man disdainfully. He wasn't bothered by the man in front of him.
"Haven't I said before? The odds are unfair. Don't you have three people as well?" The man had wiped the smile off his face.
The man's intention was obvious. He wanted Thomas to join the game so that it would be three against three.
As Gareth was about to respond, Elisa interrupted him feeling upset, "Then who will be the one to distribute the cards? If you can't even admit defeat, then we can also suspect you for choosing someone on your side to deal the cards."
It was evident he was unhappy they had won two rounds in a row.
Hearing what Elisa said, Henry's face turned gloomy. He then moved forward to defend his boss, but the man immediately blocked him.
"What are you hinting at, little sis?"
"How con you soy thot, sis? Do you think I'm on unreosonoble person?" The mon chuckled softly ond immediotely pushed the forty thousond worth of chips to Goreth's position.
"How would you like it to be foirer?"
Goreth wos expressionless os he spoke.
His dork, deep eyes were looking ot the mon disdoinfully. He wasn't bothered by the mon in front of him.
"Hoven't I soid before? The odds ore unfoir. Don't you hove three people os well?" The mon hod wiped the smile off his foce.
The mon's intention wos obvious. He wonted Thomos to join the gome so thot it would be three ogoinst three.
As Goreth wos obout to respond, Eliso interrupted him feeling upset, "Then who will be the one to distribute the cords? If you con't even odmit defeot, then we con olso suspect you for choosing someone on your side to deol the cords."
It was evident he was unhoppy they hod won two rounds in o row.
Heoring whot Eliso soid, Henry's foce turned gloomy. He then moved forword to defend his boss, but the mon immediotely blocked him.
"Whot ore you hinting ot, little sis?"
"How can you say that, sis? Do you think I'm an unreasonable person?" The man chuckled softly and immediately pushed the forty thousand worth of chips to Gareth's position.
The man narrowed his eyes.
"Bro, my surname is Benett. You can call me Ms. Benett."
She felt uncomfortable to hear him call her 'sis'.
Elisa stated her stance, "I don't have other intentions. If you feel it's unfair, ask one of your subordinates to quit, or we could get someone else to join."
"If there's a conflict about who shuffles and deals the card, we can have the person who won the round do it."
It was the best solution.
She realized that one of the reasons the man was so concerned about winning was to protect his dignity. Also, he had been winning continuously in the casino but was then defeated twice upon Gareth's arrival. He blamed the number of gamblers as he was unhappy with the results.
Ultimately, out of ten casinos, all ten had problems!
"I'm impressed. We'll follow your suggestion. Does anyone want to gamble with us?"
He shouted towards the dance floor behind him and the gamblers in other sections.
His sudden remark made everyone on the dance floor freeze. They looked at him, and soon, a man and woman approached them. However, both of them were wearing masks.
###chapter1315

Chapter 1315 Apologize to Ms Benett!
"Since new people are joining, we'll have to change the rules..."
"Why do you keep spurting out such nonsense?"
As soon as Elisa spoke, Henry shifted his gaze to her. Contempt and condescension were written all over his face.
'Boom!'
Gareth lifted his leg and kicked Henry in his knees. Henry was caught off guard, and within a split second, he knelt on the ground. "You're merely a subordinate. Who gave you the right to speak up?"
Seeing how his subordinate got kicked to the ground in front of many people in the casino, the man felt humiliated.
"Bro, why do you have to act this way? Everyone in the casino is here to have fun. No one likes to beat around the bush."
Gareth didn't bat an eye as he quickly scoffed, "I must say the people beating around the bush are your people. Don't you know how to judge a person properly? What's the point of having someone like this by your side?"
Gareth coldly sneered at the man without holding back.
"Are you going to play?"
The masked man frowned in dismay as he witnessed the scene unfold.
"Of course, let's play."
The man immediately went along agreeably and smiled at him.
Who would reject money that's being presented at their doorstep?
Gareth demanded through his clenched jaw, "Before we continue, make your subordinate apologize to my people."
His eyes were filled with disdain. Moreover, his hostile attitude made him look like a devil from hell. He wasn't going to back down.
Elisa was speechless when she heard what he said.
They were a divorced pair with no other meaningful relationship beyond acquaintance. What did Gareth mean when he said she was one of his people?
However, she didn't respond. The guy from earlier, Henry, looked ready to tear her to pieces. Besides, Gareth wouldn't give her a straight answer even if she had asked.
"We'll leave if you won't apologize."
Just like Gareth, Elisa displayed a firm stance on the matter.
Leave?
They won seventy thousand from the previous two rounds. No one had left the casino with such a massive amount of winnings.
The man had no choice but to command his subordinate, "Henry, apologize to Ms. Benett!"
Although Henry was unwilling, he had to follow the orders given to him by his boss.
"Please forgive me, Ms. Benett."
Henry lowered his head and apologized sincerely.
Elisa wasn't someone who held on to grudges, so she replied with a smile, "Wouldn't I seem narrow-minded if I don't accept your apology? I only wanted to say that the rules should change with new members joining us."
Goreth demonded through his clenched jow, "Before we continue, moke your subordinote opologize to my people."
His eyes were filled with disdoin. Moreover, his hostile ottitude mode him look like o devil from hell. He wosn't going to bock down.
Eliso wos speechless when she heard whot he soid.
They were o divorced poir with no other meoningful relationship beyond ocquointonce. Whot did Goreth meon when he soid she wos one of his people?
However, she didn't respond. The guy from eorlier, Henry, looked reody to teor her to pieces. Besides, Goreth wouldn't give her o stroight onswer even if she hod osked.
"We'll leove if you won't opologize."
Just like Goreth, Eliso disployed o firm stonce on the motter.
Leove?
They won seventy thousond from the previous two rounds. No one hod left the cosino with such o mossive omount of winnings.
The mon hod no choice but to commond his subordinote, "Henry, opologize to Ms. Benett!"
Although Henry wos unwilling, he hod to follow the orders given to him by his boss.
"Pleose forgive me, Ms. Benett."
Henry lowered his head ond opologized sincerely.
Eliso wosn't someone who held on to grudges, so she replied with o smile, "Wouldn't I seem norrow-minded if I don't occept your opology? I only wonted to soy thot the rules should chonge with new members joining us."
Gareth demanded through his clenched jaw, "Before we continue, make your subordinate apologize to my people."
"We'll pick a card from the deck, and whoever with the highest card will distribute the cards."
Elisa knew what tricks they had up their sleeves, but there was no turning back for Gareth and her.
If they didn't win a few more rounds, how could they achieve the goal set by Gareth when they entered?
Everyone at the table glanced at each other without opposing her idea.
Hence, all eight of them quietly agreed and picked a card.
The man in the center seat had great luck; he got a ten. Even though he reclaimed his authority, he was still upset.
The number only determined who got to shuffle and distribute the cards and was not the determining factor in the results of the game.
It was the ten of spades. If the man had gotten this card in the previous round, wouldn't he have been able to get back at them?
Although he felt increasingly annoyed, he had to control his anger as he shuffled and distributed the cards for the upcoming round. In the meantime, he gave an order to Henry.
"Henry, get us some wine."
###chapter1316
Chapter 1316
CHAPTER 1316 LET ME GIVE A TOAST TO YOU! 
After giving out his order, he placed a bet of seventy thousand before revealing his cards. 
He was confident Gareth and Elisa wouldn't continuously enjoy such great luck. 
The card was revealed. 
He had the nine of spades. 
The man raised his bets by another seventy thousand. 
The rest of the people only had a ten percent chance of winning him. He didn't believe that anyone could get the number ten. 
He arrogantly said, "All of you should simultaneously reveal your cards to save time." 
"Aren't we going in clockwise direction? Why should we do it simultaneously? Could we play properly instead of changing the rules as you wish?" The masked man was upset when he heard what the dealer said. 
Before showing his cards, he bet one and a half million worth of chips. 
The people who were observing the game looked dumbfounded. 
This round's dealer had nine of spades, but the masked man immediately raised such a big bet. At this
point, isn't he willingly donating his money? 
It didn't matter as the masked man had plenty of money, but he couldn't tolerate the vulgarness of the dealer. 
His card was flipped. 
It was an eight. 
Later, the woman beside him revealed an A. 
It was the lowest number. 
The masked man wrapped his arms around her shoulder. "Darling, it's only a game. Anything that can be solved by money isn't worth worrying about. We can win the next round!" 
From what was observed, the man in the mask was filthy rich. 
The dealer this round imagined collecting the pile of chips in front of him as his number was four and a half times bigger than the number on his subordinate's card. 
Next, it was Gareth and Elisa's turn to reveal their cards. 
Gareth glanced at Elisa, and they both showed their cards together. 
Gareth had a five, but Elisa had the ten of spades! 
The dealer's chest tightened when he saw Elisa's card. He was sure the ten of spades wouldn't show up in the first round after his deliberate shuffling. 
How did this happen? 
When she saw his shocked and angered expression, she mockingly announced, "Bro, you were the one to shuffle and distribute the cards, and we have an equal number of people at the table. I believe this shouldn't be a problem, right?" 
Elisa was delighted as she received another four million. 
She felt like she understood the momentary joy compulsive gamblers experienced, having won massive amounts of money instantly. 
However, she continued to stay seated in a composed manner. 
Instead, she only betted half the amount from the previous round. 
"No problem. I'll admit my defeat." 
The accumulated chips were all pushed to Elisa, and the next round began with Elisa as the dealer. 
She started distributing from Gareth according to the clockwise direction. 
She then revealed the number eight. 
The man felt his chest tense when he saw the eight of hearts. 
The lady is brilliant. How can she get such a high number every round? 
He betted a million earlier. Wouldn't it show the audience that he was afraid if he gambled less than the previous round? 
Hence, he betted twice the amount. 
Gareth raised the amount to four times more than what the man had bet. 
The masked man looked excited and immediately betted ten times the amount. 
Due to the large amount of money at stake, the audience observed anxiously. Everyone was waiting in anticipation to know who would win the fifteen million. 
They revealed their cards in a clockwise fashion. The boss was luckier than the masked man as he had eight of diamonds while the masked man only had four of spades. Gareth, meanwhile, had the seven of spades. 
The man's subordinate and the masked lady both had the number six. 
"Ms. Elisa, you're extremely lucky today. Let me give a toast to you!"
###chapter1317
Chapter 1317
CHAPTER 1317 I ENVY THEM! 
Elisa suddenly pursed her lips. 
She wasn't afraid of drinking, but she didn't like the strong smell of the alcohol because… 
Gareth would rather meet with clients than face her at home in the past. She was reminded of her pathetic self that only ever waited for Gareth, who came home with the scent of alcohol all over him. 
When she was about to reject him politely, Gareth took the wine glass from the man. "She doesn't know how to drink. I'll drink on behalf of her." 
Elisa awkwardly smiled since Gareth had already explained it this way. 
The man wasn't satisfied but didn't want to force her with so many people around. 
If rumors went around about how the KKCD casino put a lady in a difficult position as he couldn't owe up to his defeat, he wouldn't be able to save his dignity. 
"Sure, you can drink on behalf of Ms. Benett. Cheers!" 
He then swallowed his drink in one gulp. 
Gareth didn't hesitate to do the same. 
However, the masked man crossed his arms on the table, looking amused. 
He followed them without hesitation when he knew that Gareth brought Elisa to the KKCD casino. He wanted to know what Gareth had up his sleeves. 
But he never imagined that Gareth would bring Elisa to gamble! 
He had been observing from the side before, and even when he joined in, he couldn't deny their collective luck. 
He had the same thought as the man in the center seat. They wanted to see when Gareth and Elisa's luck would run out. Hence, as soon as they finished the wine, he hurried them to continue the game, saying, "I'm busy. If you're still playing, then let's begin now." 
Elisa started to shuffle and distribute the cards. 
Elisa wasn't as lucky this round. 
Her card was the number three, and the other six people had six, five, eight, seven, three, and ace, respectively. 
The masked lady received the lowest number once again. After the masked man saw his card, he slowly lifted the corner of his lips and proudly exclaimed, "Ms. Benett, I have a higher card than you." 
Elisa didn't respond to him as she kept her composure. 
Both had the number three but with different symbols. What is there to be happy about? 
However, the man in the center seat was undeniably pleased as he got eight of spades. His subordinates and the masked man couldn't beat him. 
Only Gareth hadn't revealed his card, but he believed Gareth wouldn't have one higher than him. He would still have the higher card even if he had the same number. 
Hence, he was confident he would win that round. 
Gareth stared at him scornfully and flipped his card. 
He had the nine of spades! 
"Oh my, how could this happen? They must have the luck of the devil. We'll need to rub some luck off them. Who knows? We might be able to win as well." 
"After all, they're from Zovain. I heard that they have the Goddess of Luck protecting them." 
"They have won multiple times. I envy them!" 
... 
As soon as Gareth revealed his cards, the people gasped in shock and started murmuring in their native language, but Gareth and Elisa understood what they were saying. 
Both of them were collecting millions of just from this gambling session alone. 
"This is getting boring. I haven't won once in the past few rounds. I'll leave the table." 
The masked man toppled his chips and pulled the masked lady away. 
The man in the center seat breathed deeply. 
He could let the masked man leave but couldn't let Gareth and Elisa go with so much money from the casino! 
"Let's continue." 
Gareth didn't say a word as he shuffled and distributed the cards. 
The man dismissed his subordinates, leaving only three people at the table. He requested, "Let's reveal our cards simultaneously at the count of three."
###chapter1318
Chapter 1318 Aren’t You Willing To Accept Your Defeat?
The audience fixed their eyes on the cards when he said that. They looked even more nervous than the three at the gambling table. 
Gareth and Elisa won heftily from the casino. If he lost again, he would lose his dignity and might be unable to keep his life. 
Hence, the man was eager to win this round. 
Compared to his eagerness and anxiousness, Elisa and Gareth were exceptionally calm. Elisa was satisfied as they had already won multiple times. Even if they lost, they would only pay back the amount they won. 
As for Gareth, his true intention had nothing to do with winning the bet! 
And the situation at hand had not reached his desired outcome. 
“Elisa.” 
Gareth called her. 
She was surprised to hear him call her name. 
However, she remained collected in front of the people watching them. The man also didn’t tease her when he learned her name. 
He could only focus on the game. 
One, two, three. 
All of them revealed their cards. Three sixes.
When Elisa saw that they had similar numbers, she was glad she had set the rule at the beginning to compare based on the symbols. She had spades, while the man had hearts. 
As always, she won again. 
All the chips were swept in front of her. Elisa couldn’t help but imagine how much she would receive after the gamble. 
With that amount of money she had, she could splurge on herself. She was thrilled by that thought. 
But the man couldn’t stand it anymore. 
He continued to gamble with Gareth and Elisa, but they kept winning for the next few rounds. It attracted the attention of many people who had started making their own bets on who would win. 
The man held a chip in his hand, sweating profusely from nerves. 
His boss only limited him to three million. Not only had he exceeded the limit, but he had also betted using his savings. 
He was agitated. 
“Both of you have been winning continuously, and I haven’t touched the deck. Since there are only three of us, let’s compare who has the highest number based on the sum of five cards. We’ll only consider the second digit if the sum is more than a single digit.” 
As he was unhappy with his defeat, the man started to change the rules again. 
“You keep suspecting us of cheating, but how can we cheat with so many people observing our game?” 
Elisa mocked the man and continued, “Aren’t you willing to accept your defeat?”
“What a joke! Have you tried asking around if KKCD has ever backed out in fear of losing?” 
He scornfully laughed at her comment. 
KKCD casino was the largest casino in Moranta. No way they would back away. 
However, he also had a mission. 
“Joseph, do you remember how you insulted others when you won consecutively in the past? You said they shouldn’t embarrass themself in KKCD if they can’t afford to gamble. So what are you trying to do now? 
“You keep changing the rules as you suspect them of cheating. If you don’t have the guts to continue, have someone take over your place.” 
“Exactly! A bet is a bet! Don’t beat around the bush and destroy the reputation of KKCD.” 
People in the crowd started to insult the man as they were upset with his attitude. With their public outcry, both Elisa and Gareth finally had a name to attach to the man. 
It looked like the man had offended many people with his pathetic tricks. 
“If that’s the case, let’s leave, Elisa.”
###chapter1319
Chapter 1319 Mr North
Gareth made his stance clear as he talked to Elisa. 
Elisa was startled. 
Didn’t he want to become the public enemy? Why is he backing off now? 
“Our God and Goddesses of Luck, we haven’t gotten the chance to bet against you, and you’re already leaving. KKCD casino is not dominated by Joseph alone. Many more people will gamble with you if he doesn’t have the guts to do so.” 
Someone hurriedly walked to the front of the crowd to stop them from leaving when they saw that Gareth was about to leave with Elisa. 
“Exactly. Give us a chance to rub off your luck and feel the sense of victory again after our many defeats in KKCD Casino.” 
“That’s right!” 
Many of the spectators respected and envied them. Of course, they didn’t want Gareth and Elisa to leave as they believed they could borrow their luck to earn back some money. 
After all, many of them had suffered substantial losses at the casino. 
Joseph immediately dialed a number on his handphone when he saw this scene unfold before him. 
Before the call was accepted, a loud, hoarse voice started nearing them, “What is happening? Why is it so noisy here?” 
A boastful-sounding voice boomed.
Soon, a man with gray hair and pale skin walked down the stairs. He was wearing a purple shirt and had a hand in his pocket. 
His appearance silenced everyone, and Joseph immediately fawned upon him. “Mr. North.” 
“Useless prick!” 
His insult immediately got Joseph running to the back of Mr. North. 
The crowd silently gasped. Joseph was merely a follower. The actual manager was a person called Mr. North. 
The appearance of Mr. North also meant that Gareth and Elisa wouldn’t be able to leave with a single cent in their pockets. 
“This little brat is still immature and can’t afford to play. Let me join both of you. We can keep the rules the same as before.” Mr. North walked closer to Gareth and Elisa. 
Undoubtedly, he had been observing them since they joined the table. 
“Sure.” 
Elisa immediately replied to Mr. North. After all, they had won a large amount of money. They could still afford to play a few rounds even if they lost. Besides, Gareth was here, so what was there to fear? 
However, Gareth sharply noticed that the person Joseph referred to as ‘Mr. North’ had a white Bluetooth earphone in his left ear. 
Since the moment he made his appearance known, he had been unnaturally pausing between his sentences.
Someone must have been instructing him covertly. 
“Let’s begin.” 
Gareth nodded and walked towards the gambling table with Elisa. 
Mr. North had some potential. He won the first four to five rounds. However, Gareth won the most bets after the fourth or fifth round. 
It made the people who placed their bet on him overjoyed as they also won when he won. 
However, Elisa was slowly losing interest in the gamble. She turned to look at the crowd. Suddenly, she met eyes with the masked man and lady that had previously gambled with them. 
The masked lady was staring at her. Elisa felt her heart sink when she saw the expression in her eyes. 
The two people had not appeared in the casino out of coincidence. They must’ve been observing Gareth and Elisa for a long time. 
However, they had already disappeared from the crowd when she wanted to warn Gareth about it.
###chapter1320
Chapter 1320 What’s Your Motive?
“Haha! I could finally feel the joy of victory at KKCD casino by rubbing off the luck of the God and Goddess of Luck!” 
Suddenly, someone in the crowd was cheering out of joy. 
The voice interrupted Elisa’s train of thought. A plump man in the crowd was cheering while holding his chips up. Within a few seconds, the people around him were calling for him to stop. 
“You must be crazy. Their good luck will also bring them bad luck. We’re indeed winning now, but you have to control yourself! Do you think they can leave KKCD with the money they’ve won?” 
These words hit him like a splash of cold water in his face. He gained his senses right away. 
Elisa wasn’t far away from them. Despite their efforts to lower their voices, Elisa could hear every sentence. 
The crowd started to disperse. 
After a while, Gareth, Elisa, Thomas, and the casino’s staff were the only ones surrounding their table. 
Even though Henry was kicked by Gareth and was ordered by Joseph to apologize to Elisa, he didn’t try to conceal his aggravation towards Elisa. His blazing eyes indicated, ‘You’re dead meat now.’ 
Elisa smirked scornfully at his expression without feeling scared at all. 
“I guess there’s nothing special about KKCD casino.” Elisa let out a mocking remark. 
“Don’t insult our casino with your nonsense. Two of you have been winning ever since you appeared in our casino. I believe you have another motive. Tell us.”
Mr. North threw away the cigar in his hands and folded his arms on the gambling table. He instigated them without beating around the bush. 
What do you mean by Moranta’s largest casino? 
From Elisa’s perspective, this was Moranta’s most f*cked up casino. 
Anyone who came with a fortune would have to leave without anything. Even if they won, the money would deceitfully return to the people in the casino. Not only did they have such pathetic tricks up their sleeves, but they were also thieves! 
Elisa was disgusted by their shameless acts. 
“Take me to your boss, and I’ll not take a single cent from here.” Gareth looked into the eyes of Mr. North and shared his intention indifferently. 
Mr. North noticed that Gareth’s eyes were expressionless and cold. 
It was indeed true that they had another motive. They had already done their research on everyone in the casino. 
Before Mr. North could reply, he heard a husky and dull voice from his earphones. “Bring them up.” 
“Yes, boss.” 
Mr. North respectfully replied and hinted to his subordinates. 
His actions immediately verified Gareth’s suspicions earlier! 
Soon after, Gareth and Elisa were led through a long corridor to the elevator, where they went to the thirty-ninth floor. It was the highest floor of the building.
The decorations were extravagant, and there was an outdoor swimming pool. The building beside the swimming pool looked like a grand palace. 
They followed them and noticed a man in his forties, wearing a white T-shirt, black shorts, and slippers, sitting on a leather sofa. 
A German Shepherd covered in black fur was in front of the man, and a plate of fresh red meat was placed before the dog. 
The man caressed the dog’s head before lifting his head. “You’re not here just to meet me after winning such a big amount of money. Are you? Tell me, what’s your motive?” 
Elisa noticed the man had several strands of white hair and a few wrinkles on his forehead, but it couldn’t conceal his distinctive and outstanding aura. 
The man quickly noticed her staring at him and took a glance at her. Elisa’s face stiffened as she swiftly looked away from him.
###chapter1321
Chapter 1321A Similar Expression
Chapter 1321A Similar Expression 
“Turn around.” 
It was an order. 
At the same time, this made Gareth aware of the situation. 
The middle-aged man’s sudden request made Gareth subconsciously take a step forward and stand in front of Elisa. 
Although he didn’t know the casino boss’ intention, Gareth would never let anything happen to Elisa in front of him! 
“How may I address you, sir?” 
Gareth pursed his Ups and tried to change the topic. 
Elisa understood his intention but secretly felt it was amusing. 
He has never protected me in the past. Why is he defending me now? 
“Sir, I’m sorry for how I looked at you just now, but I didn’t have malicious intentions. I was curious about how KKCD’s boss is a middle-aged man.” 
Elisa raised her head and looked at the man as she slowly explained. 
The middle-aged man heard Elisa’s voice and naturally noticed her. 
Surprise flickered across his eyes. 
Elisa, who was before him, had a similar expression to that person!
If not for the passage of time, he would have thought that the person had appeared before him. 
However, the world was full of extraordinary things. 
He couldn’t be sure the two had blood ties just because Elisa looked like that person. 
“Don’t you know there’s a saying that goes, ‘Curiosity kills the cat’?” The middle-aged man refuted Elisa indifferently, mainly because of the restlessness that surfaced in his heart. 
“I understand. I realize I was wrong. I’m sorry, sir. We didn’t come for any reason other than Ganoderma Caligo.” Elisa simply told the truth at such a stage. 
Grandma’s illness would recover and improve if Elisa could use Ganoderma Caligo in her medicine. 
This was the actual reason they stepped into KKCD Casino tonight! 
Because Gareth had discovered that KKCD Casino’s boss had Ganoderma Caligo and would auction it at the casino in three days. The starting bid was at least one hundred million. 
“Heh. You heard the news before the auction started. Since you know about it, you should know that Ganoderma Caligo can bring benefits and profit to people.” 
“Can’t you just bid for it at the auction if you want it?” The middle- aged man disagreed with Elisa. 
Many people wanted Ganoderma Caligo, but unfortunately, it was rare. 
The money they had won in the casino tonight was nothing compared to the benefits of Ganoderma Caligo! 
“Sir, we didn’t mean that. You know that there are many underhanded manipulations in auctions. We can bid for it through the normal auction, but we hope you won’t make things difficult for us, sir.” Elisa
pursed her lips and implored again. 
Gareth immediately said, “We only want you to promise this, sir. We won’t take any of the money we won.” 
“Heh. Haven’t you heard the saying?” 
“Outsiders like you can’t beat me. No matter how powerful you are, you’re now in my territory.” 
The middle-aged man suddenly laughed as if he had just heard a joke. 
In other words, he implied that Gareth and Elisa were foolish to have the nerve to discuss terms with him. 
“Sir, since we came with a purpose, do you think we would allow something like this to happen?” “Are you threatening me?”
###chapter1322
Chapter 1322 You’re Not a Small-Minded Person, Sir
The middle-aged man narrowed his eyes and sneered. The prickly expression on his face was evident. 
In all the years that he had established KKCD, this was the first time someone dared to say such a thing in front of him. Gareth and Elisa were kids to him! 
“Not exactly threatening, but we came prepared. We won’t return empty-handed,” Gareth said in a deep voice. He wasn’t the least fearful when he met the middle-aged man’s gaze. 
The casino didn’t let them take their winnings away and didn’t want to help them. Elisa felt like the man before them wasn’t good news. 
“So what will it take for you to let us go, sir? Isn’t it worth it for us to use the money to buy a clean auction from you, sir?” 
“We won the money with our actual ability, and we’re having a peaceful discussion. If we start arguing, it will affect your reputation, sir.” 
Elisa pursed her lips as she spoke. Her words and reasoning were clear. 
This caught the attention of the middle-aged man. His critical gaze was continuously directed at Elisa. 
Elisa’s words and actions surprised him because they were similar to the woman in his memories. It distracted him slightly. 
“Are you teaching our boss how to run a business?” 
Mr. North rebuked Elisa angrily, venting his displeasure from losing a few rounds. 
“Not really. My friend and I only want to ask for his help. We are determined to win no matter how much the bid is for the Ganoderma Caligo. But please don’t make things difficult for us, sir.” As Elisa spoke,
she nodded sincerely to the middle-aged man as a sign of respect. 
The middle-aged man didn’t know why, but his heart felt constricted when he saw Elisa’s gesture of respect. 
This was unlike the woman in his memories. 
Because the woman in his memories would never bow to him. 
“I can promise not to interfere with you, but it’s up to you if you bid for it. There’s no such thing as a free lunch.” 
The middle-aged man said coldly. 
His intentions were clear. He would not let them buy Ganoderma Caligo for the money they won. 
“We understand. We won’t take any of this money. Sir, here’s another five million as a little gesture from us. Kindly accept it, sir.” 
As Gareth spoke, he glanced at Thomas. Thomas offered a cheque of five million on his hands that had been prepared earlier. 
The middle-aged man didn’t take it. “Since you’re not taking the money, what kind of person would I be if I accepted this five million?” 
“However, I admire your courage. The three of you had the nerve to barge into my casino. Weren’t you afraid I would slash you up and feed you to the dog?” 
The middle-aged man sneered. Because of what the middle-aged man said, Elisa subconsciously looked at the dog eating fresh meat.
The dog ate happily, and its sharp fangs were revealed. 
Elisa’s heart couldn’t help but sink when she saw it. 
However! 
So what if this is a dangerous place? Grandma’s illness can’t be delayed! 
“You established KKCD in Moranta, sir, and developed it until today. You’re clearly not a small-minded person. If you don’t want to accept this five million, why don’t we buy you a meal after the auction, sir? I wonder if you would do us the honor, sir?” 
“Are you…” 
Elisa smiled gently, and her words were polite. But as soon as she finished speaking, Mr. North took one step forward. Just as he was about to berate her, the middle-aged man extended his hand in Mr. North’s direction, indicating for Mr. North to stop.
###chapter1323
Chapter 1323 Eating Less for a Few Days Won’t Kill You
“Alright.” 
The middle-aged man promised Elisa. 
“Let’s set a time after the auction ends.” 
Elisa replied with a smile. 
“Okay.” 
“We’ll take our leave now.” 
Gareth nodded to the middle-aged man before he led Elisa out of the casino. 
After they left, Mr. North was confused. “Boss, they’re challenging our baseline. Are we going to let them leave like this? And Shadow was peculiar. It usually barks non-stop when it sees strangers. Why didn’t it make a noise when it saw them today?” 
The middle-aged man wouldn’t have considered it if Mr. North hadn’t brought it up. 
Elisa’s figure kept appearing in his mind, and he suddenly realized something. Animals like dogs wouldn’t go mad with people they often interacted with. 
Was it possible that Elisa was related to that woman? 
“North, investigate those two people just now. Especially that girl. I want all her information!” 
Mr. North was astonished when he heard the middle-aged man’s sudden words. “Boss, what’s up with the girl? I feel like you were curious about her. Do you have some sort of relationship with her?” 
The middle-aged man couldn’t help but furrow his brows. “She looks like an old friend of mine. Find out about her as fast as you can!”
“Alright.” 
After hearing what the middle-aged man said, Mr. North didn’t dare to delay. 
At that moment, Gareth and Elisa had walked out of the casino and entered the car. 
Elisa was honest with Gareth about what she had noticed. “Gareth, do you remember the masked man and woman sitting across from us while playing cards? They withdrew after three rounds, but they didn’t leave. They kept looking at us in the crowd.” 
“I know.” 
Gareth said indifferently. 
“Oh. Good that you know.” 
Since he knew others had their eye on them, Gareth would arrange and deal with everything. She didn’t need to care. 
Elisa stretched. “Let’s return to the hotel to rest. Don’t disturb me if there’s nothing tomorrow. I just want to sleep in.” 
“Aren’t you going to make me something to eat? I’m not used to the food in Moranta. Are you just going to stare blankly as your efforts go to waste?” 
Gareth’s series of questions suddenly rendered Elisa speechless. 
She rolled her eyes at Gareth. “How did you eat when you went on business trips in the past? Didn’t you eat anything? Moreover, eating less for a few days won’t kill you.” 
She was already compromising for Grandma, but!
It was still essential to keep a distance. Elisa didn’t want others to mistakenly think that her relationship with Gareth was back from the dead and they were reconciling. 
Gareth’s expression instantly darkened. 
As for the masked couple, they were sitting in the car at that moment. The vehicle sped quickly along the highway, and they had already removed their masks. 
“They deliberately wanted to attract attention and become the casino’s public enemy. If my guess is right, they did it for the Ganoderma Caligo that the casino will auction a few days later.” 
The man’s lips curved. The smile in the corners of his mouth was exceptionally malicious, but it didn’t reach his eyes. His dark eyes were endlessly dangerous and cold. 
“The auction is only happening a few days later. They’re rather amusing for discussing it now.” 
The woman had also removed her mask, revealing her stunning and gorgeous face. Her words were filled with disdain for Gareth and Elisa.
###chapter1324
Chapter 1324 Couldn’t Be Used!
“How do you know they’re being comical and not bravely looking for a way? We can never underestimate Gareth and Elisa. They’re not so dumb.” The man said coldly with his thin lips as he answered the woman. 
The woman suddenly laughed. “Away? If they’re dead, what other ways do they have?” 
As the woman spoke, a murderous expression streaked across her face. 
At the next moment, she explained her plans. “The day of the auction is when Elisa will die. The more fun she has at the auction, the more painful her death will be!” 
The woman was determined to succeed in her plans. 
“You had better settle down for now! It won’t benefit you if Elisa dies now. Furthermore, why do you think you’ll succeed?” The man frowned, displeased when he heard the woman’s thoughts of killing Elisa. 
In his opinion, the auction had to go on. Otherwise, how could they get Ganoderma Caligo for free? The man wanted to hurt and leave Gareth so grieved that Gareth wished he was dead. 
The woman turned to look out the window. She didn’t listen to the man. She had her own plans. 
Once she set her mind on something, she had to do it. 
Moreover, with her ability, how could she fail? 
Failure wasn’t an option for her! 
“If you want your plan to progress perfectly, don’t act blindly without thinking. Wait until the time is ripe. Then, murdering Gareth and Elisa would be easier than killing an ant.” 
The man continued.
But the woman ignored him. 
To be accurate, the woman didn’t hear what he said at all. 
As for Nicole, she had just gotten off the plane. 
As she followed the crowd walking out of the tunnel, she received a few messages from Linda when she turned on her cell phone. 
‘Are you really not thinking of going there to take a look?’ 
‘I feel like you should consider what I said. You can still make it if you want to go. Don’t regret it after the auction ends.’ 
‘Nicole, can you reply after you read my messages?’ 
Linda’s tone at the end was noticeably anxious because she hadn’t received any reply from Nicole. 
Nicole glanced at the messages and called Linda’s number. 
She was slightly impatient. “I’ve arrived in Moranta. Linda Benett, if you were sincere, why didn’t you come with me?” 
“Didn’t I tell you before? Our common enemy is Elisa. If you’re unwilling, I will inform my boss. I was just confirming with you.” 
“However, I’m still glad you will cooperate with me. Good luck, Nicole. I believe you can do it!” Linda encouraged Nicole. 
Nicole was scornful. She didn’t come because she wanted to work with Linda. She just wanted to look at the auction and approach Gareth.
Why must I work with Linda regarding what she wants to do to Elisa? Why don’t I just watch from afar and reap the benefits of the winning side? 
“You can steal Elisa’s limelight at this auction. Let me tell you. You just have to…” 
“I don’t need you to tell me what to do.” 
After that, she hungup on Linda. 
Her cold voice was decisive. 
She wasn’t willing to cooperate with Linda. 
When Linda heard the busy signal on the phone, she felt her chest rise and fall. She couldn’t deny that she was enraged by Nicole’s attitude and words. 
She thought Nicole could be her pawn. But now, from the looks of it… she couldn’t use Nicole!
###chapter1325
Chapter 1325 Someone Is Causing Trouble Here
After hanging up on Linda, Nicole came to the underground exit of the airport. 
She had just hailed a cab when her cell phone rang again. 
She assumed it was Linda again. 
She answered without glancing at her phone. “Linda Benett, do you not understand English? Are you not done?” 
She disliked people who rambled, even more so if it was Linda. 
She would even have an impulse to hit Linda if Linda was before her. 
But she didn’t know that it wasn’t Linda’s voice on her phone. 
It was her good friend, Poppy Wilbank. 
“Linda? It’s Lollipop. Isn’t Linda dead?” 
Nicole’s gaze froze. “I called you the wrong name. Didn’t I tell you I was going to Moranta? What’s up?” 
Nicole’s tightly furrowed brows only relaxed when she heard her best friend’s voice. 
But she had been affected by Linda and wasn’t in a good mood. 
“I listened to your chatter and realized you’ve been in a bad mood recently, so I got you a table at Stowaway Bar. Enjoy yourself tonight.” 
As expected of her good friend, who was so considerate. 
“Sure enough, you know me best. I’ll look for you once I’m back.”
“Okay. Have fun, and have a good night.” 
Poppy didn’t tell Nicole that other than booking a table for her at Stowaway Bar, Poppy had also booked a particular service! 
When all was said and done, Poppy was her best friend and understood her best. 
She usually liked to go to places like these in a bad mood to relax. 
When the time came, Nicole arrived at Stowaway Bar on time. 
Stowaway Bar was in the city center of Moranta. It was decorated lavishly, and there were many people there. 
Poppy had booked the best spot for her, a booth on the deck. She could look down at everything in the lounge. 
Moreover, snacks and beverages were included. 
But she never imagined that three different male models would appear simultaneously. 
The server even said, “Hello, pretty lady. This is the special service you ordered!” 
The three male models were tall with fair skin. 
They wore white shirts with a few open buttons, revealing their muscular chests. 
They had great physiques, but they weren’t the type she liked. 
Nicole wrinkled her brows. “I want a refund. I don’t need such a service.” 
“I’m sorry, pretty lady. The services purchased in advance at our bar can’t be refunded.”
The other party spoke fluently in a foreign language, which made Nicole more jittery. 
“Are you forcefully promoting your services?” 
Nicole was already in a lousy mood today because of Linda, and Nicole grew more displeased with such a situation. 
“Pretty lady, Stowaway Bar has always had such rules. They can leave if you don’t need them, but a refund is impossible.” 
The server reminded Nicole again with a calm voice as if used to such a situation. 
“They can leave. I don’t need a refund.” 
Nicole answered, unconcerned. 
“Alright.” 
The server complied with Nicole since she didn’t want a refund. 
Without the three male models, Nicole sat in the deck booth, and her gaze fell on the lounge downstairs. 
The lounge was lively and noisy. The people on the dancefloor swayed, undisturbed. 
Nicole suddenly noticed a man. 
He was in golden-brown sportswear as he sat on a genuine leather couch. 
When their gazes met, the man raised the glass in his hand toward her. 
This startled Nicole. She quickly looked away.
She never thought the man would come over. 
The man was very tall and had a handsome appearance. 
“Hello, pretty lady.” 
The man greeted her and sat across from her in the deck booth.
###chapter1326
Chapter 1326 What Are Your Motives?
“This is my table” 
Nicole ignored the man hitting on her. 
“Can I sit here for a while, pretty lady.. 
Just as the man was about to continue, a woman’s voice rang from the lounge downstairs. “Can I have a moment’s silence? I’m from the public relations department of Stowaway Bar. Today is Stowaway Bar’s second anniversary. We have an activity to thank new and old customers.” 
“What activity? Free pretty ladies or all expenses paid?” 
“Our female guests will lose out if we offer free pretty ladies. If we offer pretty ladies to the men, don’t we have to offer handsome men to the women?” 
Before the female staff from the public relations department could explain, the guests offstage couldn’t suppress their excitement. They immediately started questioning her. 
“We will be playing some interactive games for men and women. There will be first, second, and third place, along with a special prize.” 
“Are you interested, pretty lady?” 
The man across from Nicole asked her as soon as the public relations staff finished speaking. 
Nicole answered indifferently, “No.” 
She didn’t look at the man again. 
Although the man was dignified and stood tall, he wasn’t the type she liked. 
Furthermore, she liked someone else.
But after Nicole said it, the voice of the public relations staff rang downstairs. She held the microphone, and guests gathered quietly before the stage downstairs. 
The female public relations staff’s voice was pretty loud and clear. 
“The third place will have all their expenses paid for, and the second place will receive two special services from our bar. For the first place, they will receive both these prizes and a gift package worth 4999.” 
“What is the special prize?” 
The people offstage asked impatiently. 
Nicole was also slightly curious about the special prize. 
At the next moment, she heard the public relations staff’s voice. “The special prize is a coupon offered collectively by Stowaway Bar and KKCD Casino. The coupon can be used to enter the auction in three days. All expenses at the auction, casino, and Stowaway will be paid. The winner will even receive a twenty percent discount for the auctioned items.” 
“Quick, tell us what the game is. What do we have to do?” 
When the crowd offstage heard what the special prize entailed, they went crazy. 
Nicole’s gaze immediately grew deeper. 
She had come to Moranta for the auction in three days. She knew beforehand that Stowaway was affiliated with KKCD Casino. So when Lollipop booked a table for her here, she came without hesitation. 
From the looks of it now, Lollipop had booked a table for her at the right time!
“Pretty lady, are you interested in this game? The games are for men and women. You and I can form a team.” The man across from Nicole noticed her deep eyes when she heard the public relations staff explain the special prize. 
He noticed that Nicole was very interested in KKCD Casino’s auction. 
The game in this activity happened to give him an opportunity. 
Nicole came to her senses when she heard the man’s voice and noticed him again. 
A smile brimmed in the corner of the man’s mouth, and he seemed very gentle. 
“What are your motives?” 
From how the man had taken the initiative to approach her and offer himself, Nicole subconsciously felt that his motives weren’t innocent. 
“I want you to be my girlfriend. Does that count as my motive?” The man said as he smiled. 
Nicole felt baffled. 
She had just glanced at the man. Love at first sight? Nicole didn’t believe such a thing existed in the world. 
“Stowaway Bar is adding another unique prize to encourage participation in this activity. The winner of the special prize will receive a gold key!”
###chapter1327
Chapter 1327 Moved 
"D*mn! Stowaway has really invested a lot in tonight! The KKCD Casino boss reportedly sent out gold keys before the casino was built. 
There are only three gold keys.It is said that those with the gold key can make a request to the KKCD boss, and he will fulfill it, no matter what it is!" 
"Really? Stowaway can't be tricking us and organizing a fake activity, right? The gold key is so precious.Are you really giving it away like this?" 
"That's right.If we have the gold key and ask the boss to give us KKCD, the boss can't be so dumb, right?" 
The guests offstage didn't believe what the public relations staff said and started to ridicule her. 
The female public relations staff glanced at the people beside her. 
After a moment, two tall bodyguards carried a display case to the middle of the stage.A gold key was concealed in a glass box on the display case. 
"Stowaway has been open for business for two years, and there must be regular customers here.Can our regular customers tell everyone when Stowaway has ever deceived customers?" 
"If the gold key can’t be used, the special prize winner can look for us.Our bar is willing to compensate for any losses, and the winner will have free lifetime membership and all expenses paid for the rest of their life." 
"I'm a regular customer of Stowaway.Stowaway has been organizing activities occasionally for the past two years, and they've always honored the winners’ prizes.Furthermore, we came to Stowaway because of its reputation.Besides, the person in charge has spoken so honestly.What reason do we have not to believe her?"
"That's right.It's a game.We're here to have a good time.Come on, those with partners can start.Those who don't can form teams now." 
"That's right.Let's do it for the coupon and gold key.Come on, friends!" 
The guests offstage were enthusiastic and in high spirits. 
Upstairs, Nicole was moved as well. 
If the gold key was as the people offstage described it, she had to win it tonight.She would ask the casino's boss to sell her Ganoderma Caligo. 
Then, Gareth would look for her because of Ganoderma Caligo. 
Then, she could take advantage of him and make requests. 
Gareth would promise her anything for his grandmother! "Pretty lady, I see you're interested in the gold key.I know about it.The bosses of Stowaway and the casino are old friends. 
The Stowaway boss offered this prize to create buzz for the casino boss’ auction. 
Although those people are mocking it, there will be a limit to wishes the boss can fulfill." 
"Between receiving money in one go or having the safeguard of all- expenses-paid for the rest of their lives, I believe most people will choose the latter because it has more security.Money will run out one day." 
"Pretty lady, my name is Aaron Fawler.Nice to meet you." 
The man extended his hand to Nicole.
"Are you from Zovain?" 
Nicole couldn't deny that she was moved by what the man and the guests downstairs said.She wanted the gold key.But at that moment, she couldn't help but wrinkle her brows at the man telling her his name. 
"I'm like you." 
"Oh." 
"Pretty lady, I know you're interested, and I'm willing to become your partner to help you this time.But I have a condition.If we win, I want your contact information." 
She didn't like how he proactively hit on her, but she couldn't deny how dignified he was.Since it was an interactive game between men and women, she wouldn't lose out if she had to come into close contact with such a man. 
"Alright." 
Nicole agreed in the end because of the gold key that moved her.But the man asked about her name. 
"Pretty lady, how should I address you?"
###chapter1328
Chapter 1328 I Noticed You from the Start
“Nicole Tabor.” 
She told the man her name since she had decided to form a team with him to participate in the activity. 
“Let’s go, Ms. ‘labor.” Aaron smiled and extended his hand to Nicole. 
Nicole got up and ignored his hand. 
Although she had agreed to form a ream with him, they would only have close contact during the activity. She hadn’t reached a stage where she could hold the hand of a man she had met for the first time. 
Nicole walked in front, while Aaron walked behind her. 
Aaron had a deep smile in the corner of his mouth as he watched her figure from the back. 
At the end of the day, she was rhe daughter of the Tabor family. She had a certain arrogance and nobility to her. 
However, he was determined to win her over. 
They arrived before the stage shortly. 
The female public relations staff explained the first game. “The first game is a long jump. The man will be on the left, while the woman will be on the right. Your legs will be tied together, and the champion will be the team that can 
jump (he furthest.” 
“All participants have to register here.”
The public relations staff pointed in a direction. 
Many people wanted to register. Aaron pulled Nicole’s hand and pushed those people away, fighting to register first. 
He even drew a heart shape between his and Nicole’s name. 
“A game is a game. Can you not do this?” 
“You’re my target. What is a man without a purpose? You’ll see how I win in a while.” Aaron didn’t mind Nicole’s disdain toward him. He was still determined to win. 
“Let’s talk about it after you ger first place.” 
Although Nicole aimed for the special prize, she felt she had slim chances because there were so many people. But she had already registered to participate in the activity with the man. The public relations staff deliberately said, “This is the big reward for our second anniversary. Dear customers, since we’re being so earnest, you may not quit halfway. You will only rank if you participate until the end. If you quit halfway, you will be blacklisted from Stowaway Bar in the future!” 
Nicole had such a thought for a split second, but the public relations staff’s words pushed it out of her head. 
However, Nicole felt that the bar had many bizarre rules! 
She didn’t know how the customers could accept these rules and be so enthusiastic. 
“Nicole, you didn’t know about this, did you? Stowaway is affiliated with KKCD Casino. With KKCD protecting them, Stowaway’s customers won’t decrease, no matter how strange their rules are. Moreover, as you can see, Stowaway knows how to run a business. As a consumer, who wouldn’t want discounts and activities?”
Aaron understood Nicole’s thoughts as he spoke slowly. 
These words startled Nicole. 
She looked at him, perplexed. 
“It’s surprising, isn’t it? I noticed you from the start and am very interested in you. I naturally won’t miss any of your emotions.” 
Aaron was explaining it to her. 
Nicole didn’t want to pay him any attention. “Don’t talk to me about these. We re just partners working together. The most important thing for us right now is to win the games. 
1 don’t want to talk about anything else.” 
“Okay.” 
Aaron was tactful. 
Ten minutes later, the first round of games starred. 
There were a hundred pairs of men and women participating. The game started orderly according to the sequence of registration. 
Aaron and Nicole were the first pair to start the game. 
Nicole felt that doing rhe long jump that way was difficult, but she never thought Aaron would hug her waist and lift her up. 
She had no other way. She could only lay on him.
Before she could react, Aaron supported her weight and jumped…
###chapter1329
Chapter 1329 Do You Have Inside Information?
Nicole felt her heart suspend in midair. 
This made her subconsciously hug Aaron tightly. 
Aaron was thrilled when he felt Nicole hold on to him. 
The result of their jump was six feet. 
When the public relations stall announced the result, it caused rhe guests on rhe scene ro cry our in surprise. 
“I think one person can jump six feet. It’s amazing that two people can achieve such a result!” 
“Aren’t rhe rwo supposed to jump together? The man carried the woman beside him. Isn’t this against the rules?” 
“This is an interactive game between men and women. If the man doesn’t exert strength, don’t tell me the woman is supposed ro do ir? Bur it’s possible if rhe woman is strong! 
“With their legs tied together, it must be more laborious for one party. Otherwise, how can rhe game go on? It depends on how you arrange yourselves.” 
Everyone had mixed opinions. 
Bur rhe public relations staff kept calm amid rhe panic. “This is a game between men and women. Their legs arc- tied together. As partners, ir depends on how you 
complete the game. Stowaway will acknowledge it regardless of your method if you land on the same line and do not fall.” 
Therefore, rhe man had to exert more effort.
Or perhaps it was like someone had said just now. If the woman was strong, she could exert more effort. 
Nicole’s brows wrinkled rightly. 
It’s more like a blind dale than an interactive game. Why can’t we form all-male orfemale teams? Why does it have to be male and female? 
However, Stowaway had a few bizarre rules. Nicole couldn’t be bothered to think about it further. 
She called a staff member standing at the side. “We were rhe first ro complete rhe game. Please untie us.” 
There were ninety-nine more pairs after them. 
It would take around an hour for the game to end. Nicole could return ro her sear and drink while awaiting rhe upcoming game results. 
After being untied, Nicole returned to her seat. 
She looked at Aaron, who had followed her, and her brows wrinkled. “The next game hasn’t started. Why did you follow me?” 
“You didn’t give me your contact information. Where will I look for you when the next game starts if I don’t follow 
you? Aaron s question stopped her in her tracks. 
However, Nicole didn’t want to interact with Aaron anymore. 
He hadn’t informed her beforehand that he would pick her up for the long jump.
It was her first time being carried by a man since she was young. 
She would have slapped him if not for the game. 
“I’m at my seat. You can return to yours. When the next game starts, you can just come and look for me.” Nicole was somewhat moody. 
Aaron laughed and ignored her. He teased her, “I thought you would give me your contact information.” 
“Didn’t we agree that I’ll give it to you after we win?” 
From the looks of it. winning was uncertain with so many contestants. 
She didn’t want to give him her contact information! 
“I’m determined to be the champion. Give it to me first…” 
“Why? Do you have inside information?” 
Aaron’s words suddenly made Nicole vigilant. 
There are so many people. What makes him so confident? 
Furthermore, there were interactive activities between 
men and women after he started hitting on her. 
She couldn’t help but feel suspicious. 
Aaron snorted in laughter. “If I really had inside information, I could have given you the gold key directly.”
###chapter1330
Chapter 1330 The Medicine Is Working
It was as though Aaron’s words revealed his sincerity, but Nicole knew he was just kidding. 
He was just good with his words. The crowd offstage had talked about the origin of the gold key. If Aaron had the gold key, how could he give such a significant to someone he met for the first time? 
“Even if you had it, I wouldn’t care for it,” Nicole said apathetically. She picked up the wine glass in her hands and sipped the red wine. 
Aaron didn’t answer, but a sneer streaked across the corner of his mouth. 
Don ‘I care for il?If she doesn ‘l care for it, why would she team up with me and playgames to win the gold key? 
Bur Aaron didn’t point it out. 
He sat across from Nicole. Although she didn’t like him, she couldn’t lose her grace and chase him away. After all, everyone was all over the place. 
After all, he was her current teammate. 
It was boring to watch other teams behind them compete. 
Bur she couldn’t go too far away. Otherwise, how could they play the other games if they missed out on the second round of games since they were first in line? 
“Do you know how to play cards? Let’s have a game to sec who has the bigger card. Or can 1 look for a few friends and play Blackjack?” 
Aaron seemed to be asking Nicole for her opinion.
Nicole didn’t think that he would be pretty knowledgeable. She glanced at the people in line for the game and agreed. “Call your friends over to play.” 
“Okay.” 
Aaron immediately made a call after Nicole agreed. 
A man walked toward them shortly. 
As the three of them were seated. Aaron said, “We usually play truth or dare. Ms. Tabor, it’s the first time we’re meeting. Let’s gamble.” 
“Mm.” 
Nicole had no opinions on gambling. 
Bur Aaron added, “The loser has to take three shots as punishment.” 
Nicole was indifferent. After all, she had a good capacity for alcohol. 
Nicole won a few rounds at first, and she received a vast money transfer. Bur in the end, her luck was almost running out. 
Aaron’s friend won most rounds. 
Aaron was slightly annoyed, “I called you here to play a game, not to dupe us. If you win the pretty lady’s money, how will I get along with her? Doesn’t it make us seem like swindlers?” 
Nicole wasn’t bothered by Aaron’s thoughts. Since she had agreed to bet, she was willing to pay. 
Furthermore, how could they be cheaters in a game of cards?
However, she felt that the alcohol today differed slightly from the past. She clearly hadn’t drunk much, but she started feeling dizzy. 
Ultimately, her eyelids fell heavy, and she only wanted to lie on the table and sleep! 
“Aaron, see if the long jump game has ended. I’m feeling slightly tipsy…” 
Nicole said to Aaron. 
Aaron heard Nicole sounding slightly weak. Most importantly, he noticed her reactions. 
Mm. The medicine is starting to work. 
He went along with what Nicole said. ” There aren’t many people left. Let’s go, Ms. Tabor. Let’s go for the next round of games.’ 
“Alright.” 
Nicole nodded and got up but seemed to be stepping on cotton. She felt as light as a feather. Thankfully, Aaron was supporting her. Otherwise, she would feel unsteady and plant forwards headfirst! 
“Why don’t you rest, Ms. Tabor? I’ll join rhe games with someone else. As long as you keep your promise, I will return with the gold key if you give me your contact information.”
###chapter1331
Chapter 1331 It Wouldn’t Be Too Late
“Are you so kind?” 
Nicole felt that she had no strength left. She laughed in a low voice when she heard Aaron’s words. She didn’t think Aaron could do it. 
“So…” 
However, she couldn’t hear clearly what Aaron said after that. 
Her eyelids felt heavy, and she lost consciousness. 
The sky was bright when she awoke. 
She was in an unfamiliar and luxurious room. Sunlight streamed in, and the wind blew in through the windows. Such an environment immediately put Nicole on alert. 
She got up and realized she was wearing nothing as she lay on the six-foot-wide bed. 
Her body felt like it had been crushed by a roller, and she had a splitting headache! 
Wasn’t she just about to participate in the second round of games? Why was she here? 
Don’t tell me… 
“Are you awake? Are you hungry? Do you want to ear anything?” 
A gentle voice spoke slowly. 
Nicole raised her head abruptly and saw Aaron wrapping a towel around his waist. He rubbed his dripping wet hair as he asked her while walking our of rhe bathroom. 
“I’m going to kill you, Aaron Fawler!”
Nicole wasn’t dumb. From the change of environment and her body’s genuine reactions, she clearly realized what she had experienced! 
The chastity that she had kepi for over twenty years was seized by a stranger. She was upset! 
“Ms. Tabor, you’re quite ruthless. You called me honey on your own accord last night, but you want to kill me as soon as you awake. We may only have spent one night together, but our relationship might last forever.” 
“You’re really disappointing me.” 
Aaron sighed. He had a distressed and grieved expression. 
“Disappointing? Shouldn’t you be pleased? You were scheming against me from the start. You instructed someone to spike my drink, didn’t you?” 
Nicole clenched her fists, gritted her teeth, and stared at Aaron wide-eyed. 
She wanted to rush forward and do away with him, bur she was now… Where were her clothes?! Why did such a thing happen?! 
She wasn’t brave enough to rush forward from the start until the end. And she knew that men and women had different strengths. She wasn’t his match! 
“If I didn’t scheme against you, how would you become mine? Don’t worry. I will lake responsibility for you.” 
The corners of Aaron’s lips curved, and he smiled as he spoke to Nicole. 
He confidently made clear his attitude in the end.
“Get lost!” 
Nicole didn’t believe that someone like him would rake responsibility. He wouldn’t have used such despicable tricks if he was someone responsible. She was perplexed how she started to get tipsy before drinking one bottle’s worth of alcohol when she usually had a good capacity for alcohol! 
“I know you don’t believe me, but I’m sincere. If I was just playing around, I would have left after I got my way, but I didn’t. Nicole, I know why you’re here. 
“Don’t worry. I will protect you and help you. I won’t let you get exposed.” Aaron was honest with his feelings and didn’t call her Ms. Tabor’ anymore. 
Nicole immediately pursed her lips and had a grave expression. 
She never thought the man knew the purpose other trip. That was why love at first sight didn’t exist in the world. There was only premeditation… 
She was slightly suspicious. The man knew her identity and everything, so he might very well be a subordinate of the boss behind Linda. 
Otherwise, how would he have his eye on her as soon as she stepped into Stowaway Bar? 
In that case, she could still destroy this man after she won the Ganoderma Caligo in the auction!
###chapter1332
Chapter 1332 The Entire Crowd’s Focus
“I have something to do. This is my number. Call me if there’s anything.” 
After that, Aaron handed Nicole a gold-plated name card. 
Nicole didn’t take it from him. Her dark eyes stared straight ar Aaron. 
Aaron pursed his lips and said nothing. He put rhe name card on the nightstand. 
She had little regard for him from the start To her, she had slept with a man she had little respect for. Il was only natural that she couldn’t process her emotions. 
He understood that by staying, she would only feel worse. 
He had to give her some space. 
“Get lost!” 
Nicole roared. She pointed in the direction of the door furiously. 
Aaron said nothing. He did as she wanted and left. 
But as soon as he left. Nicole forcefully tore the gold- plated name card. When the pieces of the name card were so small she could no longer tear them up, she rushed into the bathroom, turned on the shower, and scrubbed herself. 
But she couldn’t wash the nausea off her no matter what. Especially when Aaron’s delighted expression appeared clearly in her mind… 
“Ah…!” 
Nicole cried out loud as she fell apart. She swept all the toiletries from the sink to the floor.
Bur she had an endless rage in her heart. 
She couldn’t accept the fact that Aaron had slept with her. 
She had kept her chastity for twenty-something years. She had wanted to keep it for Gareth and be his bride, bur it was now gone. Everything was gone. 
Gareth didn’t have feelings for her before, and it was less likely now! 
When she thought of it, her heart hurl. 
She hugged herself and curled up in the bathtub as the cold water soaked her from head to toe… 
The day before the auction. 
Elisa almost had everything figured out. When she was just about to make a call, the doorbell rang. 
She could sec Gareth through the peephole. 
Elisa knew he had come because of the auction tomorrow night, so she opened the door. 
”1 brought snacks.” 
Upon hearing him speak, Elisa noticed he was holding something in his hands. “Let’s talk while we cat.” 
Gareth said in a low voice while Elisa stepped to one side and let him in. 
“Thomas said that this is the best-selling midnight snack in Moranta. I thought you didn’t eat much for lunch, so I bought some for you.” 
“Oh.” 
Elisa answered indifferently.
This displeased Gareth slightly. “Aren’t you hungry?” 
“Not really. Let’s talk about the auction.’ 
As Elisa spoke, she noticed the change in Gareth’s expression. His face was cold and dull, and his brows furrowed. He was clearly upset. 
Bur she didn’t care. 
They weren’t husband and wife anymore. Why did she have to lake note of his feelings? 
“According to information, rich and powerful bigshots worldwide will attend the auction tomorrow. It will be a rough fight. Are you ready?” 
Gareth opened the boxes of food as he spoke. 
Elisa couldn’t turn him down when she saw him like this. 
She nodded as she ate. “Do we have a way out?” 
They had come for Ganoderma Galigo and had become famous after gambling al KKCD Casino. No matter how many wealthy and mighty bigwigs were present, they couldn’t back down! 
“Let’s go our for lunch tomorrow ar noon.” She had been in her room for the past three days. 
“Eating is secondary. Going out to shop for clothes is crucial. We arc now KKCD’s public enemy, it’s only natural that we must be rhe entire crowd’s focus when we attend the auction tomorrow night!” 
“Alright.” 
Elisa had wanted to rum him down.
But she could only nod when she heard what Gareth said.
###chapter1333
CHAPTER 1333 ARE YOU AFRAID THAT I WILL SELL YOU OFF?
She knew that her demeanor had to be equally impressive. 
Therefore, Gareth came knocking early the next day. 
Gareth thought she would open the door, still in pajamas with messy hair. He never thought that she would be in a dusty pink suit. 
Her low ponytail was tied in a headband of a similar color scheme. She looked beautiful and intellectual. Gareth even felt a strong demeanor from her. 
"Why are you looking at me like this?" 
Elisa immediately wrinkled her brows when she saw Gareth staring at her silently. 
"I thought you were still sleeping." 
Elisa rolled her eyes at him. "You knocked on my door anyway, didn't you?" 
"Thomas is queuing," Gareth said. He wasn't affected by her gaze. 
"Queuing?" 
Elisa was slightly surprised when she heard it. 
"Yes. KKCD decided not to accept reservations for the auction this time. Participants have to queue at the spot." 
According to what Thomas reported on the phone, there was a vast crowd at the scene. 
When Elisa heard it, she sneered. "KKCD is building momentum for Ganoderma Caligo through the auction."
Everyone could see the participants' enthusiasm as they waited in line to queue for a spot. At the same time, it showed how many people wanted Ganoderma Caligo! 
Queuing could even bring expenditure to the casino. 
KKCD Casino's boss had a good strategy! 
"He wants to tell everyone that Ganoderma Caligo is expensive. If others want it, they must pay a large sum he's pleased with in exchange for Ganoderma Caligo." 
Gareth noticed the casino boss' intention. 
"Let's wait for the auction opening at nine tonight." 
Elisa said as she shut the door. 
She took two steps forward before turning to glance at Gareth. "Which shopping mall are we going to?" 
"Are you afraid that I will sell you off?" 
"I'm not worth much. I'm not a child anyway." 
Elisa immediately retorted. 
She was swift. 
He had to admit something. Elisa was like a different person, unlike before. 
Gareth pursed his lips, and his face was cold as he stayed silent. 
The shopping mall was just a pretense. 
He had instructed Thomas to arrange for people to book an evening gown.
After shopping for a while, Elisa said indifferently, "I'm hungry. Let's get something to eat." 
"Sure." 
Gareth led her to a restaurant in the shopping mall. 
After ordering, Gareth was just about to talk to Elisa when a woman with blonde hair and an ample bosom pulled the chair beside Gareth and sat down. 
Not only did the woman sit down, but her hand was also on Gareth's shoulder. "Handsome man, can you give me your contact information?" 
The people of Moranta were open and enthusiastic. Still, Elisa never thought this foreign woman could be so direct and bold. 
Gareth hated being touched by women, but he cared more about Elisa's feelings. 
He saw her indifferent and aloof. Her expression didn't change in the least. 
She even… 
Utterly ignored him. 
She rose, walked forward, and raised her hand to call a waiter… 
"May I have a menu, please?" 
The waiter did as she asked and passed her a menu. 
Elisa took the menu and sat down. 
"What would you like to eat, pretty lady?"
Gareth's expression darkened when he heard her speaking fluently in a foreign language. 
He wondered what she was doing, but she unexpectedly took a menu out of the kindness of her heart and asked this woman, who had appeared out of nowhere, what she wanted to eat. 
Gareth felt that he was being ignored. 
But the foreign woman beside him thought he had silently acknowledged her presence. 
She was about to say something when Gareth's cold gaze was directed straight at her. "Get lost!"
###chapter1334
CHAPTER 1334 WHY ARE YOU STARING BLANKLY?
The foreign woman could feel the endless fierceness and coldness in Gareth's eyes. Furthermore, so many people were around them. On the one hand, she felt embarrassed. 
On the other hand, she knew Gareth stood no nonsense. She could only hang her head and hurriedly left with her tail between her legs. 
"I'm sorry, she's left. We don't need more food." 
Elisa returned the menu in her hands to the waiter 
"Let's go." 
Gareth said with a nasty expression before he stood up. 
Elisa knew he was furious. 
But hadn't they already ordered food? 
The waiter hurriedly called after Gareth. "Sir, the kitchen is already preparing the meals you just ordered…" 
"Must I eat them?" 
Gareth wrinkled his brows as he spoke bluntly. 
"Sir, you still have to pay if you're not eating." 
Gareth took out multiple bills from his wallet and threw them at the waiter. 
Since he did so, Elisa could only follow him. 
He was wealthy, so he could be impulsive.
She left the shopping mall with Gareth. When she got into the car, Gareth was looking for a new restaurant on the navigation app. Elisa immediately said, "You already told the woman to get lost. The restaurant did nothing wrong. Why did you get angry at them?" 
Gareth looked at her icily. Does she really not know why I'm angry? 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly and couldn't be bothered to speak to him. She said in a low voice, "Let's not eat. Let's return to the hotel and rest before going to the casino when the time comes." 
She didn't want to say anything about the foreign woman just now. 
"I'll arrange for some takeout." 
"Mm." 
Elisa had no opinions. 
They returned to the hotel suite together. 
Elisa kept scrolling on her phone. She looked at the current stocks and followed up on the latest news that people had sent her about patients receiving medical treatment at a high price. 
"Elisa." 
She was engrossed when Gareth suddenly called her name. 
Elisa looked over with furrowed brows, slightly confused. 
"You…" 
'Knock knock!'
Just as Gareth was about to speak, a knock was at the door. 
The custom-made outfit that Gareth arranged for was being delivered. 
Elisa knew it was privately custom-made when she saw the packaging. 
She wrinkled her brows. Since he had already custom-made an outfit, why did he bring me to the shopping mall? 
How baffling. 
"Gareth, where did you order this? Recommend it to me. They're so fast!" Elisa deliberately said. 
How could Gareth not understand what she meant? 
"No need. You can just look for me." 
Gareth said indifferently. He was particularly assertive when he spoke. 
Elisa understood it in an instant. 
By asking her to look for him, it meant he would acquire the store for her. 
But she didn't want to be involved with him! 
"It's fine." 
Elisa turned him down. At the next moment, she took the outfit from him. "I'm going to try this on." 
As she came out after trying the outfit, the food Gareth ordered was delivered. 
Gareth was opening the boxes of food.
He heard footsteps and said, "Come and eat." 
"Mm." 
Elisa walked to him and Gareth finally noticed her. 
It was a short, sleeveless, white dress. An enormous black ribbon was at Elisa's waist, and her black hair fell naturally on both sides. 
She put on light makeup, and the diamond earrings on her ears sparkled like the stars. At that moment, she stood under a brilliant and dazzling chandelier. She was devastatingly beautiful and incomparably ravishing. 
Gareth couldn't deny her beauty, and he lost his mind for an instant. 
"Aren't we eating? Why are you staring blankly?" 
"Mm." 
Gareth said indifferently before he looked away. 
After eating, they left for KKCD Casino.
###chapter1335
CHAPTER 1335 KEEP IN SUSPENSE
On Nicole's end, she was completely prepared. 
Aaron came to pick her up. 
Although he didn't bring a gold key for her, he kept reassuring her. "Don't worry. No matter what you have your eye on in the auction tonight, I will do my best to help you." 
"Don't make any promises until you win the bid." 
Although Nicole had no murderous impulse, her deep hatred for Aaron was unconcealable. 
Aaron said nothing. He took the initiative to drive attentively. 
On the way, Nicole received a call from Linda. 
"Ms. Tabor." 
Linda greeted her nicely, as usual. 
Nicole felt slightly nauseous when she heard Linda's girlish voice. 
She felt it was pretentious. 
Also… 
Sixty percent of why she had come to Moranta was because Linda had encouraged her. 
She may have thought of it if Linda hadn't egged her on, but she wouldn't have taken the step. Linda was responsible for how Aaron had popped Nicole's cherry! 
"Get to the point." 
Nicole spoke to Linda in a hostile and impatient manner. 
"I called you to urge you to be prepared tonight, Ms. Tabor. We will arrange for you and Gareth to meet. You just need to wait and reel it in when the time comes." 
When Linda said it, a smile was on the corners of her mouth. 
"What kind of meeting?" Nicole suddenly felt curious. 
Linda kept Nicole in suspense. "When the time comes, I'll call and let you know." 
"Let's speak later then." 
After that, Nicole hung up. 
They could have discussed a minor matter like this by text, but Linda had to call Nicole. 
Linda's actions made Nicole feel dumbstruck. 
Aaron heard everything Nicole had said. He understood everything about her and naturally knew why
she had come. He also understood her feelings for Gareth. 
However, he said nothing. 
… 
When Gareth and Elisa appeared in the casino, it was packed with people. 
Thankfully, Thomas had put in the effort to queue and get a number. He had deposited a large sum of money and booked a VIP private room. 
The moment Gareth led Elisa into the private room, Elisa noticed that Nicole was next to a man. Nicole was in a red dress with a deep V-neck. She was sensual yet charming. 
Elisa couldn't help but furrow her brows. 
She never thought that Nicole was also at the auction. 
Nicole also noticed Gareth and Elisa. She was about to greet them when Gareth put his arm around Elisa's waist and entered the room. 
It made Nicole feel disheartened. 
The two of them are clearly divorced. Why is Elisa still so shameless?! 
"Let's go in." 
As Aaron said it, he put his arm around Nicole's shoulder, wanting to lead her to the private room next door. 
Nicole wanted to slaughter him. How could she let him touch her? 
She pushed Aaron away at once reflexively. 
She berated him in a low voice, "Don't touch me!" 
At the next moment, Nicole left Aaron behind. 
Aaron followed her closely. 
"You're mine. If I can't even touch you, why would I help you unconditionally?" Aaron was slightly jealous when he thought of Nicole's gaze at Gareth. 
Nicole was the arrogant daughter of the Tabor family. 
She was already upset that she had to restrain herself and do nothing after being harassed by Aaron. 
But Aaron was now finding fault with her? 
She looked at him coldly. "I didn't ask for your help. You can leave if you're unwilling to do anything. The door is that side."
###chapter1336
CHAPTER 1336 LEGENDARY SHINING SKETCHBOOK
Nicole pointed to the door. 
Aaron could only suppress the displeasure in his heart when he saw her like that. 
No matter what, Aaron had fallen in love with her at first sight. He had to indulge her regardless of what she did. 
As for Gareth and Elisa. 
It was a private room, but the rooms were partitioned. They could still clearly see the hall downstairs while they were in their seats. 
The hall was neatly laid out to look like an auction. 
The host was ready and was waiting for the right time. 
"Did you see Nicole?" 
Elisa's gaze was slightly hesitant when she saw Gareth seated with a drink. 
Gareth knew what she was thinking about, but because of his rage from just now, he retorted, "Is she important?" 
Elisa glanced at him and said calmly, "I was just surprised she was here." 
"She isn't the only one at the auction." 
Many people were there because of the notoriety. Perhaps there were many people they knew in places they couldn't see. 
Elisa didn't say anything else. 
The auction started twenty minutes later. 
The first item up for auction was an Italian sketchbook from the 1800s. 
Although items from the 1800s were worth collecting, it was just a sketchbook. Some who had come from afar scorned such an item. 
Someone said, "Mr. Carrerra didn't come from the Middle East to see you auction off a sketchbook. Quickly auction the highlight, Ganoderma Caligo. Let's bid for that!" 
"That's right. The same goes for Mr. Dalen. Quickly take the sketchbook away. Mr. Dalen has collected countless trinkets like these!" 
Two subordinates of bigshots started to heckle offstage before the host could introduce the Italian sketchbook. 
They called something from the 1800s a trinket! 
What was considered valuable to these people? 
Some immediately exclaimed at their words. 
"You may be honored guests from afar, but do you know the rules in KKCD Casino? KKCD Casino would never auction a trinket. Which item in their auction doesn't start at millions or tens of millions? Since you're here, you better obey KKCD Casino's rules. Get out if you're trying to wreak havoc!" 
"That's right. Can you follow the sequence of events?" 
"You're spoiling the mood!" 
… 
The two big shots were criticized, and the scene was slightly noisy. There were mixed opinions from both sides. 
The host immediately stepped forward to control the scene. "Don't worry, everyone. Since the Italian sketchbook is the first thing up for auction, it naturally has a meaning. Please listen to me." 
"This Italian sketchbook is called the 'Legendary Shining Sketchbook.' Past generations who had the sketchbook came into good luck. They became rich and turned into billionaires. The Legendary Shining Sketchbook reportedly fulfills wishes. Do you know about Jake from Sycairn?" 
"I do. Jake used to be a poor and dejected beggar. He was so famished during a snow day that he almost died, but he came into good luck and suddenly got rich for some reason!" 
"How can his sudden fortune have anything to do with the sketchbook? Maybe he was just lucky. Furthermore, if the sketchbook is so lucky, why didn't the casino boss leave it for himself to make wishes? Why did he put it out for auction?" 
"It's only a myth that it can fulfill wishes, but lucky charms are real. This sketchbook used to belong to Jake. Take a look." 
After that, the host stepped to the side, and the LED screen on stage showed pictures of Jake holding the sketchbook when he was both poor and rich…
###chapter1337
CHAPTER 1337 DO YOU THINK I LACK MONEY?
"If it wasn't for this sketchbook, why didn't Jake throw it away? Jake got rich suddenly, but his career went downhill when he was fifty-nine. It was because he lost the sketchbook." 
The host spoke slowly. 
The crowd at the scene couldn't help but think it had something to do with the sketchbook when they heard it. 
But many still questioned why the KKCD boss didn't keep the sketchbook for himself when it was so amazing. 
As voices rose, the host smiled and said, "Hasn't everyone heard of this saying? A man of honor will always put the needs of others ahead of him. Such a thing should be given to someone who needs it more. With our boss' current position in Moranta, does anyone think he still needs money?" 
After that, the host signaled the people beside him with a glance. 
After a pause, the lights went out, and the scene was pitch-dark. 
The Italian sketchbook was glowing. It dimmed and gleamed in a dark green glow. If it hadn't gone on for quite some time, the crowd would have thought the casino staff had tampered with it. 
Everyone witnessed the remarkable effect of the sketchbook glowing. 
Elisa was astonished by the sketchbook and admired the wisdom of the ancient people who made it. 
"Do you want it?" 
Gareth noticed Elisa's gaze and asked her. 
"I'm just surprised. Isn't our final ive Ganoderma Caligo?" Furthermore, she didn't need money either. She didn't need the sketchbook to get richer. 
"Mm." 
After that, Gareth kept quiet. 
"If you want it, you can start bidding. The starting bid for this Italian sketchbook is fifty million. The same old rules apply. The highest bidder will get it." 
The host didn't go on introducing the Italian sketchbook. With so many people around, there must have been some who believed it. And what the casino did must also have whet their appetites. 
The first to bid was the first person to question it, Mr. Carrerra. They raised their bidding paddle. "Eighty million." 
A bid close to one hundred million immediately made many restless people stop and forget what they were doing. 
When the host called, "Eighty million, going twice," Mr. Dalen raised his bidding paddle. 
"One hundred million." 
Regardless if the sketchbook could bring wealth, Mr. Dalen was stirred because the sketchbook glowed. 
He had collected many valuables, but none were like the sketchbook before him. No… None could shine like the Italian sketchbook! 
He had to bring it back and look for people to look into it. 
Perhaps the Italian sketchbook could bring him good luck! 
Mr. Carrerra thought his first bid of eighty million was high enough. 
But he never thought that Mr. Dalen, who had questioned it with him, bid one hundred million. 
Not to be outdone, he pushed the price up by fifty million. 
Mr. Dalen refused to give up as well. 
Both started increasing their bids by twenty million as they squabbled endlessly. 
This scene made Elisa foresee the situation when Ganoderma Caligo was auctioned. 
Ganoderma Caligo was more practical than this Italian sketchbook. It could save lives. Almost seventy percent of the people at the scene had come for it. 
The bids for Ganoderma Caligo would be raised to high heaven in a while. 
She couldn't help but worry. "Gareth, I can help you with the money later, but we must clarify something. After this matter with Ganoderma Caligo ends, we'll go our separate ways. Let's not get involved in anything else." 
"Do you think I lack money?"
###chapter1338
Chapter 1338 Boost Interest
“Mm. Let’s nor talk about money. We won’t get involved in anything else either.” 
Elisa was perplexed by Gareth’s question. She paused momentarily and spoke slowly as she continued the conversation. 
Gareth stayed silent, bur Elisa assumed it was his silent acknowledgment. 
“Two hundred million.” 
Mr. Carrerra raised the bid to two hundred million. 
Meanwhile, Mr. Dalen suddenly grew agitated and spoke to his subordinates. “No matter what Mr. Carrerra bids for tonight, bid for it as well. Don’t worry about the price. I will back you up!” 
Three hundred million.” 
“Five hundred million.” 
Mr. Carrerra’s bid increased by two hundred million, and he was about to lose his temper. These wealthy bigshots would bid for anything they wanted, but if someone fought over it with them… 
It would be terrible. 
They wanted to crush each other s momentum. After all, they were rich and could afford to spend rhe money, but they couldn’t lose their reputation. 
Upon seeing Mr. Carrerra raise the bid by two hundred million, Mr. Dalen refused to back down. “Seven hundred million.” 
He called out the price while raising his bidding paddle.
He was bidding for an Italian sketchbook with a sky-high price of seven hundred million. There were still the second and third items to come… and the highlight, Ganoderma Caligo. 
Even if Mr. Carrerra was unwilling to concede, he suppressed his rage when he thought of the remaining auction items. 
Therefore, Mr. Dalen won rhe bid of seven hundred million for the Italian sketchbook. Such a rich and extravagant show of spending money immediately caused a sensation in KKCD Casino. 
The host rook rhe opportunity to launch a special discount. “Congratulations to Mr. Dalen for becoming a KKCD VIP guest. All your expenses at KKCD next month will be paid by KKCD Casino!” 
This was highly enticing to those at the scene. 
Expenses ar the casino included drinks, pretty ladies, and money to gamble. 
If Mr. Dalen was lucky, he could win while gambling. He could at least enjoy himself even if he couldn’t take the money away. 
Moreover, many guests who had come because of KKCD’s 
reputation didn’t know about KKCD’s outrageous operations about being unable to take money out. The guests were naturally very excited. 
Amid everyone’s enthusiasm, the host brought the second item for auction. 
“This is a chiefs dress shirt from the early 19th century. The starring bid for this is eighty million.” 
Everyone was astonished at this. 
I’hc 1800s and the early 19th century.
These two eras alone were enough to amaze everyone. Many people couldn’t help but think. What kind of supernatural entity is the KKCD boss? He has so many treasures on hand! 
They were surprised, especially when the host introduced rhe history and era of rhe shirr. Who wouldn’t want to keep their body from rolling after dying? 
Furthermore, even if they had no money, they could earn a pretty penny by selling the shirt’s beads in the black market. 
It seemed like rhe KKCD boss had pur down a lor of capital and auctioned off his collected treasures to boost interest for Ganoderma Caligo! 
Mr. Carrerra didn’t manage to bid for the Italian sketchbook just now, so he was determined to bid for the chief s dress shirt. 
However, not only Mr. Dalen fought over it with him. Other wealthy bigwigs bid for it as well. In less than two minutes, the bid for the chiefs dress shirt was raised to thirty billion. 
Elisa noticed something. I’hc casino boss was changing rhe starring bid for Ganoderma Caligo. The lowest bid for a shirt was eighty million, and its bid was even raised to thirty billion. 
1 he price of Ganoderma Caligo was worth much more. 
However, Gareth was indifferent and disaffected. He had an unconcerned attitude, so she didn’t say anything. 
The chief s dress shirt was bid on by a guest in rhe private VIP room 4098 for one hundred billion. The other auction items that followed didn’t make much of a splash. 
Until Ganoderma Caligo appeared…
###chapter1339
Chapter 1339 Ten Trillion
Everything was as Elisa had expected. The starting bid of Ganoderma Caligo had changed. Il was no longer one hundred million. 
It was five hundred million instead. 
Many people knew how famous it was and had come from afar to fight for rhe Ganoderma Caligo. 
It was impossible not to fall sick. Rich people wanted to live a long life and be immortal. 
“One billion!” 
The private room that had bid for rhe chief s dress shirr raised their bidding paddle. 
The private room happened to be across from Elisa and Gareth. Although the private rooms were partitioned, it was opposite them. They could see everything in the private room clearly. 
Besides a tall, dark bodyguard in a black suit, no one else could be seen in rhe private room. 
Thai ‘s not right! 
Elisa noticed a hand raising from behind the black-beaded curtain. 
The hand was in a black suit and had large joints. It was a man’s hand. 
The man didn’t reveal his face, but it couldn’t be denied that he was wealthy and powerful. 
He bought the shirt for one hundred billion and bid one billion for Ganoderma Caligo. This pressured the people at the scene, but they wouldn’t retreat because of money. 
“Two billion.” 
“Five billion.”
The bids increased in succession. 
Elisa turned to look at Gareth, who had yet to say anything. 
Shortly after, Gareth instructed Thomas to raise the bidding paddle. “Thirty billion.” 
Before the bid reached lens of billions, Gareth increased rhe offer to thirty billion. No one could deny Gareth’s confidence. However! 
He wasn’t the only wealthy person on the scene. 
As a matter of fact, the mysterious man in rhe private room across from them raised his bidding paddle again. 
“One hundred billion.” 
The bid increased by seventy billion. Everyone at the scene sighed. 
If such a situation continued, the offer for Ganoderma Caligo would be sky-high. 
“Five hundred.” 
“Six hundred.” 
“Nine hundred.” 
Nine hundred billion was Gareth’s bid. He would, of course, do whatever it took to get what Grandma needed. 
No matter where these people came from, he had no patience to continue dealing with them. 
This price did, in fact, frighten many people on the scene.
I he scene instantly went into absolute silence. 
The host started striking the gavel. “Nine hundred billion, going once…” 
“Nine hundred and fifty billion.” 
The person who raised the paddle came from private room 4098. Gareth couldn’t help but frown at the amount. 
“Ten trillion.” 
He had run out of patience. 
‘Bang’ 
The amount caused a stir in the crowd. 
Everyone looked in the direction of Gareth’s private room in succession, especially rhe person in private room 4098. 
He tore open the curtain and stood up when he heard such a figure. 
As they looked ar each other from above, Elisa noticed that the man in the private room across from them wore a silvery-white mask. The crowd downstairs cried our in surprise. 
“Isn’t that the lucky couple from three days ago? As expected from them. Lady luck is on their side.” 
“Lucky guy, do you need someone to work for you?” 
“Lucky guy, let’s get rich together!” 
Some even starred to worship Gareth on rhe spot.
The host was also astonished by such a sum. They hadn’t expected Ganoderma Caligo to reach a bid often trillion. 
As a result, the host started hammering the gavel. 
“Ten trillion, going once.” 
“Ten trillion, going twice.” 
” Ten trillion, going thrice!” 
“Sold!” 
When the host’s gavel fell, Elisa noticed that the man across them kept his gaze on them. She didn’t know’ why. 
In Elisa’s mind, the man with a silvery-white mask before her seemed to have the same face as the masked man they had met in the casino the other day…
###chapter1340
Chapter 1340 More Rules Than Usual
Are they… the same person? 
Such a thought had just streaked across Elisa’s mind when the man in a silvery-white inask turned. 
Elisa felt that regardless if it was the same person, rhe man in a silvery-white mask was more than he seemed. 
Someone knocked on the private room’s door just as she was about to tell Gareth about it. 
Gareth glanced at Thomas, and Thomas opened the door. At this time, the host was making a speech about the ending of the auction. 
But they were more concerned with who had come to look for them. 
The door opened, and a few tall men of the same height in black suits appeared before them. 
“Are you Ms. Benett? We are from KKCD Casino. Our boss wants to see you.” 
One of the darker-skinned men walked forward and said to Elisa while nodding. 
“What is it? Ask him to come here in person.” 
Gareth said coldly as he immediately wrinkled his brows. 
After meeting the man that one lime on the lop floor, he seemed rather dubious. 
He was worried about Elisa going out alone. 
Elisa also felt it was strange. They were the public enemy after gambling that day. They couldn’t take the money away, and the boss had offered no help. 
Now that they had successfully bid for Ganoderma Caligo, the boss requested to see her and only her.
Elisa immediately thought of how the casino boss had looked at her that day. 
“Didn’t you bid for Ganoderma Caligo, Mr. Wickam? If you don’t pay ten trillion in full on the spot, do you think the casino will dare to give it to you?” 
The man said fearlessly when met with Gareth’s gaze. 
Elisa agreed with him. 
“Stay back and pay the bill. I’ll take a look.” 
The boss developed the casino well in Moranta and put up such treasures to auction off. He was more than meets the 
eye. 
She decided to go and sec the boss because she wanted to see what his motives were’ 
Before Gareth could say anything, Elisa said to them, “Let’s go.” 
After that, she turned. 
Another wave of people and a few female servers appeared around them. They carried a tray with a drink on it. 
“Dear guest, according to KKCD Casino’s rules, the successful bidder has to drink this congratulatory drink, then follow us backstage to settle rhe bill. We have more privileges and benefits for you.” 
Thomas suddenly fell dumbstruck. 
Because KKCD Casino had more rules than usual. It was like a palace! However, these were the casino rules, after all.
Gareth furrowred his brows slightly as if pondering. 
Ultimately, he followed the rules and drank the drink on the tray. 
“Dear guest, please follow us.” 
A female server nodded al Gareth. 
Thomas stood up. “Mr. Wickam, why don’t I go? You can stay here and rest. Otherwise, Ms. Benett can’t find us when she returns.” 
“Mm.” 
Gareth thought about it and felt that what Thomas said made sense, so he agreed. 
Therefore, Thomas followed them to settle the bill backstage while Gareth stayed in the private room, waiting for Elisa’s return. 
In the private room next door. 
Nicole looked coldly at the person before her. She was about to erupt in rage. She said coldly, “Didn’t you say you would help me? Is this what you call helping?” 
Nicole was livid. 
She had gone through a lot of trouble to come to Moranta but accomplished nothing. Her first time going all the way had amounted to nothing! 
“I didn’t…” 
Aaron was just about to explain himself when Nicole’s cell phone rang.
###chapter1341
Chapter 1341 The Perfect Opportunity
It was a call from Linda. 
Nicole was still enraged, but she thought about how Linda had said she would arrange something tonight. But the auction had ended, and people were leaving. 
How could they meet? 
“Arc you deceiving me?” Nicole spoke unpleasantly. 
“No. I’ve arranged everything. Isn’t Gareth in the private room next to yours? He just had a spiked drink. If you go there now, won’t it be the perfect opportunity?” 
Linda’s girlish voice through the voice changer made her sound innocent. 
When Nicole heard it, her eyes immediately lit up. “Arc you sure? Are you deceiving me?” 
After all, the auction had ended. It was only standard for Nicole to question Linda. 
However, Nicole was still moved when she heard it. It would be the perfect opportunity if Linda wasn’t lying to her. That way, she could treat it as if Gareth had been the one to pop her cherry. 
Then, when their families united, everything would be just right. 
She even imagined servants surrounding her and 
respectfully calling her ‘Mrs. Wickam.’ 
She also imagined scenes where Gareth led her down the aisle while she was in a wedding dress. 
“Quickly go there while no one is around.” Linda urged Nicole. 
“Alright.”
Nicole answered. She restrained her excitement and was about to go to the private room next door. But before she could take a step, Aaron grabbed hold of her. 
Aaron looked al her with a faint smile. “Where are you going, honey?” 
Nicole’s expression changed slightly. She had deliberately spoken softly and kept some distance from him. She was sure the man didn’t hear what she said at all. 
She said coldly in a low voice, “You don’t have to worry about my affairs.” 
As she spoke, she struggled to shake his hand off. 
But men and women had different strengths. On top of Aaron’s force, Nicole couldn’t throw him off. 
Nicole was frustrated. She raised her other hand and wanted to hit Aaron. 
However, he grabbed her other hand. 
He pressed her hand down forcefully. Nicole couldn’t move at all. 
“Nicole, have I told you that I know about your motives?” 
He knew about her motives, including who she liked and her situation. 
Nicole was startled, and her expression turned nasty. 
“Gareth doesn’t even like you. By doing such a thing, you’re demeaning yourself and letting others trample over you. You won’t receive any benefits’” 
Aaron’s face was dark, and his rone was exceptionally solemn and cold. 
He chose such words because he didn’t want Nicole to be so foolish anymore.
Nicole laughed in her rage at his words. “Who do you think you are, Aaron Fawler? Who are you to criticize and preach to me here? Is what I want to do any of your business? Let go of me. Otherwise…” 
Nicole shouted. But the next moment, Aaron kissed her to stop her from screaming. 
They had relations together previously because her drink was spiked. 
This time… 
How could Nicole let Aaron do as he pleased? 
She bit him. Although it pained Aaron, he didn’t let go of her. 
‘Bang!’ 
The door was kicked open from the outside. 
Aaron was immediately startled, bur a cold expression flickered across Nicole’s face. 
“Ms. Tabor.” 
Nicole didn’t even look at the man. She said in a low voice, ‘”l ie him up.” 
Al that moment, Gareth started to realize something was wrong…
###chapter1342
Chapter 1342 Something Might Have Happened
His throat was parched, and he felt tightness in his lower abdomen. 
He felt a warmth in his heart. Although there was air conditioning in the private room, he felt hot all over. 
Under such circumstances, it was clear something was wrong with his drink. 
Gareth’s face darkened. He immediately took out his cell phone and called Jeremy. 
He was in Moranta while Jeremy was back home. There was a lime difference. 
But as it turned out, Jeremy was consulting in the hospital today. 
Jeremy wrinkled his brows slightly when he received Gareth’s call. He was somewhat surprised. “What’s up?” 
Gareth should have been sleeping in Moranta at such a time. Jeremy intuitively fell that Gareth was calling him because something was wrong, 
At the next moment, he heard Gareth speaking while gasping. “I’ve been drugged. What do I do?” 
Jeremy’s brows furrowed. How did such a careful person like Gareth get drugged? 
He used to think that no one other than Elisa could successfully drug Gareth. 
He raised his hand and asked the patient before him to wait momentarily. 
After that, he got up and walked into a cubicle. 
“How long has it been?” 
“Less than three minutes.” Gareth estimated the time.
Gareth was already gasping in less than three minutes. 
Jeremy’s frown deepened. From your breathing, you’ve been drugged with strong medicine. Aren t you with Elisa? Where is she?” 
If she isn’t around, doesn’the have Thomas with him? 
Such a drug worked quickly and usually came from rhe black market. 
Furthermore, a woman needed to fix it. Otherwise, he would lose all his energy, be drained of his blood, and die suddenly! 
“The KKCD Casino boss asked to meet her…” 
As soon as Gareth said it, his face turned dark. 
Because he had already realized that there must have been a plot to first take Elisa away, then leave him alone in the private room. 
Elisa hadn’t returned. Something might have happened to her! 
Gareth’s expression darkened. 
He couldn’t be bothered to ask Jeremy how to overcome his crisis. He hungup and called Thomas. 
“Thomas, look for Elisa at once. Something might have happened to her!” 
Gareth’s voice was hurried, and he was gasping heavily. 
This was Thomas’ first rime hearing Gareth speak in such a way. 
As someone around Gareth, Thomas naturally knew about Gareth and Elisa’s relationship.
“1’11 do it right away.” 
Thomas ended the call immediately. 
Il look some lime for ten trillion to be processed into the account. 
When the KKCD Casino staff saw that Thomas was about to leave, they immediately stopped him. 
“The money hasn’t been processed. As Gareth’s representative, arc you trying to escape before the process is complete? Why? Are you going back on your word?” 
Joseph was the one who spoke. He had lost in disgrace when gambling a few days ago. 
He was there to deal with the final process. Firstly, it was because he admired the ten trillion that was spent. Secondly, he wanted to regain his dignity! 
“Your boss asked to see Ms. Benett but hasn’t released her yet. 1 have to look for her now. Don’t worry about the money. I will instruct people to transfer it to rhe casino on time. The casino had better give us Ganodcrma Caligo as promised. We’ll come and rake it in a while!” 
Thomas frowned. He had a cold and vague expression. 
After working by Gareth’s side, the depth of Thomas fierce demeanor was noticeable, and he reflected Gareth’s swiftness and decisiveness when he worked. 
“What do you mean our boss asked to see Ms. Benett? Don’t slander us maliciously!” 
Joseph immediately retorted.
###chapter1343
CHAPTER 1343 WHY DID YOU SAVE ME?
Joseph stared at Thomas sharply, and the rage in his eyes was evident. 
To him, Thomas was just Gareth's underling. No matter how amazing Gareth was, it was because their boss was merciful! 
Gareth wouldn't have left the casino alive if their boss had held them accountable. 
Thomas' face immediately turned solemn. 
He understood that KKCD Casino was the biggest casino in Moranta. They never would have been able to reach such a stage without any influence. 
KKCD had no need to deny such things. 
Since the casino boss hadn't asked to see Elisa, it must have been someone else! 
"Thank you for letting me know. Something has happened on our end. For security purposes, we've paid one-third of ten trillion. We will pay the rest once we deal with the matter. If you don't trust me, my boss is still in the private room!" 
After that, Thomas turned and left. 
Henry was displeased with Thomas' attitude. He wanted to follow Thomas furiously, but Joseph stopped him. 
Joseph said coldly, "Don't forget what the boss told us today! Since Gareth is around, instruct people to watch all the exits!" 
"Alright." 
Henry left. 
Thomas also contacted people on his side. He started investigating from the surveillance cameras at the private room's door. 
… 
Elisa followed those people out. She just wanted to know about the casino boss' motives! 
But to her surprise, those people led her through the corridor, down the stairs, and out of the casino. 
They got into a car. 
Elisa thought the casino boss wanted to meet her somewhere else for privacy. Only when the car stopped next to a desolate, uninhabited, abandoned building did Elisa realize she had fallen into a trap! 
When Elisa realized it, she turned to leave. 
But she was surrounded by people at the next moment. 
One of the leaders said to the people around him harshly. 
"Everyone, listen up. Master said that if we successfully kill Elisa today, everyone who participated will be rewarded with five million!" 
Elisa noticed that someone behind her was holding a video camera. 
It was evident that this person not only wanted her to die but also wanted to record the process of her death. A few people were at the scene, and they would all receive five million each. 
The person's spending power couldn't be denied. 
But before she could further think about it, these people pounced at her viciously, like wild animals. 
They held daggers and guns in their hands. The conspirator behind the scenes clearly didn't want her to die quickly. 
Elisa naturally couldn't stay still and wait to be killed. She dodged, she ducked, she crouched…! 
'Bang!' 
Elisa saw that the man across from her raised his gun at her. The black barrel was aimed directly at her head. She also noticed that the man's finger was on the trigger. 
Everyone around her was attacking her. 
She heard a noise and thought she would fall. But she never imagined she wouldn't feel the pain she had expected. 
The person who fell was the man across from her. 
After that, people around her collapsed on the ground one after another. 
Elisa looked at the scene before her. There was a breeze at that moment, and she smelled a pungent stench of blood. 
She heard footsteps behind her. One step, two steps… 
When she turned to look, the awe in her eyes turned to astonishment. "It's you? Why did you save me?" 
She stared at the person before her, and her gaze was unusually hard.
###chapter1344
CHAPTER 1344 YOU BETTER NOT PROVOKE ME
"It's a coincidence." 
The man across her said indifferently. 
He was wearing a black mask. Although only his chin was revealed, he seemed apathetic. 
His dark eyes were also cold. 
Elisa saw him and the people behind him keep their guns. 
"Do you think I'll believe you?" 
Elisa suddenly sneered. 
She would have believed it was a coincidence if the man had appeared alone. 
But the man led his subordinates to deal with those who wanted to kill her. They were ruthless, decisive, and rough. 
How could it be a coincidence for him to save her with so many people as backup? 
"I happened to discover that someone wanted to harm you. Is this how you treat your savior?" Eden couldn't help but narrow his eyes. 
He stared at Elisa, who had an indifferent expression before him. 
This woman has no conscience! 
If he was any later, Irene's people would have obeyed her instructions, killed Elisa, and recorded the process of Elisa's death. 
They might have even… 
Been ruthless. Those people might have sliced her flesh apart one cut at a time and turned her into a perfect skeleton while she was still conscious! 
"You were also at the auction today, weren't you? What on earth is your ive?" 
Elisa had a grave expression. 
She knew intuitively that he was the silvery-white masked man in private room 4098! 
"Is it unusual for me to be at the auction?" 
Eden's lips curved slightly, and a wicked smile was at the corners of his mouth. 
If an ordinary person had met with such a situation, they would have been frightened out of their minds. Those who were timid might have even fainted. 
But not her. She could still question Eden with a clear mind. 
As expected, he was right about her. 
"Let me be clear. I don't care why you appeared around me and Gareth, but if you don't pull back, I promise I will drag you to the underworld with me before I die!" 
Elisa said ferociously. Her dark eyes were sharp and cold. 
After that, she left hurriedly. 
She knew full well that it had been a ruse to lure her away. Gareth must have been in a more critical position if she had met with such a dangerous situation! 
Eden watched her figure and said nothing. 
But the smile in the corners of his mouth deepened. 
However, the call that came after turned his expression cold. He reprimanded the person on the phone. "Didn't I tell you not to carry out your plan? If you kill her now, how would it benefit you?" 
He thought she had listened to what he had said. 
In the end. 
If he had arrived any later, Elisa would have been killed by her plans! 
"Then tell me, how does it benefit you by protecting Elisa now? Don't think I can't tell that you have a strong interest in her. You want to own her." 
"Heh! But you have to remember one thing. You can't control a woman like Elisa!" 
Irene first berated him coldly. 
Then, she sneered icily. 
But how would Eden allow such a person to guess his thoughts? 
"If you want your plans to triumph and if you want to successfully gain your desired position, you better not provoke me or challenge my limits!" 
After that, Eden hung up. 
Whether he could control Elisa had nothing to do with Irene. 
He didn't need anyone to tell him what to do! 
At that moment. 
Nicole was one step ahead of Elisa. She opened the door to the private room. 
She didn't see Gareth in it, but the gurgling sound of water came from the private room…
###chapter1345
CHAPTER 1345 GET LOST YOU’RE NOT HER!
"Gareth?" 
Nicole pushed the door open and walked in. 
She saw Gareth dripping wet from head to toe. His soaked shirt clung tightly to his body, and his better muscles were displayed clearly. 
At that moment, he looked… seductive. 
Gareth was aware that he was affected by the effects of the drug. Jeremy had told him that he could retain some consciousness under the shock of cold water. 
When he heard the noise, he looked in that direction. 
Nicole stood at the door under the light. 
Although Linda had told Nicole that Gareth had drunk a spiked drink and Nicole needed to move fast, she still felt panicked. 
Even if she wore a special skin mask to look precisely like Elisa for security purposes, she still had a guilty conscience. 
"Liz?" 
Gareth noticed her face. 
Under the light, her face was covered by makeup, and she looked as pretty as a picture. 
Just as Gareth called out Elisa's name, he stood up hurriedly. 
Just as his tottering figure was about to fall, Nicole rushed to him immediately. "Are you alright, Gareth?" 
It would be best if Gareth didn't recognize her with the skin mask. Then, it would be the time for her to make her move… 
"I'm going to fall, Liz…" 
Gareth's throat tightened, and he grabbed Nicole's hand. 
The drug was coming into effect. Every time it attacked him, Elisa's figure appeared in his mind. 
At that moment, Nicole's appearance governed the restless urge in Gareth's heart. 
He couldn't be bothered about anything else! 
Nicole was delighted at his touch. 
They could have such interactions when she was wearing the skin mask. After that, they could have a deeper connection! 
If they had relations, she could claim that it was her first time and make him take responsibility after she restored her appearance. Then, she could be his wife! 
When she thought about it, Nicole didn't restrain her excitement. She hugged Gareth. "Gareth, you're feeling unwell, aren't you? I can help you." 
This voice was irresistible to Gareth. 
Because of that mask, he thought Nicole was Elisa. Right now, he had utterly lost his rationale. 
However, he smelled the sharp scent of rose-scented perfume! 
Gareth suddenly awoke. 
Elisa had a faint aroma to her that smelled like peaches. It always triggered his impulses. 
She would never use perfumes of such scents! 
"Get lost. You're not her!" 
Nicole was pushed away by Gareth. 
She never anticipated that Gareth would have such an extreme reaction. 
She was pushed away, but thankfully a wall was behind her, so she didn't fall. 
But how could Nicole give up? 
She pointed at herself, feeling grieved. "Gareth, take a good look. I'm Elisa. Who else could I be?" 
As Nicole spoke, she walked to him. 
Linda said that the drink Gareth had drunk had been spiked with something from the black market. 
Men were vulnerable to the drug. She just needed to be bold! 
Nicole couldn't be bothered about anything else when she thought about it. 
She pulled down the zip on her back, and her evening gown fell to her feet. Her perfect figure was immediately displayed before Gareth. 
"Don't you miss me, Gareth?" 
Nicole spoke hoarsely while she started moving. 
After that, she quickly lunged at Gareth!
###chapter1346
CHAPTER 1346 CAN YOU COME TO YOUR SENSES?
"Scram!" 
Gareth shouted furiously. His bloodshot eyes glared fiercely. 
The drug had taken effect, clouding his senses. 
Nicole approached him sultrily. Her movements felt soothing to his eyes, like a splash of cool water. 
Elisa would never take that kind of initiative or behave in such a seductive manner. 
No one had ever shouted at Nicole as Gareth did. 
However, she had set aside her pride and dignity at this moment. She ignored her shame and removed the last piece of clothing covering her body. 
"Gareth, it's me, Elisa. I've thought things through and want us to be together again. I realize I can't stand losing you. I love you!" 
"After our divorce, I discovered other men are nothing compared to you. No one is as good as you." 
Nicole was not frightened by Gareth's outburst. Instead, she forged ahead, walking seductively in her bare feet. 
Gareth's vision blurred, but Elisa's face was unusually clear.
Moreover, Nicole's words fueled his flame and ignited his sense of possessiveness. 
Elisa is mine! It doesn't matter that we're divorced. She is still mine! 
Right when Nicole was about to succeed, a voice sounded. 
"Gareth!" 
Elisa kicked open the washroom door. 
The loud noise jolted Gareth and cleared some fog over his mind. 
He was sure he heard Elisa's voice. 
"Liz?" 
Gareth's throat felt tight and dry. He was shocked to see two Elisa before his eyes. 
Elisa was worried about Gareth's condition and rushed back to find the private lounge empty. She heard running water in the washroom and rushed there, only to find such a suggestive scene before her. 
She was annoyed. 
I shouldn't have returned and spoiled his fun! 
However, Elisa suddenly noticed that the disheveled woman opposite her had a face identical to hers. 
Elisa was sure she did not have a twin sister. 
She narrowed her eyes and asked coldly, "Who are you?" 
Nicole could not say anything and was panicking inside. 
She knew Elisa would figure out who she was if she spoke. Thus, she could do nothing except quickly gather the clothes scattered on the floor and hug them to her chest. 
Nicole risked everything to get close to Gareth and did not expect Elisa to find her in such a shameful state. She felt humiliated. 
Moreover, she knew she did not stand a chance against Elisa. Thus, she abandoned her plan and ran away. Elisa wanted to go after her, but… 
"Liz, I've been drugged…" 
Gareth's weak voice sounded behind her. Then, he fell to the floor with a loud crash. 
Elisa had no choice but to let the woman escape and turned around to check Gareth's condition. 
Just as Elisa kneeled, a familiar floral scent filled Gareth's nostrils, pushing him off the edge. 
His mind went blank. He grabbed Elisa's hand, pulled her into his embrace, and kissed her lips passionately. 
"Liz…" 
Gareth called out her name. 
He lost all self-control. 
Although Elisa was no longer repulsed by his forceful kisses, she could not help but arch her eyebrows. 
She thought Gareth had gone crazy, only to realize he was drugged. 
"Gareth, can you come to your senses?" 
Gareth bit her lips and did not stop despite her protest. 
Elisa frowned, but her expression turned cold when she touched his wrist.
###chapter1347
CHAPTER 1347 SELF-RESTRAINT
The drug in Gareth's body was not any run-off-the-mill drug. 
It was a unique drug that forced a man to mate with a woman. Otherwise, his blood pressure and heart rate readings would soar, leading to death by cardiac arrest. 
Who was that woman? 
However, Gareth grabbed Elisa's shoulder with one hand and used his other hand to pull off her clothes. He had indeed lost his mind. 
Thus, Elisa did not hesitate and pulled out the medical kit she carried with her. She took a needle from the kit and stabbed it into Gareth's arm. 
The pain briefly woke Gareth up from his trance. 
"Liz?" 
When Gareth saw two Elisa before him just now, he knew one of them was an imposter. Thus, he called out her name, hoping to determine the real Elisa through her voice. 
"Be quiet and save your energy. I'll call Thomas now," Elisa said sternly, pulling out her phone. 
Gareth will suffer if I neutralize the drug in his body through medication. 
But people like him… 
If I find him a woman… I must be crazy to even think about this! 
Gareth did not speak but quietly watched Elisa kneeling before him. 
Thomas soon answered Elisa's call. "Ms. Benett…" 
Thomas had been searching for Elisa. He had been to every exit point and their surroundings and even dispatched people to look for her. Still, she was nowhere to be found. 
He was on the verge of panic when Elisa finally called. 
After all, Gareth had ordered him to find her. He would be in trouble if he failed. 
However, Elisa interrupted Thomas, "Thomas, we are still in the same private lounge in KKCD Casino. I need you to get me some medicine and a big tub." 
Thomas could sense the urgency in her tone. 
Although he agreed to her request readily, he could not help but be puzzled and wonder what she was up to. 
Elisa did not have time to explain and hung up straight away. She immediately messaged Thomas about the medicine she needed. 
She could not leave Gareth because she must treat his condition immediately. Otherwise, he might die of cardiac arrest. 
They had been husband and wife. Thus, she could not bear to abandon him now. 
Moreover, she could not stand there and do nothing when a person's life was at risk in her presence. 
Thomas gripped his phone and ordered people to search the nearby pharmacies. 
Meanwhile, Gareth noticed how beautiful Elisa looked before his eyes. Her skin was white as snow, and her figure was alluring. She was mesmerizing even when focused and serious. 
"Liz…" 
Gareth called her name again. His voice grew hoarser than before. 
He was on the verge of losing control. 
Elisa inserted a needle into his vein, prompting Gareth to furrow his brow. Although his mind was clear, his body felt unbearable. 
"Gareth, you must resist. Thomas will soon arrive with the medicine." 
Gareth shut his eyes and answered gruffly, "Sure." 
He understood what Elisa meant. She was willing to help him, but she would never offer him her body to help him satiate the effects of the drug. 
Gareth was now able to think rationally. Since Elisa was unwilling, he would not force her. 
Therefore, whenever Gareth was on the verge of losing control, he would ask Elisa to prick him with a needle. Then he would stand under the tap, let cold water run down his head, and drench his body. He kept doing this to keep his mind alert. 
Elisa knew the drug was potent and saw Gareth struggling with the effects. Yet, he retrained himself with all his might and never attempted to touch her. 
She was impressed with his willpower. 
Suddenly, some kicked open the private lounge's door.
###chapter1348
Chapter 1348 Do You Wish To Stay Aive?
Elisa's expression turned cold. 
Who appears in such an uncivilized manner at this moment? 
"Gareth, I will insert a few needles into your skin. It will be painful, but you must bear it. I will go out and see who's here." 
With that, Elisa moved quickly and applied a few needles to the veins that would keep him awake. 
Then, she left the washroom. 
Unbeknownst to her, Gareth watched her with a dark and mysterious gaze. 
Elisa soon returned to the private lounge. 
She saw Joseph had brought a gang of people with him. They were big and intimidating, especially Henry, who stood before Joseph. 
She knew Henry bore deep hatred for her when they gambled earlier and came here to cause trouble. Thus, she was not surprised to see him glaring at her. 
"What's the matter?" Elisa asked indifferently. 
"You dare to ask us what the matter is? Don't you know what you and Gareth did?" 
Henry shouted and glared daggers at her. 
Elisa and Gareth had done two things in the casino. They had made enemies while gambling. Then, Gareth offered ten trillion and won the bid for Ganoderma Caligo at the auction. 
"Haven't we told you someone from our side will deal with you regarding this?" 
Elisa arched her eyebrows and looked at him coldly. 
Why are the people in this casino so troublesome? 
I have neither the time nor patience to deal with them. 
"Deal with us? You have only paid a third of the price, yet you plan to take Ganoderma Caligo away? Are you even able to pay? How dare you show off at the auction when you don't have money?" 
Henry's words were threatening. 
However, Elisa looked at him indifferently and replied, "I know you're loyal to him, but shouldn't you ensure you'll survive?" 
Elisa knew Henry was Joseph's mouthpiece. 
"You!" 
Henry was so furious that he rushed to hit Elisa. 
However, Elisa sneered and kicked Henry's knee, causing him to fall and groan in pain. 
Although Elisa did not fight back when they gambled, it did not mean she was weak. 
She ignored the thug and focused on Joseph instead. "I will only discuss this matter with you. Are you willing to listen?" 
Henry's expression darkened after Elisa disregarded him completely. 
However, before he could say anything, Joseph answered, "Let's hear it." 
Elisa explained solemnly, "We have good reasons for what we're doing and won't delay your time. However, we ask that you give us some time." 
"We will pay the bid. Once our people are here, they will deal with you directly. However, if you refuse to believe and offend us, we will choose to forfeit Ganoderma Caligo. Then, what makes you think anyone will be stupid enough to pay ten trillion for something we toss aside?" 
She knew it was pointless to talk to Henry about these things. 
Joseph remained silent. 
He could not deny that what Elisa said made sense. People would think it was fake if they did not sell
Ganoderma Caligo for ten trillion. 
That would lead to severe losses for the casino. 
He could never do something that caused the casino a considerable loss. 
"I have to deal with something first, but don't worry. We will remain here as guarantors. However, I won't tolerate anyone getting in our way!" 
Elisa glared at Joseph fiercely before turning around to go into the washroom. 
As she was about to push the door…
###chapter1349
Chapter 1349 I Won't Collaborate with You
'Squeak…' 
Thomas opened the door and entered the private lounge. 
He seemed hurried as he led four people carrying a large bathtub into the room. 
Then, he noticed Joseph and Henry and instantly understood why they were there. However, Joseph and Henry could not figure out what Thomas and the others were doing. 
"What are you doing?" 
Joseph took a step forward. 
His words prompted Elisa to smirk. 
Henry is no doubt loyal to Joseph. 
"We have some matters to deal with, and I need you to bring hot water here. Don't worry. We will pay for our use of this room." 
After saying that, Elisa turned around and left. 
Henry wanted to say something, but Joseph immediately stopped him. 
Thomas signaled his subordinates with a glance. 
The subordinates immediately carried the bathtub into the washroom. 
"Let's go. I will be dealing with you concerning the ten trillion auction bid and the venue rental fees," Thomas said coldly. 
He understood Joseph and Henry's concern as the matter involved an astronomical sum. 
However, they had gone overboard with threats, leaving a bad taste in Thomas' mouth. 
He was disgusted with them. 
Joseph did not speak but glanced at his subordinates, prompting them to retreat. Then, he led Thomas to the back of the casino. 
Meanwhile, Elisa returned to the washroom to find Gareth's forehead covered with sweat. His face was flushed, and his eyes were bloodshot. 
One could see how severe his condition was. 
Elisa did not dare to delay and rushed to fill the tub with water and prepare the medicine. 
Then, she pulled Gareth's clothes open and urged, "Gareth, you need to get in the tub now. I will change the water again after forty minutes!" 
Although it would be long and arduous, a medicated bath was the best method to force the drug out of his system. 
"Gareth, please bear a little more. Thomas is here to pay that ten trillion bid. Once you get through this, we can bring that Ganoderma Caligo home to save Grandma!" Elisa encouraged Gareth. 
"Sure," Gareth grunted hoarsely. 
She is here. 
I need to persist because she is here. 
I can't let her look down on me. 
I still need her to answer my questions! 
… 
Meanwhile, Nicole ran out of the casino, putting on clothes as she ran. She rushed into a car. 
Her clothes were a mess, but lucky for her, she still wore a mask of Elisa's face. It meant Elisa would be the one humiliated. 
She even thought of getting filmed and sending the video to reporters. 
Still, she was furious that her plan had failed. She still recalled how Elisa had looked at her with
contempt when she caught her red-handed. Her stare triggered Nicole's fury. 
Nicole could not hold back her anger and called Linda. 
"How was it?" 
Linda thought Nicole had succeeded. After all, it had been quite some time. 
However, Nicole scolded furiously, "How could you do this to me? Didn't you promise me a perfect time with him? Why did Elisa appear?" 
"What did you say? Elisa showed up?" 
Linda's face turned sullen. She stood up agitatedly. 
Before this, Linda learned that Elisa had been moved out of the way. 
"What the heck? How could you botch this up? If I wasn't careful, you could have ruined my reputation!" 
"I won't collaborate with you ever again!" Nicole said and hung up without another word.
###chapter1350
Chapter 1350 I Don't Know That Man
"Send me to the hotel," Nicole sternly ordered the driver. 
The driver asked Nicole, "Ms. Tabor, what should we do about the man captured from the casino?" 
Nicole had forgotten entirely about Aaron until the driver reminded her. 
She narrowed her eyes and instructed, "Bring him to me." 
He was no help during the auction and even stole my virginity. I will make him pay! 
… 
Thomas returned when Gareth soaked in the medicated bath for the third time. 
He brought the Ganoderma Caligo Gareth had spent ten trillion on and news for Gareth and Elisa. 
"Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, KKCD Casino will be holding a ball in three days at ten o'clock as appreciation for the guests and to celebrate the successful completion of the auction. Here's the invitation." 
With that, Thomas showed Gareth and Elisa a black card with gold embossments. 
Elisa could not help but frown as she looked at the black invitation card. 
Ordinary people would have issued bright-colored invitations, but KKCD Casino was determined to be different and made it all black. 
"Will you be going?" 
Elisa pushed aside her thoughts and looked at the sweat-drenched Gareth. He sat in the tub with his eyes shut. 
Although his body cleared most of the drug after soaking in medicated baths three times, some residue remained in his bloodstream. Therefore, he needed to take medication. Moreover, his pulse was weak after being constantly battered by the effects of the drug. 
He was too weak to travel long distances. 
"KKCD Casino requires everyone at tonight's auction to attend the ball." 
Gareth did not answer but widened his eyes. His pupils seemed cold as a frozen lake. 
Then, Thomas said something else. 
Elisa found the invitation laughable. "No matter how big a casino is, it is still just a casino." 
He's not the president of Moranta. What right does he have to require everyone at the auction to attend the banquet? 
Thomas had also wanted to laugh and felt a sense of derision when Joseph told him this requirement. 
However, what Joseph said later changed his mind. "My boss organized this ball as an appreciation.
Moreover, he will announce something during the ball. I believe all of you will be interested to hear the announcement." 
Thomas repeated Joseph's words to Gareth and Elisa. 
That instantly piqued their interest. 
What will the owner of KKCD Casino announce? Why did he think we would be interested in it? 
"I'll attend the ball. You can wait for me in the hotel if you're not going. After all, you're not ready to take a long flight yet." Elisa was interested in attending the ball. 
"Let's delay our return for a few days. I will attend the ball with you." 
Gareth spoke slowly. His voice turned hoarse after suppressing it for so long. 
He felt uneasy letting Elisa attend anything alone. 
At this moment, Gareth suddenly remembered that Elisa had been sent away. 
"Was it the owner of KKCD Casino who asked to see you?" 
Gareth furrowed his brow. 
"No, someone wanted to kill me, but a masked man saved me," Elisa answered honestly about what had happened. 
She could not help but shudder as she recalled how the perpetrators surrounded her. 
Her fear was understandable as she nearly died. 
She was suddenly surrounded by a group of people wishing her harm. They would have stabbed her to death if not for the masked man! 
Gareth did not speak but stared at her quietly. 
Elisa felt a little uncomfortable under his gaze. "Can you not look at me like this? I don't know that man."
###chapter1351
Chapter 1351 He Can't Afford to Be Picky
There seemed to be some indiscernible emotions in his gaze. 
Elisa and Gareth had divorced. Thus, he would not dare to look at her with such emotions, no matter the man she interacted with. Otherwise, it would look like he questioned her about her relationship with the man. 
Elisa had no idea who the masked man was. 
The masked man did not reveal his identity to her. Moreover, Elisa was worried about getting him into trouble, so she did not seek him out to ask questions. 
"I was only curious." 
Even Gareth was surprised by his response. 
Am I… explaining? 
"I'm curious too. Thomas, can you help me to investigate? There was a masked person near Gareth and me when we were playing cards." 
"I suspect he's the man in private lounge number 4098. Can you see if you can discover his identity?" 
The man concealed his face and suddenly appeared near them. 
Elisa believed it was planned beforehand and not merely a coincidence. 
"Sure, I will assign someone to investigate immediately." Thomas nodded without hesitation. 
He felt self-conscious in their presence and retreated from the washroom. 
Then, Elisa and Gareth were left alone in the washroom again. 
Elisa could not leave yet. She needed to keep a close watch on Gareth. Once he finished the final soak, she needed to give him an injection before leaving the casino. 
Neither of them spoke. Gareth observed her quietly and noticed her fair skin and alluring figure. 
He was lucky that she returned to him when he was drugged. Otherwise, he would be in serious trouble. 
Gareth had no idea when his hatred for her had disappeared. There's still a misunderstanding between us. It's mostly… 
His gaze flickered as he pushed the thought away. 
Time passed slowly as they stayed in the narrow washroom. Elisa could not stand the awkward atmosphere and played a game on her phone. 
Suddenly, Gareth's hoarse voice sounded. "The bath is cold…" 
"Sure." Elisa put her phone away and continued, "Can you stand up? I'll help you to…" 
Elisa instructed him to stand up, but she blushed and looked to the other side when he did. It was because his wet clothes clung tightly to his body. 
Oh no! 
I forgot to ask Thomas to buy him a change of clothes! 
"Erm… You should soak a little more. I'll ask Thomas to get you clothes. I'll give you an injection after you wear new clothes," Elisa said awkwardly. 
"Why? Didn't you treat me while my clothes were like this just now?" 
Gareth frowned slightly in confusion. 
"That was an emergency, and I needed to act urgently to stop the drug from taking effect. Since you're much better now, I can't let you walk out of here naked, right?" Elisa asked in response to his question. 
Then, she left the washroom before Gareth could say anything. 
Thomas looked troubled the instant Elisa requested him to buy clothes for Gareth. "Ms. Benett, it's one in the morning. All department stores are closed. Moreover, traveling back and forth between the hotel and this place will take…" 
Elisa's expression sank upon hearing Thomas, but her eyes suddenly brightened again. "In that case… you should ask the casino staff for their uniform!" 
"I don't think that's a good idea. You know what Mr. Wickam is like." 
Mr. Wickam would never wear such low-quality clothes, especially a casino uniform! 
"What choice do we have then? It's not the time for him to be picky." 
Their priority was to keep him alive and leave the casino safely. 
"Ms. Benett, from what I understand about Mr. Wickam, he would never wear a uniform. I should return to the hotel and bring his clothes here." Thomas sighed softly. 
However, Elisa was keenly aware that it would take three hours for a return journey between the casino and the hotel. It was now one in the morning, so it would already be dawn when Thomas returned with clothes for Gareth.
###chapter1352
Chapter 1352 They Were Being Followed
Elisa extended her hand and stopped Thomas. 
Then, she pursed her lips and said, "You should find a uniform for him. If he refuses to wear it, you can stay here to keep him company." 
She was unwilling to stay the night in this strange casino. 
"Sure…" 
Although Thomas was hesitant, he relented after seeing the determination in Elisa's eyes. 
He soon found a uniform and handed it to Elisa. "Ms. Benett, please give it to Mr. Wickam." 
He pushed the task to her. 
Elisa glanced at him with annoyance before taking the uniform and entering the washroom. 
The medicated bath had now turned cold. 
"I forgot to ask Thomas to buy you clothes, so this is the only one we have. If you refuse to wear it, you can stay in this casino with Thomas." 
Elisa offered Gareth the clothes, but he did not take it from her. 
He arched his eyebrows and asked, "What about you?" 
"I'm going back to the hotel." 
"I'll send you." 
Gareth knew it was late. 
He was not concerned about troubling Thomas and was instead worried about her safety. 
After all, he needed her to create the most effective medicine using Ganoderma Caligo and cure his grandmother as soon as possible. 
Therefore, he accepted the clothes without protest. 
Seeing his compliance, Elisa said, "Don't button up yet. I'll give you an injection." 
Then, she turned away to give him privacy. 
"I'm done." 
Gareth was soon done putting on the clothes. 
Elisa turned around upon hearing him. 
She administered an injection like she was experienced. Even the sight of his bare abs before her eyes did not fluster her a bit. 
At this moment, Gareth was only a patient to her. 
She completed the injection and turned away, saying, "You have to take medication for three days and refrain from consuming alcohol and tea." 
"Sure." 
Gareth did not find her restrictions difficult to comply with. 
"Let's go." Elisa put the syringe back into her medical kit and walked ahead. Gareth followed her. 
Thomas was stunned to see Gareth walking behind Elisa, dressed in the casino staff uniform. 
He could not believe his eyes. 
How did she get such a stubborn man to comply with her? 
It seems Mr. Wickam will bear the discomfort for Ms. Benett's sake. This shows that their relationship has grown closer. 
Thomas was glad about this. 
However, Gareth seemed to be in a bad mood. 
He had never worn such coarse clothes and felt uncomfortable all over his body. The clothing material even made his skin itch. 
Still, he had no choice but to bear with it. 
Before leaving the private lounge, Elisa stopped Gareth and took the pack of Ganoderma Caligo from Thomas. 
Then, she indicated to Thomas to turn off the light. 
Five minutes later, they left the private lounge and exited the casino. 
Unbeknownst to them, someone observed them leaving the casino and entering their cars. 
A group of people sat in a black van hidden in a corner. One of them turned to the man in the front passenger seat and asked, "Boss, they are here. Should we act now?" 
They had been observing for a long time and finally saw Elisa and the others leaving the casino. 
The man in the front passenger seat answered solemnly, "Not yet. If we act in front of KKCD Casino, everyone will think KKCD robbed them. If this happens, do you think they will let us live? Are you willing to lose your life over that Ganoderma Caligo?" 
Then, he snuffed out the cigarette and ordered the driver beside him. "Drive and follow that car!" 
"Understood!" 
… 
"Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, someone is following us!" 
Thomas noticed a van trailing their car. This was why Gareth kept Thomas as his assistant all these years. 
Thomas was not only capable but had sharp observation skills.
###chapter1353
Chapter 1353 Precautions
"Seems like we got ourselves a stalker. Thomas, can you check where the nearest police station is?" 
Elisa smirked and smiled deviously. 
Thomas turned on the navigation system. 
It turned out the nearest police station was only five minutes away. Moreover, their hotel was in the city center, so the road to the hotel would always have a decent amount of traffic. 
Furthermore, each road was fitted with surveillance cameras. Whenever their stalkers tried to attempt something, they had to make a turn, or a car would come in from the opposite direction. 
The stalkers knew openly shooting on a busy street would attract the police's attention. That was why they could not do anything. 
They were so focused on finding the right opportunity to act that they did not realize they had followed Thomas to the police station. 
"D*mn it! Boss, I didn't expect them to be prepared. They have discovered us, and we can't act against them now. Even if we do, I don't think that pack of Ganoderma Caligo is with them!" 
The driver made an emergency U-turn and caused the van to drift. 
The men in the car were caught unaware and fell to the side. 
Their leader's expression darkened when he realized they had been tricked. 
They had been observing Gareth and Elisa for a long time and did not expect to be fooled. 
The subordinate's words reminded the leader. If Gareth and Elisa don't have Ganoderma Caligo, they must have hidden it in the private lounge when they shut the lights for five minutes. 
With that in mind, he urged, "Quick! Return to the casino now! Ganoderma Caligo is in the private lounge!" 
Therefore, they turned around and sped toward KKCD Casino. 
Meanwhile, Thomas drove the car to the police station. The police officer at the entrance saw them and came over with a gun. 
Thomas got out of the car to deal with them. 
In less than two minutes, the police officer let them leave. 
Seeing that the van had stopped following them, Thomas could not help but be impressed with Elisa. "Ms. Benett, you're brilliant. They must have returned to the private lounge to search for Ganoderma Caligo. However, they won't find it and will get into trouble with the casino owner!" 
"It's always good to take extra precautions." 
Initially, Elisa wanted to bring Ganoderma Caligo to the hotel, but she remembered something before leaving the private lounge. 
Since unknown strangers wanted her dead, someone must have already targeted Ganoderma Caligo, which cost ten trillion. Who wouldn't want something so valuable? 
Therefore, Elisa took extra precautions. 
After leaving the casino, Thomas soon noticed someone following them. 
They were lucky this time and used a busier road to get to the hotel. If they had chosen a lesser-used route, their stalkers would have attacked them. Then, even Elisa's precautions were useless. 
Elisa and the others needed to move to a different hotel and up their security before the stalkers got into trouble with the casino. 
Gareth remained silent all this while. 
He looked at Elisa with astonishment in his eyes. 
He ignored her previously, but once he paid more attention to her, he realized she was amazing in many ways. 
"Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, I have a suggestion." 
Thomas' words interrupted Gareth's thoughts. He permitted Thomas to speak. "Let's hear it." 
Elisa remained silent and did not . 
After a brief pause, Thomas said, "Ms. Benett, how will you use Ganoderma Caligo? Can you grind it to
powder? Judging from the present situation, we won't be able to leave Moranta for some time. At the same time, we can't let anyone snatch Ganoderma Caligo from us." 
"It can be boiled down or ground into powder form to mix with other medicine." 
Thomas' question prompted Elisa to consider the matter.
###chapter1354
Chapter 1354 They Were Tricked
"Your suggestion is good, but we are in danger." 
Elisa prepared a plan based on Thomas' suggestion. 
Enemies now targeted them and would intercept anything they sent out. Thus, it was impossible to deliver Ganoderma Caligo back home by courier. 
However, if they were to grind it to powder, they would not be able to pass airport security. 
Her words prompted Thomas and Gareth to consider the matter seriously. 
Before they could devise a plan, Elisa calmly proposed, "Isn't KKCD Casino having a ball soon? We can ask the casino owner for help." 
Gareth grunted and thought her idea could work. 
Since Gareth implicitly agreed to the plan, Thomas had nothing more to say. 
Soon, the car arrived at the hotel. 
Elisa took off her high heels and wore bathroom slippers before entering the bathroom. 
Gareth looked at her back profile. Memories of her alluring figure appeared clearly in his mind. 
He gulped and quickly cleared those thoughts. 
He thought it was the after-effect of the drug and left for the other bathroom. 
… 
Meanwhile, the atmosphere was tense in the opulent casino. 
Joseph caught the gang of men who had breached into the private lounge to search for Ganoderma Caligo. Numerous guns were pointed at them. 
He narrowed his eyes and looked at them viciously, "What were you all up to? Were you trying to tear down the casino?" 
The gang of men began to panic. Only their leader managed to get his act together. He took a deep breath and explained, "We are here to find something in this room." 
They disguised themselves as customers and entered the casino before sneaking into the private lounge to search for the item. None of them expected the staff to be watching them the moment they got in. 
The owner of KKCD Casino was not someone they could mess with. They did not want to worsen the matter. 
Joseph heard the explanation and laughed. "These private lounges are only open during the auction. You are not sent here by Gareth and Elisa, right?" 
Joseph instantly guessed who they were from their reactions. His words grew harsh and derisive. 
"Don't you realize how stupid you all are? Why would they leave Ganoderma Caligo here for you to find?" 
The gang of men's expressions blanched upon hearing Joseph. They realized they had been tricked. 
"I'm sorry. It's our fault. We are willing to compensate KKCD Casino for any inconvenience caused." 
The leader bowed his head in apology. 
However, Joseph could not be bothered with him. "Scram and pass this message to your master. Even if he desires to steal Ganoderma Caligo, make sure he does it outside Moranta. I don't care who your master is. If he dares to involve my boss in this, he better wish he was dead first!" 
Joseph warned threateningly. 
The leader could only agree fervently. After all, the owner of KKCD casino was too powerful for them to cross. 
In the end, the five of them could not steal Ganoderma Caligo from Gareth and Elisa and were threatened by Joseph. They returned to their master after leaving KKCD Casino, only to be punished severely. 
Their master gave them fifteen lashes each, yelling as he whipped them, "Id*ots!" 
"What's the point of keeping you all with me? You are all good for nothing and a useless stash of trash. You can't even do such a simple task properly!" 
"Listen carefully. You have only three days. If you don't bring me that Ganoderma Caligo, don't hope to get your antidote for this month. Furthermore, I will castrate every man in your family and send all your women to the brothel!" 
###chapter1355
Chapter 1355 Acting a Role
The five men were stunned with fear. 
How could they not be afraid when given such a severe threat? 
They were covered in wounds and bruises, but no one dared to cry out in pain. Instead, they huddled together pitifully. 
One of them, a chubby man, could no longer stand the fear. He wiped the blood from his nose and suggested, "Boss, we all heard what the master said. Now, we not only have to save ourselves but protect our family. What about we disguise ourselves as attendants and drug their food? Then, we can steal that thing." 
Their leader's expression darkened severely. He could not suppress the frustration and nervousness in his heart even after smoking a few cigarettes. "Steal? Didn't you hear what that man at the casino said? If we steal the item, Gareth and Elisa will go to the casino and accuse them of theft. Then, people from the casino will come looking for us. We will only be dooming ourselves!" 
His words silenced the rest of the men. 
A minute later, another person said solemnly, "Gareth is not in the condition to travel for now. We should make the most of this period and snatch the thing from him. Otherwise, are we going to wait until they leave the country? Even if they blame the theft on the casino, and people from the casino come looking for us, our master will have already gotten that Ganoderma Caligo. Even if we were to die, our families would be safe, right? From what I know, the owner of KKCD Casino won't be so vicious as to harm our families!" 
"Terry is right. We should infiltrate the casino as attendants and drug Gareth and Elisa. That will push all the blame to the casino!" 
Their leader sighed and replied, "Let's see whether we can get through the casino's security with our disguise." 
That was their only option for now. 
… 
Meanwhile, Nicole ordered her staff to arrange a private plane for her to leave the country with Aaron. 
Suddenly, she received a message from Linda on Whatsapp. 
'Nicole, we still have a chance. KKCD Casino will be having a ball in three days.' 
Since Linda says we still have a chance, it means Gareth and Elisa will attend the ball. 
The thought reignited Nicole's determination and renewed her hatred for Elisa. 
She immediately called Linda. 
Linda saw Nicole's call and knew Nicole had seen her message. Thus, she went straight to the point. "Although we failed this time, we will succeed in three days. Don't worry about it." 
Nicole's expression turned stern, and her eyes flashed with cruelty. "I will only trust you one last time. If you fail this time, I will never collaborate with you again. Furthermore, I will bring you down!" 
Nicole hated deception the most. 
She also detested being played like a fool. 
"Okay! I guarantee you will be satisfied this time," Linda replied confidently. We don't have many chances left. Elisa must die! 
On the other hand, Aaron was confined in a small dark house. He was tied to a cross and looked disheveled. 
"Goodness! Who would have known one of the most eligible bachelors in Moranta would be reduced to a prisoner? Won't it be humiliating if word spread out about this?" 
Aaron's eyes were shut. He could hear a sinister laugh approaching him. 
He frowned slightly and turned his head in the direction of the voice. A man in a black bodyguard suit walked in from the door with hands in his pockets. 
The man wore a hat, but the exposed purple hair instantly informed Aaron that he was no ordinary bodyguard. Moreover, the man's playful smile instantly revealed to Aaron the man's identity beneath the hyper-realistic face mask. The mask could not conceal his arrogance, deviousness, and unrestrained demeanor. 
"Mr. Osborne, the heartless playboy. Aren't you also playing a role?" 
###chapter1356
Chapter 1356 This Is a Good Opportunity
Aaron sneered and retorted immediately. 
However, his words did not bother Mr. Osborne at all. 
Mr. Osborne laughed mockingly. "Didn't I come here to find you? Mr. Fawler, I'm curious. You're the heir to the most prominent family in Moranta. Why do you willingly let yourself be tied here by a foreign woman?" 
Aaron scoffed coldly, "What do you know? This is true love." 
Aaron knew what he was implying. 
However, he did not care what anyone thought about his actions. 
He was willing to bear such minor annoyance to convince Nicole to trust him. 
"True love? Does true love involve sadomasochism? Mr. Fawler, your taste has gotten intense." Mr. Osborne snorted, hinting at something. 
But Aaron was not interested in playing along. 
He scrunched his face with annoyance and looked at Mr. Osborne coldly, "Your purple hair is too glaring. Get out of my sight and make sure no one sees you. Don't ruin my plan!" 
"Okay then. I won't bother your plan." 
Mr. Osborne chuckled and left the small and dark house. 
Mr. Osborne snorted the moment he stepped outside. 
He could see that Aaron was in serious trouble. 
However, he would let Aaron experience it himself. After all, Aaron was still unaware of everything. 
… 
Elisa woke up early the following morning. She immediately contacted Thomas and instructed him to get medicine and breakfast. 
Gareth was exhausted from the effects of the drug last night. 
Moreover, Elisa had turned on the aromatherapy diffuser to help him sleep better. 
Thus, he slept soundly until the ringing phone woke him up. 
Gareth looked at the caller ID and rubbed his brow. Then, he greeted hoarsely, "Grandma." 
Julia instantly noticed how hoarse and tired he sounded. She frowned and asked worriedly, "Gareth, are you okay?" 
"I didn't sleep well." 
Gareth glossed over the matter. 
Julia did not believe him and replied coldly, "I want to talk to Liz. Can you pass the phone to her? If not, I'll call her myself." 
She did this to create more chances for Gareth and Elisa to interact. She felt they had not communicated or interacted enough. 
Gareth could not say no to Julia and had no choice but to get up and find Elisa. 
He only took a few steps when he sensed the smell of medicine. 
Soon, he arrived in the living room to find Elisa brewing medicine. 
She seemed so focused that Gareth was reluctant to disturb her. 
Elisa looked up and saw him. "You're up. You should eat breakfast and take this medicine." 
The word 'medicine' prompted Julia to panic. "Gareth, you have better be honest with me. What's wrong with you?" 
She knew something was wrong when she heard his voice. 
"I fell sick. Didn't you say you want to talk to her?" Gareth had a headache and handed the phone to Elisa. 
Elisa immediately understood what was going on when he gave her the phone. 
If she had known he was on a call with Julia, she would never have said those words to him. 
Julia was elderly and cared immensely about Gareth. She would worry if anything happened to Gareth, and the anxiety would adversely affect her condition. 
"Grandma." 
"Liz, you must tell me. Why is Gareth suddenly ill? Did he start drinking again?" 
Although Julia was furious that Gareth did not care for his health, she had another idea. 
Since Gareth is ill, isn't this an excellent opportunity to bring them closer?
###chapter1357
Chapter 1357 You Should Come and See Me
"No, he didn't, Grandma. He didn't go drinking. The medication is for his gastric issues. It's to prevent their recurrence." 
Elisa did not want Julia to worry and had no choice but to lie. 
"Is that so?" Julia was not entirely convinced. 
Elisa chuckled and sounded lighthearted as she said, "Grandma, how can I ever lie to you?" 
"Oh dear, I must have been flustered from worry." Julia laughed and continued, "Liz, thank you for doing this. You married him, so you know what he's like. He may seem harsh, but he doesn't mean it. I can't help but worry about him since I'm not with him. Please help me take good care of him." 
Julia sighed after saying that. 
Elisa's gaze flickered. Married him… 
Still, Elisa understood what Julia was getting at and did not dwell on the matter. Instead, she promised, "Grandma, don't worry. I will take care of him." 
"I have nothing to worry about then. When will you be back? I will cook up a feast and send someone to pick you up at the airport." Julia thought it was an excellent opportunity to care for Elisa and Gareth and bring them closer. 
After all, it was possible to mend a broken relationship. 
"We will be back in four days. I will inform you once we confirm our flight. Grandma, you should rest and take your medicine. I will see you when I'm back." 
"Sure, sure. I will wait for you two to come home. Please be careful, okay? I heard it's not quite safe there," Julia said gently. 
Elisa was warmed by her concern and smiled sincerely. "We will, Grandma. Don't worry, and wait for us to come home." 
"Sure." 
After chatting for a while, Elisa finally hung up. 
Then, she gave the phone back to Gareth. 
Gareth furrowed his brow as he accepted the phone. "Will I recover after taking medicine for three days?" 
"Yes," Elisa replied, but her phone rang before she could say anything else. 
It was an unknown number with Moranta's area code. She hesitated for a while before answering it. 
The caller did not wait for her to speak and said straightaway, "Elisa Benett, do you wish to know who tried to kill you last night?" 
Elisa's expression turned cold the instant the caller said her full name. 
It was because she realized the voice belonged to the masked man who had saved her last night. 
"Rather than knowing who wished to kill me, I'm more curious about your identity and purpose," Elisa responded coldly, furrowing her brow. 
Elisa was distracted by worries about Gareth last night. Otherwise, she would have exposed his identity. 
Gareth's gaze gradually turned stern. 
However, he remained silent. 
"My identity is not important. What's important is that you should know who tried to kill you. Come find me at this location if you wish to know." 
The man hung up right after that. 
Soon, Elisa received a message on her phone. 
Her face turned stern as she looked at the address. 
Gareth looked at her and knew she had decided. 
"You can't go," Gareth said coldly. 
Elisa frowned and considered briefly before replying calmly, "I have to go. I need to find out who tried to kill me and who this person is. He wouldn't have saved me last night if he had wished to harm me.
Since he asked to meet, he likely wants something in exchange." 
In life, everything comes with a price to pay. No one does something for another person for free unless they are family or lovers. 
However, I don't know the masked man, and I'm pretty sure he's not in love with me. 
Gareth's expression darkened, but he knew no one could stop Elisa once she had decided. 
Thus, he said solemnly, "It's dangerous for you to go alone." 
"Thomas can go with me then," Elisa interrupted before Gareth could speak further. 
Gareth's expression darkened. He did not retort. 
Thomas noticed Gareth's unhappiness and said, "Ms. Benett, why not let Mr. Wickam accompany you?"
###chapter1358
Chapter 1358 Impatience
Gareth remained silent and kept staring at Elisa. 
Elisa refused to let Gareth accompany her and replied sternly, "He's still weak and is not in the condition to go with me." 
"Breakfast is over there, and the medicine is ready. Thomas, let's go." 
Elisa nodded at Thomas and ignored Gareth. 
Thomas turned to Gareth to gauge his reaction. 
Gareth looked stern and uncompromising as steel. His gaze was cold. 
Suddenly, he said, "Follow her closely and make sure nothing happens to her." 
"Yes, Mr. Wickam," Thomas answered and did not dare to be careless. 
Then, he set out with Elisa to the address provided by the masked man. It was a café around thirty-five kilometers from their hotel. 
The masked man only gave the café name and address. As Elisa was about to call him and ask where he was seated, she suddenly noticed the masked man sitting facing the main entrance, waving at her. 
He wore a different mask this time. It had gold and black patterns. He also wore a black shirt, formal pants, and leather shoes. 
On the whole, he seemed cruel and indifferent, like a powerful emperor. 
"I will only talk to you alone." 
Eden's expression darkened when he noticed Thomas standing behind Elisa. He pursed his lips and was displeased. 
Elisa turned to Thomas and said, "You can wait for me outside." 
"But…" Thomas was worried. 
Elisa looked at Eden calmly. "Since you will only talk to me, we can sit here. Don't you dare play any trick. I won't tolerate them." 
"Please have a seat." 
Eden gestured for Elisa to sit down. 
Thomas watched them sit down and observed Elisa's gaze. Ultimately, he did as Elisa instructed and went to the doorway. 
However, he did not dare to leave and kept staring at them. He feared something could happen to Elisa at any time. 
After all, Gareth had ordered him to keep watch. 
He would be in serious trouble if anything were to happen to Elisa. Gareth might even transfer him to a
remote corner of the globe as punishment. 
I won't allow Gareth to blame me for any mistake. Most importantly, I can't allow anything to happen to Elisa! 
… 
"I'm here as you requested. You should fulfill your promise and tell me why you helped me." Elisa looked sternly at Eden, who was still flipping through the menu. 
Hearing her, he smiled and replied casually, "Ms. Benett, since you're here, why don't we order coffee first and take our time to chat? Why the need to rush?" 
His tone carried a hint of sarcasm. 
Although Elisa was annoyed, she had no choice but to smile and reply indifferently, "If you were in my place, would you have the patience to have coffee with a stranger and chat amicably about who wanted to kill you?" 
"Waiter, bring me two cups of coffee." 
Eden ignored Elisa and raised his hand to summon the waiter. 
Elisa frowned at being ignored. However, since she was already here, it was pointless to leave so soon. 
Still, she knew Eden did that deliberately to make her flustered. She did not mind acting the part. 
Thus, she raised her voice unhappily, "I have no time to waste. Tell me what you want from me so that you will reveal who tried to kill me." 
Eden smiled vaguely, "Ms. Benett, why would I invite you here if I'm not completely sure? Moreover, I came here alone. If I wanted to do anything to you, wouldn't you and the person you came with fall into my trap the moment you entered the café?"
###chapter1359
Chapter 1359 Am I Sincere Enough?
Elisa could not deny that his words made sense. 
Still, she replied coldly, "I have to deal with many matters." 
In other words, she indicated she had no time to waste on his nonsense. 
Of course, Eden understood what she meant. 
Elisa is calm in the face of trouble. She is brave and resourceful in dealing with various matters. However, she is still prone to emotions and can be impatient. She seems no different from other women. 
Even so, she is not as gentle or submissive as them. 
"Since you're busy, I won't delay your time. My purpose is quite simple. I admire you, Ms. Benett. If you enter a relationship with me, I will protect you from that killer and ensure your safety for the rest of your life. Moreover, you will live comfortably and never worry about anything." 
Eden gave a long sigh and pretended to appear hurt. 
However, his implications were clear. 
Elisa felt like she had heard the funniest joke and scoffed. "You won't even show your face, yet you dare to ask me out?" 
She deliberately said those words. 
People hide behind masks because they are too ashamed to show their faces. 
Apart from disfigurement, a man has no excuse to wear a mask. 
Perhaps… 
He might have said those words to test me. 
Still, no matter his reason, I will never be with a man whose face I have never seen, even if it is to find out who tried to kill me! 
Eden remained silent after her retort. 
Elisa smirked, but Eden suddenly did something unexpected. 
She froze as she watched him slowly raise his hand and place it on his mask. 
Eden took off his mask without hesitation as she was still in doubt. 
The mask lifted and revealed a pair of devious but charming eyes. His skin was fair and flawless, and he had a tall nose bridge. Every feature on his face seemed to be carved by a master sculptor and looked like a perfect work of art. 
"Ms. Benett, am I sincere enough?" 
Seeing Elisa's stunned expression, Eden's lips gradually curved into a smile. 
However, his smile did not meet his eyes. His gaze remained mysterious and unfathomable. 
Elisa sensed a dangerous aura from Eden. 
Eden was not only unusually handsome. He even made a daring proposal and knew who wanted to kill Elisa. 
It meant he was more influential than he revealed. Moreover, he didn't do all this to go out with her. 
Before Elisa could answer his question, he already went to her and placed his hand beside her. 
Elisa's gaze turned cold. Eden did not give her a chance to move but kept coming closer, surrounding her with his cold and intimidating aura. Although Elisa felt uncomfortable, she willed herself to remain still and glared at him. "We're here to talk. You have better keep your distance." 
Eden narrowed his eyes and replied provocatively, "What if I refuse?" 
Elisa keenly sensed how dangerous he was. 
Still, she chuckled and looked into his eyes, refusing to back down. "You can try if you dare." 
"How would I bear to go against you? Elisa, if you stay with me, I will always protect you. Otherwise, you will eventually die in that person's hand!" 
Eden showed no intention of moving away. He remained half a meter away from Elisa. 
Elisa felt uncomfortable being so close to such an intimidating stranger. She could not stand it anymore and stood up to move to the side. 
"It's their problem whether they can kill me. I will never be with you over this. Scram!" 
###chapter1360
Chapter 1360 Censored
Elisa's gaze flashed intimidatingly. 
Eden saw it and did not want to anger her further. "You're right. You have my number. Feel free to contact me once you change your mind. I'll be waiting for you." 
"That will never happen." 
Elisa refuted immediately and stood up to leave. 
Seeing her persistence, Eden consciously stepped aside. 
That prompted Elisa to relax her clenched fist. Previously, she thought he would stop her and was ready to fight back. 
Instead, he let her walk off freely. 
However, the complete lack of obstruction gave Elisa the sense that things would get worse from now on. 
Her instinct told her that Eden was more devious than he appeared. 
"Ms. Benett, are you all right?" 
Thomas rushed to Elisa as soon as she exited the room. 
He remained alert while Elisa was conversing with Eden. 
Thomas had noticed Elisa's fierce expression and was ready to act. He was prepared to rush in and help Elisa if she were to fight Eden. 
"I'm fine," Elisa replied flatly. 
She already had a plan in mind. 
"Ms. Benett, I think he deliberately induced you to come here and get you to do something for him." 
That man is hiding something. He looks dangerous! 
Thomas noticed the smile on Eden's face when he approached Elisa and felt a chill down his spine. 
"I don't know what he wants, but we must be careful now. Let's return to the hotel." Elisa seemed unbothered. 
Thomas looked at Elisa's reaction and decided not to dwell on the matter. 
Once they arrived at the hotel, Elisa returned to her suite. 
She turned on her laptop and keyed in the café's name. In less than a minute, she hacked into the café's security system and downloaded surveillance footage of her meeting with Eden. 
Then she took a high-definition screenshot of the scene when Eden removed his mask. 
She sent a picture of his unmasked face to the Dark Web and executed a search operation. In less
than three minutes, information about Eden's identity popped up on her screen. 
Unfortunately, all she could find was a brief introduction. 'Eden, aged twenty-nine from Estoccia.' 
There was no further information. 
Seeing this, Elisa instantly understood something. 
As expected, Eden was no ordinary man. Even the Dark Web could not provide much information about his identity. Thus, she decided to hack Estoccia's system. A fortified firewall guarded the system. Elisa breached one layer after another. Ultimately, she created a Trojan Horse to attack the system. 
She would receive a message once it successfully breached the firewalls. 
… 
Meanwhile, Gareth listened to a full report by Thomas about Elisa's meeting with Eden. 
Gareth remained silent as he heard. However, Thomas noticed Gareth's gaze had turned intimidatingly cold and instantly knew what he was thinking. 
"Investigate the man." 
When Gareth said that, Thomas already knew Gareth would fight that man to the end, no matter his identity or status. 
He could see how bothered Gareth was by this matter. 
Thomas believed Gareth cared about Elisa and would never allow anyone to harm or spy on her. 
"You don't have to investigate. I already found who he is. His name is Eden, but I can't find much information about him. Moreover, many of his details have been censored." 
###chapter1361
Chapter 1361 Unreasonable Behavior
Thomas was surprised to hear Elisa. 
Gareth had only instructed to investigate the man, but Elisa was already done investigating before Thomas could start. How did she get it done so soon? 
Meanwhile, Gareth turned to Elisa upon hearing her voice. 
He did not say anything but furrowed his brow. 
His mind conjured scenes of Elisa's meeting with the man named Eden and what they talked about. 
Thomas pursed his lips and said, "Mr. Wickam, I will investigate it. It doesn't matter how deeply the information is hidden. I will dig up his identity!" 
His eyes flickered with confidence and determination. 
He had noticed the anger in Gareth's gaze and knew he had to find out who Eden was, or the situation would go downhill. 
After all, Thomas was a man himself. 
He understood how Gareth felt. 
He could see that Gareth felt threatened by Eden. 
That made him furious and ignited his possessiveness. 
At the same time, Thomas felt he should leave to give Gareth and Elisa privacy. "Anyway, Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett, I will leave to make arrangements. Would you like anything for lunch?" 
He planned to retreat from the room. 
However, Elisa waved her hand in refusal. "There's no need to prepare that yet. I'm going to my room to rest for a while. Then, I will prepare the next dose of medication." 
Elisa returned to her suite right after saying that. 
Thus, Thomas and Gareth were the only ones in the spacious living room. 
Coincidentally, Ivan, tasked with managing company matters while they were away, suddenly sent a few documents and messages. 
'Mr. May, can you show these project proposals to Mr. Wickam? The branch in Southdale requests for follow-up on this. If possible, we would like to start bidding.' 
Thomas finished reading the message and tapped on the attachments. There were five of them. 
Then, he glanced at the sullen-faced Gareth and gathered the courage to send those documents to him. "Mr. Wickam, Ivan sent a few project proposals. Can you check to see which to submit?" 
Gareth remained sulky. The mention of work did not alleviate his mood at all. 
Thomas felt anxious as he looked at him. 
Then, Gareth pulled out his phone to look at the project proposals. 
However, he snorted angrily after less than a minute. "They called these project proposals? Did a primary school kid write these? Tell them to rewrite everything. If they can't prepare a project proposal to my satisfaction by nine tonight, they should leave Wickam Group!" 
Gareth's anger soared as he scolded. 
Thomas did not dare to say anything. 
Top architects and project planners in Wickam Group prepared these project proposals. Ivan has also checked them. 
Even if they aren't to Mr. Wickam's satisfaction, they can't be so bad as to be compared to a primary school kid's work. 
Perhaps I should wait for him to calm down and send these five project proposals to him again. He might even select the one he is most satisfied with and have no idea that nothing has been amended. 
Thomas thought about this and sighed secretly. 
"Mr. Wickam, I will urge them to hurry. Please have some rest and calm down." 
He left the room right after that. 
Still, Gareth's expression darkened severely. His gaze was so cold that they could freeze the room. 
Anyone who saw him would tremble with fear. 
Thomas had gotten quite far from the room. However, he could still sense Gareth's chilling aura behind him and shudder with fear. 
Meanwhile, Elisa returned to her room and planned to continue the investigation. 
However, the Trojan Horse she coded did not breach Estoccia's firewall but returned with a message. 
'Don't bother trying. You won't find the answer here. Instead of investigating, you should ask him yourself!'
###chapter1362
Chapter 1362 Black-Eyed Susan, Prince?
The message piqued Elisa's interest. 
It popped up after I tried to breach Estoccia's system. Could Eden be an important official in Estoccia? If he were an ordinary citizen, I would have found out who he was. 
With that thought in mind, Elisa was sure that Eden was influential in Estoccia. 
Therefore, she withdrew the Trojan Horse she had sent. 
Meanwhile, senior personnel in charge of the Estoccia cyber system noticed Elisa withdrawing the Trojan Horse. He immediately made a phone call. 
"Prince Eden, we proceeded as you instructed. The attacker has also withdrawn her Trojan Horse." 
"Sure." 
Eden chuckled and grinned sinisterly. 
He did not expect Elisa to have access to an internationally renowned hacker. 
Suddenly, another thought popped into his mind. 
Could Elisa be that renowned hacker? 
Otherwise, how could she withdraw the Trojan Horse soon after reading the message? She would have to be the hacker to act that fast. 
After all, she came to Moranta with only Gareth and Thomas, the assistant. Neither of the guys seems like a secret hacker. 
Thus, Elisa must be the hacker. 
Eden smirked at the thought. 
He felt mischievous and decided to call Elisa. 
Elisa saw his call and hesitated briefly before answering it. "If you're calling about the matter, you can forget it." 
"Why must I forget it, my dear Black-Eyed Susan?" 
Eden laughed in a low tone. His voice was coarse and bewitching. 
Elisa frowned upon hearing him, but she soon collected herself and laughed. "I think you're delusional. We are not friends, so stop giving me nicknames." 
"Is that so?" Eden asked languidly. 
He had already gotten his answer when Elisa hesitated for a few seconds. 
Elisa crossed her arms and was annoyed by Eden's refusal to reveal his intention. "I'm not in the mood to put up with your nonsense. You had better tell me what your purpose is." 
He called to test me. 
Judging from his behavior, could he be Estoccia's president or Secretary of State? 
However, Elisa soon dismissed her theory. People in those positions would not behave in such a devious and reckless manner. 
There can only be one possibility. He is a prince in Estoccia. That must be why Estoccia guards his identity. 
After realizing this, Elisa did not want to expose that she was Black-Eyed Susan. 
"Forget it. I can't figure out your intention. Don't ever contact me again." 
Elisa hung up after saying that. 
Unexpectedly, Eden messaged her. 
'You will need me one day.' 
Elisa saw the message and deleted it immediately. She even blocked the number. 
"Who were you talking to?" 
Gareth's gruff voice suddenly sounded outside her room, frightening Elisa. Her heart nearly leaped out of her chest from the scare, but she soon regained her composure. 
"I was talking to Eden on the phone. By the way, I figured out who he is. He's a prince in Estoccia. We need to be careful for now." She did not try to hide the matter from Gareth. 
After all, there was no point hiding who Eden was. He must have appeared to them for a reason. Thus, they had to take precautions, or else they would be in trouble. 
Gareth's expression darkened upon hearing the word 'Eden.' However, before he could say anything, Elisa suddenly recalled another matter.
###chapter1363
Chapter 1363 Is He Playing With Me?
"I need to prepare your medicine." 
Elisa walked away after saying that and ignored Gareth. 
Gareth did not speak but stared at her sternly with a grim expression. 
Once the medicine was ready, he frowned and complained, "Why is the medicine always so bitter?" 
"Medicine is supposed to be bitter. I didn't hear you complain about it this morning. If you find it bitter, you should call Thomas to bring you candies," Elisa retorted immediately. 
Elisa looked at him innocently, but she was being sarcastic. 
He's not a kid. Why would he need candies when taking medicine? 
Moreover, he's the president of Wickam Group. 
"It's because you left with Thomas this morning." 
Gareth furrowed his brow. 
That's why… 
"I'll call Thomas," Elisa replied, pulling out her phone. 
"I don't want another person to find out about this," Gareth responded coldly and made her put her
phone away. 
In other words, she had to do it herself. 
"I'll get you a glass of honey water." 
She did not bother to wait for Gareth's response and called room service. 
Five people listened from their hidden spot as she talked to the hotel receptionist and finally found their chance. 
One of the men volunteered, "Boss! I'll dress as an attendant and deliver the honey water. You all should wait outside. Once I have drugged them, I will call you to come in. It will work this time!" 
"Sure, you go ahead." The leader of the group did not want to miss this rare chance. 
Thus, one of them disguised himself as an attendant and brought a glass of honey water to Elisa and Gareth's suite before knocking on the door. 
Gareth looked at the glass of honey water sullenly. 
"The honey water is here. Drink up, and I'll give you an injection later." 
Seeing Gareth refused to move, Elisa stepped forward to bring him the glass of honey water. 
However, Gareth still refused to accept it. 
"I've already taken the medicine." 
"I'm sorry, sir. The staff prepared the drink the moment they received your order. Once they gave it to me, I sent it here quickly. I apologize if we were too slow." The man saw how stern Gareth was and apologized immediately. 
"What use is your apology?" Gareth scoffed. His expression remained grim. 
Elisa glanced at Gareth in astonishment. 
Is something wrong with him? 
He complained that the medicine was bitter. Why is he finding fault now? 
Wait a minute. Could he be unhappy that I didn't prepare the honey water myself? 
That b*strd! 
"Are you going to drink it or not? If not, I'll tell him to take it back." 
Elisa brought the glass of honey water to him again, but he remained stubborn. 
"I won't drink it," Gareth answered indifferently. 
However, he suddenly lashed out at the attendant in the next second. "How could you be so slow? I want to talk to your manager. How is such service worthy of a five-star hotel?" 
Gareth appeared cold and hostile. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes and looked at Gareth strangely. Something's not right. He's not usually like that. Did he notice something wrong with this person? 
Elisa considered and looked at the attendant. 
The attendant instantly panicked. They asked for a glass of honey water. Why do they reject it? Could they have discovered my identity? Are they acting like this to trap me? 
No, it's too late to think about this. I must do something now that I'm here. We might never get another chance! 
The attendant's expression turned cold. He pulled out a small dagger from his pocket and rushed toward Elisa.
###chapter1364
Chapter 1364 Hostage
Elisa did not expect the attendant to be an imposter who carried a weapon. 
The man moved so fast that Elisa did not have time to react. He grabbed her and pressed the sharp dagger against her neck. 
"Let her go!" Gareth shouted and narrowed his eyes threateningly. 
Elisa grabbed the man's hand, but he immediately figured out what she was trying to do. He pulled the dagger even closer to her neck. 
Elisa's expression darkened. She could have easily dodged just now, but she wanted to discover why the man did this. 
From the moment he attacked her, Elisa could tell he was unskilled. 
The man also did not notice Elisa and Gareth exchanging glances when he grabbed her. 
Otherwise, Gareth would never allow Elisa to fall into his hand. 
The man dropped his act and said harshly, "Hand over Ganoderma Caligo. Otherwise, I will slash her throat!" 
"You think killing me will get you Ganoderma Caligo?" Elisa was not afraid. She smirked when he revealed why he had come here. 
Gareth remained silent. 
He looked at the man fiercely. 
"Cut the cr*p! Gareth Wicham, will you hand it over or not?" The man grabbed Elisa and stepped away, but Gareth followed closely. 
Then, the man went to the door and shouted, "Guys, I've done it!" 
'Bang!' 
Four men waiting outside the suite kicked open the door. 
They rushed in and surrounded Gareth. 
Gareth glared at them fiercely. His body was shrouded with an intimidating aura, making him seem like a creature straight out of hell. 
The four men exchanged glances and attacked Gareth at once. It turned out that the man had only said those words to buy time. 
His real intention was to snatch Ganoderma Caligo from Gareth and Elisa by any means. 
Still, Gareth remained unfazed even when four men charged at him. 
He dodged their every strike. 
Moreover, he hit back at an incredible speed and launched a series of attacks, prompting two thugs to
retreat fearfully. 
Although he remained calm, what Elisa feared the most still happened. 
Gareth had suffered from the effects of the drug the night before and had to fight with four people. He soon ran out of energy and was forced to retreat. 
The four thugs thought it was finally their chance to strike back. 
Unfortunately for them… 
Thomas appeared before they could hit Gareth and pulled the gun from his belt. 
One of the thugs immediately collapsed to the floor. While the other thugs were confused, Gareth grabbed the chance and attacked speedily. 
He quickly subdued all four thugs. 
"Stop it! You think I don't dare to kill Elisa?" The man became nervous when he saw Gareth strike down his companions. 
He pressed the dagger against Elisa's throat but could not hurt her. He did not realize that his hand was shaking. 
Elisa smiled vaguely and reached for the man's wrist. 
She planned to subdue him but did not expect… 
Elisa's expression froze. Why is his pulse so erratic? They show clear signs of poisoning. Moreover, he has been poisoned for three years! 
The victim feels piercing pain in his heart from the poison. Without the antidote, the victim will eventually die from the excruciating pain. 
Elisa was not afraid despite being held hostage and asked calmly, "Did your master poison you to ensure loyalty?"
###chapter1365
Chapter 1365 Why Can't We Be Friends?
The poison was called Heart Piercer Poison because it caused piercing pain in the victim's heart. 
The man asked bewilderedly, "How did you know?" 
He and the other four men had secretly consulted a doctor. The doctor said Heart Piercer Poison was an unusual poison with no cure. One would have to consume the antidote regularly to remain alive. 
Moreover, the ingredients needed to create the antidote were valuable and hard to find. 
Thus, the five of them had suffered from this poison for many years. 
Elisa smiled upon hearing him and knew she had guessed correctly. 
She answered nonchalantly, "I accidentally touched your pulse just now." 
"Are you medically trained?" The man was shocked and confused. 
Elisa arched her eyebrows slightly and grabbed the wrist of the hand holding the dagger. Then, she responded calmly, "Yes, not only was I medically trained, I can even cure your poisoning." 
The man instantly fell silent. 
Meanwhile, the few men subdued were worried that their remaining comrade would fall for Elisa's words. Thus, one of them yelled, "Terry, don't listen to her nonsense. We have seen the doctor a few times. He confirmed that the poison could be cured, but the antidote required rare and valuable ingredients. How can this woman have them?" 
Another man reminded, "Have you forgotten how this woman tricked us?" 
Terry was stunned briefly and recalled what had happened before. 
Elisa and Gareth had tricked them into going to the police station before deceiving them into returning to the casino. 
We can't trust this woman! 
Elisa stood beside Terry and said calmly, "We spent ten trillion on Ganoderma Caligo at the auction. Of course, we can't give it to you. However, your poisoning is only a minor issue to me. What makes you think I can't cure it?" 
Elisa had been researching poison since she started studying medicine. 
Therefore, she had come across all kinds of poison. 
Moreover, she had found the antidote to Heart Piercer Poison when she was eighteen. 
Terry frowned and snorted indifferently, "But you won't be so kind as to help us." 
Elisa did not deny his words but smiled. "You're right. We are strangers, so I have no reason to help you. Unfortunately, I'm now your hostage. I will die if I don't help you." 
Seeing the man's growing hesitation, Elisa smiled mysteriously and continued, "Do you wish to remain under your master's control or let me remove your poison and set you free?" 
The five men fell silent, but none of them could deny feeling tempted by Elisa's offer. 
The poison had tortured them for three years. How could they not dream about finding the cure one day and living freely? 
"I'll give you three minutes to consider. If I wasn't sincere about this offer, I could have struck you down in one hit while you hesitated." 
Elisa persuaded them and chuckled when she saw their expressions gradually change. 
"If you think a little, you will realize you are all doomed. Why not take a chance and comply with us, giving yourself a chance of survival?" 
Thomas looked at Elisa with a conflicted gaze. He could not help but be surprised by Elisa whenever he looked at her. 
Even after knowing her few secret identities, Elisa still surprised him with something he never knew. 
Perhaps this is why Gareth… 
Thomas instinctively glanced at Gareth with that thought in mind. 
Gareth's expression remained cold, but he pursed his lips and watched Elisa quietly, worrying about her safety. 
After a while, Terry still did not respond. Thus, Elisa asked calmly, "Sir, have you decided? I might run
out of patience if you don't decide now." 
Panic flickered in Terry's eyes. He looked at his subdued comrades and had a sudden idea. "If… If you're sincere about your offer, you should let my four friends go." 
###chapter1366
Chapter 1366 Why Can't You Treat Him Here?
Elisa did not speak but glanced at Thomas. 
Seeing no ion from Gareth, Thomas did as Elisa indicated and let the four men go. He released their binds and scoffed coldly, "Consider yourselves lucky!" 
The four men did not respond but looked guiltily at Terry, who held Elisa hostage. 
However, Terry's eyes were filled with determination. 
He waited a few minutes for his comrades to leave before gripping the dagger and aiming it at Elisa's neck with all his strength. 
'Clang!' The dagger slipped from Terry's hand and fell to the floor. He widened his eyes and stared at Elisa in shock. She had somehow gotten free of his restraint. 
"You…" 
Elisa crossed her arms and smirked mockingly. "I was only playing with you. Do you think you stand a chance against me?" 
Gareth stepped forward. His eyes glowed intimidatingly. 
He turned to Thomas and ordered, "Toss him into the sea to feed the sharks." 
Terry recalled the guilty look on his comrades' faces as they left and resolved in his mind. 
He closed his eyes in despair and calmly accepted death. 
"I have no wish to become a murderer. Since I've released your four comrades, I have no desire to kill you." 
Elisa was impressed with Terry's calm acceptance. 
Moreover, she never wanted him to die. 
Her words prompted Terry to open his eyes. He stared at Elisa with astonishment and confusion. "What do you want?" 
Elisa smiled. "It's quite simple. Although your master failed to steal my thing, his actions created trouble for me. While I dislike causing trouble, I don't shirk from them." 
Elisa briefly expressed her intention. 
She smirked as she spoke, appearing sly and shrewd. 
"Please let me know how I can be of service," Terry said frankly. He knew he would die unless he did as Elisa wanted. 
Moreover, he had good reasons to fear Gareth. Gareth immediately discovered what Terry was up to when he came in. 
"It's simple. I want to give your master a taste of his own medicine." Elisa's smile widened. Her eyes flickered cunningly. 
Didn't his master desire Ganoderma Caligo? 
I'll let him enjoy it to his heart's content! 
"Sure." 
Terry nodded and knew he had no choice but to comply. 
"Come here. I'll treat your poisoning," Elisa said. 
Terry was still doubtful about it. However, he chose to go to Elisa and give it a try. 
After all, he had no way to obtain the antidote himself. Thus, he might as well let Elisa treat him. He had nothing to lose anyway. 
If he recovered, he could secure his comrades' freedom after completing Elisa's task. 
Even if the treatment failed, his sacrifice would still have saved his comrades, who were like brothers to him. Moreover, their attitude before they left indicated that they would avenge him. 
It would be worth it either way. 
"Follow me," Elisa said to Terry. 
Gareth's expression darkened with he saw her bringing Terry to her room. He said unhappily, "Can't you treat him in the living room?"
###chapter1367
Chapter 1367 What's the Deal Between You and Eden
"The stuff is in the room." 
Elisa frowned in annoyance when she heard Gareth's words. Given his expression, he was clearly interfering with her matter. We're not husband and wife anymore. Who is he to meddle with my affair? He has no right to control where I want to go. 
"Let's go." Elisa resolutely left Gareth behind as she didn't want to be bothered by him. 
The poisoned man was in a quandary, thinking if he should follow Elisa. After hesitating for a while, he went after Elisa because his life was the most important. 
Thomas could sense the atmosphere in the room becoming more intense, with Gareth's face turning as cold as ice. If Gareth could kill someone with his vehemence, the man would have died long ago! 
"Mr. Wickam, Ms. Elisa is just helping the man to detoxify. You witnessed it just now – she had no regard for the man at all. This man is not Ms. Elisa's…" 
Before Thomas could finish his sentence, Gareth shot a fierce glare at him, causing him to clam up. 
… 
After entering the bedroom, Elisa fed the man a white pill. Then, she made an incision on the man's wrist and treated him with acupuncture. 
Soon, Gareth came into the room. Elisa heard his footsteps but didn't spare a glance at him. 
In the next five minutes, she completely ignored Gareth and was focused on treating the man. 
"Is it not done yet?" Gareth frowned sullenly as he had lost his patience. 
"What's the rush?" Elisa rebuked him coldly. Gareth had had his medicine, and it wasn't time for a meal yet. 
"I'm feeling unwell." Gareth blurted coldly. 
Elisa glanced frigidly at Gareth with a frown, thinking he did it on purpose. Then, she looked at the poisoned man. She had neutralized the poison in him. 
Looking at the bowl of black blood, Elisa retrieved the needles from the man's body and uttered, "If you don't believe I've removed the poison, you can check with your previous doctor. However, I didn't save you without a price. You have to get the job done!" 
"Okay. What do you want me to do?" The man asked weakly. Nonetheless, he felt much at ease physically. 
Hearing the man's direct question, Elisa went straight to the point. "It is difficult for one to accomplish something on his own. Besides, one can make wiser decisions when faced with life and death. The pill you took just now is a drug I specially made. My request is simple – partner with your four brothers and bring Hesperis back to KKCD Casino to your master. When it is done, you and your brothers will regain freedom." 
In other words, if the man didn't revert to Elisa, he would die from Elisa's drug. 
The man mulled over it and his situation before agreeing to Elisa's condition. 
With that, they exchanged their contact number. 
When Gareth saw the deal between Elisa and the poisoned man, he was reminded of a man named Eden and what Thomas had told him. His expression turned ghastly. "So, what's the deal between you and Eden?"
###chapter1368
Chapter 1368 Where Are You Feeling Unwell
He knew Elisa wouldn't let them bring back the real Hesperis and was aware of Elisa's plan. 
However, he was distressed at the thought of Eden's identity and what he said to ELisa. 
"What deal can I possibly have with Eden?" Elisa asked in return without glancing at Gareth while packing her stuff. 
Gareth walked up to her. At that time, the poisoned man had left, leaving Gareth and Elisa in the room. 
"You used all of them." Gareth blurted frostily. 
He was standing beside Elisa, yet the latter didn't bother to look at him. She could feel the tense atmosphere. Without looking at Gareth, she could imagine Gareth's grim expression. 
Although Gareth didn't put it outright, his meaning was clear. 
Elisa had used the poisoned man and his gang, so how would she possibly leave Eden, Estoccia's prince, out? 
Elisa's face clouded over as she was irritated. "His intention was impure, and his identity is complicated. I don't have to make a deal with him. Where are you feeling unwell? Your mouth or your heart?" Elisa asked scornfully. 
"My whole body." Gareth replied bitterly. 
Elisa was speechless but still placed her finger on his wrist to feel his pulse. The drug in his body was
not completely neutralized yet, so his pulse was weak. Nonetheless, Elisa knew his condition was not as bad as he described. 
"Continue taking the medicine for a few days. Maintain a good mood. Exercise, and get some sun." Elisa retracted her hand and exhorted Gareth. 
"Okay." Gareth hummed in a deep voice with an indifferent expression. 
Elisa thought he would leave, but he stood still on the spot. 
"Is there anything else?" Elisa noticed Gareth's bizarre behavior, although he said nothing. 
Gareth asked, "Didn't you say your stuff is in the room?" His countenance was not as hostile as before, but Elisa had the urge to beat him up seeing his attitude. 
"Do you think…" Before Elisa could finish her sentence, her phone suddenly rang – it was a video call from Julia. 
Elisa answered the call. Julia appeared in her sight with a loving smile on her face. "Hey, Elisa, is Gareth with you? I want to know what that brat is up to. He doesn't pick up my call." 
Elisa shot a fierce glare at Gareth. Why did he reject Grandma's call and come here to mess with me? 
The next second, Elisa smiled gently and said, "He's with me, Grandma. I was treating him just now." 
Elisa had to say so to put Julia at ease so that she wouldn't worry about Gareth. 
"Oh, no wonder." Julia nodded in realization and suddenly had an idea. "Elisa, give me a video call when you treat him next time. I better keep an eye on him. You must be having a hard time treating him. Gareth Wickam, get here!" 
Gareth cooperatively showed up, following Julia's order. 
"Elisa has done us a huge favor. Bring her out to buy her some clothes and accessories. Buy her the food she likes. You have to satisfy all her requests!"
###chapter1369
Chapter 1369 There Must Be a Relation
Julia gave a stern order. Elisa wanted to reject her offer, but Julia hung up immediately. 
Julia was beaming from ear to ear. She knew Elisa didn't want her to worry, so she still helped Gareth despite the fact that they had divorced. Julia called to test them today, and it was successful. 
She was determined to help the couple get back together after they returned to the country. At that thought, Julia sent Elisa and Gareth a message to ensure they followed her instruction. 
'Elisa, remember to send me a picture of what Gareth buys for you later.' 
'Gareth, if you dare to disobey my order, don't you return to the family!' 
Elisa was amused when she saw the message. Gareth showed his message to Elisa. Although he did not make a comment, his apathetic expression and tightly pressed lips indicated his intention. 
"Let's go." To make Julia happy, they were willing to compromise to go on shopping. 
Meanwhile, Thomas was pondering in the living room how to bring about Ivan's matter to Gareth without disturbing his time with Elisa. Just then, the two came out of the room. 
Thomas bit the bullet and went up to Gareth. "Mr. Wickam, the proposal is ready. Would you like to take a look now? Ivan told me that the bidding deadline for Southdale's ZF Corporation is at 8 p.m. local time." 
Thomas didn't dare to look at Gareth, worrying that the latter would question him. 
"Send it to me." Gareth blurted coldly. 
Thomas inhaled deeply and mustered his courage to send the original five documents to Gareth. 
Within three minutes, Gareth chose a document out of the five and sent it to Thomas. 
"We'll go with this." Gareth remained nonchalant as he made the decision. 
Thomas was nervous even after obtaining Gareth's response. 
If Mr. Wickam realizes the five documents have not been edited, I'll be in deep waters! 
"What are you waiting for? Go and get the car." Gareth frowned when he saw Thomas remaining in a daze. 
"Yes, sir. I'll go right away." Thomas quickly answered, perceiving Gareth's frustration. 
Dear Lord, I pray that Mr. Wickam will never discover the matter. Please let Mr. Wickam and Ms. Elisa get back together so that Mr. Wickam will be happy and our life as subordinates will be better. 
After Thomas sent them to a shopping mall nearby, Gareth passed his phone to him and ordered, "Follow us and take videos from behind." 
"Huh?" Thomas was startled. 
"Can't you understand my words?" Gareth arched his brows with a solemn look. 
Elisa explained to Thomas, "Grandma wants to see it. You just have to take some short videos of us shopping together and paying at the counter." 
The videos were used to entertain Julia, so they didn't have to be studious or perfect. 
Impressed by Julia's witty idea, Thomas nodded and did as he was told. 
… 
On the other hand, the boss of KKCD Casino received reports from his subordinates about the situation. 
He was looking at a picture on his phone. He narrowed his eyes when he saw Elisa shopping with Gareth with a comfortable look. Besides, there was a man following behind them, leisurely taking videos and pictures of them from behind.
###chapter1370
Chapter 1370 Did You Take the Video?
Many were eyeing Elisa because the Hesperis, which was worth ten trillion, was in her hand. Yet, she went shopping carefreely. 
No one would believe that she had no plans, but the fact that she dared to show up in public showed that she must be confident. Such courage and composure were not ordinary. 
Although his subordinate failed to trace anything about Elisa, he was sure that Elisa must be related to the person in his memory. 
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa turned to look at Thomas in the mall after Gareth paid at the counter. "Did you take the video?" 
"Yes. I've sent it to Old Madam Wickam." Thomas nodded and answered honestly. Then, he passed the phone back to Gareth, but Elisa took it away before Gareth could receive it. 
The chat box was filled with messages from Julia. 
'Have you eaten?' 
'What are you doing?' 
'Where's Elisa?' 
Gareth only replied with short answers after a long time. 
Elisa felt sorry for Julia when she saw it. Grandma is not doing well, yet she always thinks about him. He would rather spend his time stirring up trouble but wouldn't reply to Grandma's message! 
Just as Elisa was about to say something, a notification popped up on the phone – it was a message from Julia. 'Good job. Be sure to make Elisa happy and bring her back. I only approve of you and Elisa. I'm still waiting for a great-grandchild. You better make my wish come true.' 
Elisa's heart sank when she saw the message. They wouldn't have divorced if things could work out between them. 
Nevertheless, she pretended not to see the message and returned the phone to Gareth. "How much did you spend just now? I'll transfer the money to you." She uttered coldly while taking her phone out of her pocket. 
"It's okay. Take it as your compensation for coming here to treat me. I'm hungry. Thomas, find a restaurant." Gareth turned to order Thomas. 
Thomas found an Italian restaurant and booked a private room as requested by Gareth. 
Little did they expect to bump into Nicole while they were walking upstairs. 
Nicole was surprised to see Gareth, but a timid look quickly came upon her face. Then, she walked past them without even saying hello. 
Nicole's reaction made Elisa suspicious. Nicole was madly in love with Gareth; her eyes would glisten in joy whenever she met Gareth. 
After hesitating briefly, she turned to look at Thomas. Perceiving that he was pondering upon something too, she asked, "Thomas, did you manage to find out who was the person who barged into the room that day?" 
Thomas regained his composure and replied, "Not yet. The woman impersonated you. I've contacted the casino. The staff told me that the footage of her entering and leaving the private room has been deleted." 
Gareth knitted his brows. Looking at Nicole, who left in a panic, he asked sternly, "Do you suspect that woman is Nicole?" 
"Mm-hmm." Elisa didn't deny it because Nicole's reaction was strange. 
"Thomas, have someone tail her." Gareth uttered indifferently. 
Elisa's suspicion was not baseless. It would be good if the woman weren't Nicole. Otherwise, she had to pay the price for her actions. 
###chapter1371
Chapter 1371 Might as Well Die
Thomas clearly noticed the coldness at the corner of Gareth's lips and his hostile look. 
If Mr. Wickam and Ms. Elisa didn't divorce, they would have been a powerful, unbeatable couple that would make others jealous. Although they are joining forces now, they still maintain a distance. 
After getting seated in the restaurant, Gareth passed the menu to Elisa. "Make the order." 
Elisa was discomforted by Gareth's aggressive instruction. She was about to say something but noticed Gareth holding his phone horizontally. 
Gareth ignored her perplexed gaze and uttered, "Grandma wants to see it, so I'm recording a video." 
Elisa remained silent, but she had some thoughts. She could compromise to make Julia happy, but how long could she and Gareth pretend to be together? It was something impossible. If they continued giving Julia false hope, Julia would end up being more devastated. 
Elisa gathered her thoughts and laid them out to Gareth. "Gareth, I know you're obedient to Grandma. I want Grandma to be happy too, but we've already divorced. Our current situation… I think we have to make things clear with Grandma that we won't possibly get back together, so she won't remain hopeful. You're not young anymore. If Grandma yearns for a great-grandchild, just fulfill her wish." 
Gareth had not clarified his intention, but Julia had her own perception. As such, Elisa opined they shouldn't enhance Julia's belief. 
Gareth's eyes darkened. "We shall wait until she recovers." He said. 
Elisa nodded. "That's my intention too. She shouldn't get agitated now." 
"Mm-hmm." Gareth hummed aloofly. 
Then, he kept his phone away. None of them spoke again throughout the meal. 
After returning to the hotel, Gareth had not gone to find Elisa for the rest of the day. 
Just as Elisa was about to go to bed, Thomas knocked on her door. 
Elisa opened the door to see Thomas' anxious face. "Ms. Elisa, please check out Mr. Wickam. He seems to be unwell." 
Elisa was stunned. "What happened?" 
When she went to the living room, she saw Gareth lying on the couch, massaging his temples. He furrowed his brows in agony. 
Elisa said nothing and directly felt his pulse. 
"Gareth Wickam, do you have a death wish?!" Elisa rebuked when she realized from Gareth's irregular pulse that he had been drinking. 
"I won't die easily." Gareth sneered as he was fearless of death. 
Elisa shoved his hand away and ignored him. She returned to her room to take some stuff and soon came back to Gareth. 
She instructed Thomas to prepare some medicine while she treated Gareth with acupuncture. While treating him, she warned him sternly, "Go ahead and try it if you want Grandma to attend your funeral. You're on medication now. Didn't I tell you to refrain from alcohol?" 
If you don't listen to your doctor, you might as well die! 
"I'm frustrated." Gareth uttered insouciantly. 
He wasn't complaining about Elisa; Thomas would know what he meant. 
Gareth had not been in a good mood after they returned from the meal. He remained gloomy and even had some alcohol. Noticing Gareth's bizarre behavior, Thomas quickly informed Elisa. 
###chapter1372
Chapter 1372 No One Would Be Happy Forever
Only when Elisa mentioned it did Thomas understand Gareth's discomfort was due to the alcohol. 
He was frustrated because Elisa put it outright, but he could never express his emotions to Elisa in the form of speech. In fact, he didn't understand the source of his frustration. 
"No one would be happy forever." Elisa's face darkened, and she retorted to Gareth. 
Gareth did not answer, while Thomas agreed with Elisa's remark. No one would be happy forever. 
After inserting some needles in Gareth's skin, Elisa checked the medicine. When it was ready, Elisa served Gareth the medicine. "Go to bed after taking this. Thomas, keep an eye on him. Call me if there's anything." 
"Yes, Ms. Elisa." Thomas answered readily. 
Only Gareth and Thomas were left in the living room after Elisa left. 
Thomas didn't dare to look at Gareth, knowing that Gareth intended for Elisa to stay. 
"Mr. Wickam, would you like to…" Thomas spoke up hesitantly with a troubled look, worried about being reprimanded if he spoke the wrong words. 
Before he could finish his sentence, his phone rang – it was a call from KKCD Casino to inform him the event was brought forward a day, which meant that the event would happen at 9 p.m. the next day. 
When Thomas informed Gareth about the change of schedule, Gareth showed no expression, with his
eyes remaining piercing. 
He didn't care about these details at all. 
… 
The next day, Elisa woke up to see a few men and women waiting in the living room. The pale purple dress and jewelry set on the tea table immediately caught her eye. 
When she saw Thomas walking into the room, she asked, "What is this for?" 
"KKCD Casino brought the event forward." 
Only then did Elisa understand what was going on. 
She changed into the dress and sat cooperatively in front of the mirror for the stylists to doll her up. 
It was crowded in the casino. Unlike the auction day, where every guest was assigned a dedicated seat, the guests who arrived early socialized around. Some found a seat for themselves too. Generally, all the guests had extraordinary identities and were dressed delicately. 
Elisa gave Gareth a look. They spotted a seat just now. Within a minute after they sat down, a man dressed in a light purple suit approached Elisa. He was wearing a purple masquerade mask, but Elisa could recognize him instantly – it was Eden. 
Thomas freaked out. Sure enough, he glanced at Gareth and noticed his expression soured. 
Oh no! This is not good! Eden sure is a bold player! 
On the other hand, Eden was fearless. He stared at Elisa and said, "It has been a while, Ms. Benett. May I invite you to a dance?" His smile was captivating, yet one could sense danger from his deep-set eyes. 
Elisa's face darkened, knowing that their matching clothes were no coincidence. Eden was monitoring her at all times! 
Seeing the man's despicable smirk, she responded coldly, "Sorry, but I'm not interested." 
Then, Elisa turned away and ignored him. 
Gareth's expression softened slightly as he looked at Elisa and said, "Come over." 
###chapter1373
Chapter 1373 Crossed the Line
Elisa walked up to Gareth as he intended and allowed him to straighten out her dress. 
She knew Gareth was helping her, and she was glad to cooperate with him. 
Eden stood still at the spot as he witnessed the scene. His smile was not dismissed but deepened. "Ms. Bennett, since you're not interested now, I'll ask you again later." 
With that, Eden walked away. 
Elisa's eyes darkened. She knew Eden wouldn't leave her alone and must be up to no good. 
She didn't want to wear a matching dress with Eden and became the focus of the crowd. 
"Thomas, can you… Forget about it." 
Elisa wanted to ask Thomas to get another dress for her but was reminded that Eden was watching her – he might change his suit as well if she changed. Her effort to change could be in vain. 
She was irritated at the thought of Eden's profound smirk. As a Prince, this man is crossing the line way too much! 
At the same time, she was curious about what Eden's motive was to approach her. 
Noticing that Eliza wanted to say something, Thomas said, "Ms. Elisa, the event will only start in two hours. Please let me know what I can do for you." 
"It's just a dress. Don't bother." Eliza shook her head as she didn't want to trouble Thomas. 
Perceiving Elisa's intention, Thomas instinctively looked at Gareth, who pressed his lips and wore a solemn expression. One could not comprehend his mind through his dull eyes. 
Thomas could empathize with Gareth — Gareth specially chose the dress for Elisa, yet another man dressed up in the same color as if they were a couple wearing matching outfits. Anyone would be annoyed. 
"I'll get someone to send a new dress over." Fortunately, Thomas had a friend in Moranta. 
Elisa accepted Thomas' suggestion. 
She didn't want to interact with Eden as they were barely acquaintances. Moreover, she didn't want to become the focus of the event with him. 
Since they had sufficient time, she was more than willing to change. 
Just then, Elisa's vibrating phone averted her attention. 
Her eyes lit up when she saw the incoming call from the poisoned man whom she had healed. 
After Elisa picked up the call, the man asked politely, "Ms. Benett, my men and I are at the casino's basement car park. What's your plan?" 
His address toward Elisa in the presence of his gang proved his submission toward Elisa. 
"Similar to last time, follow us when we leave the casino. Then, act according to your plan." 
Elisa's expression was calm, as if it was a normal conversation. 
After hanging up the call, Eliza glanced around the glamorous hall filled with men and women who were faking smiles. 
Gareth observed the surroundings. His cold aura deterred those who intended to fawn over him from approaching him. 
Just as Eliza was about to find a place to sit, a voice emerged and caused her expression to turn ghastly. At the same time, Thomas could sense the menacing aura Gareth emanated. 
###chapter1374
Chapter 1374 Immense Danger
"Ms. Elisa Benett, fate has allowed us to meet again. There are billions of people in the world, yet you and I met here tonight. I'd like to invite you to a dance. Are you interested now?" 
Under everyone's gaze, Eden slowly walked to the center of the stage with a microphone in his hand. He faced Elisa with a provoking, wide grin. 
Elisa met his gaze the moment she lifted her eyes and sensed immense danger from his eyes. 
Before she could react, Eden continued speaking into the microphone. "If you're willing to fulfill my wish and dance with me, I'll tell you who that woman is." 
The crowd was perplexed. What's wrong with this man? Why is he mentioning another woman before the woman he wants to dance with? Or is there some drama between this woman and the woman he mentioned? 
While everyone was puzzled, Eden was well aware of the situation. He didn't give Elisa a chance to reject him. At the same time, he revealed the person who wanted to kill Elisa was a woman. 
Nonetheless, the crowd couldn't wrap their heads around what was going on. As they traced the direction Eden was looking, they saw the gorgeous Elisa and knew she was Eden's target. 
Staring at Eden coldly, Elisa was about to reject him when Gareth suddenly spoke up. "She's unavailable and won't agree to be with you." 
With that, he held Elisa's waist. 
There was a subtle change in Elisa's expression. She subconsciously wanted to break away from Gareth, but Gareth was forceful. Besides, breaking away from him at that moment was inappropriate because others would notice the rift between them. 
Frustration flashed across Elisa's eyes. 
On the other hand, the crowd was stirred up as they anticipated the show. 
Eden's visage became overcast. Elisa didn't move, which showed her reluctance. 
It was his first time being rejected in public. Not only that, Gareth and Elisa utterly embarrassed him! 
Rage aroused in him, but with so many people watching, the prince of Estoccia couldn't lose face. 
He had to find a way out for himself. Forcing a charming and gentle smile, he uttered, "Are you sure, Ms. Benett? I've gone this far to prove my admiration toward you. Do you really want to turn me down?" 
The guests looked toward Elisa with their eyes filled with anticipation. 
Some recognized Eden, while for those who didn't, they could tell Eden was not a commoner because none of the guests that night were small fries. 
Besides, one couldn't get a microphone by being just capable – the person must have a special connection with the casino's owner and obtain the owner's approval. 
Eden wouldn't have obtained the consent if he were an ordinary man. 
Those who were unaware of Eden's identity didn't dare to look down on him. 
Everyone's eyes were fixed on Elisa, awaiting her response.
###chapter1375
Chapter 1375 Self-Esteem Blow
Elisa glanced coolly at the man on the stage. Seeing his unwavering confidence as if she would agree, she said coldly, "We're not acquainted enough for that." 
Eden's eyes darkened, but he exuded an air of mystery with his mask on. Combined with his self- control, nobody could sense the pressure he emitted. 
While everyone wondered if the man would lose his temper and crack under pressure, Eden calmly stepped down from the stage. 
If anyone felt in the way, they immediately stepped back to make room. 
In no time, he approached Elisa and Gareth. 
Gareth still had his arm around Elisa's waist, and she could feel the cold aura emanating from him. 
She could have been at least his date, brought along by him despite being the of another guy's desire in front of so many others. It most likely damaged his self-esteem. 
She attempted to resist but didn't push away his arm. Despite feeling uncomfortable, she still had to gaze at Eden right in front of her. 
Eden, this time, didn't look at Elisa. Instead, his gaze settled on Gareth. 
"Could I ask, Mr. Gareth, did you even give Miss Elisa a choice?" 
Gareth's intense gaze bore directly into Eden. 
The two men glowered at each other. Even though Eden wore a mask that concealed his true face, he didn't fall short. 
Moreover, he held a microphone in his hand, and everyone could hear every breath he took as he spoke. His voice remained composed and unaffected by Elisa's rejection. 
And Gareth... 
The coldness emanating from him seemed to fill the entire hall. Even in the sweltering season, they felt no need for air conditioning. 
He naturally exuded a regal aura with a noble demeanor. Even without the microphone's suppression, everyone could feel Gareth's presence. 
Then, everyone heard Gareth say something awful. 
"You're not worth it." 
Though he didn't have a microphone, he stood close to Eden, and Gareth's voice transmitted through Eden's microphone. 
Many people looked up in question at the powerful presence. 
On the surface, seeing another man lust after his lover could seem like a testimonial to her brilliance, but it also made him feel inferior. 
If one had enough power, who would dare to think such things? 
However, speaking of Gareth's strength, it was already sufficient. Everyone there knew about Gareth's situation. 
Just by looking at them, it was evident that they were evenly matched, so there wasn't much embarrassment involved. 
But then again, others might not think he was embarrassed, but Gareth himself definitely felt that way. 
A lot could be understood from Gareth's expression. 
The smile at the corner of Eden's mouth remained unwavering. He chuckled lightly instead. "Not worthy?" 
Then, he turned his gaze towards Elisa, his intensity growing. "Elisa, do you know what consequences you'll face for rejecting me today?" 
Gareth's gaze turned icy, but this time he directed his attention towards Elisa, although he didn't intentionally look at her. 
Elisa paid no attention to Gareth. She looked at him calmly. "Do you think I care?" 
"Do you think I would care?" 
Everyone: "..." 
Some were taken aback. 
No matter how you spin it, this man could stand toe-to-toe with Gareth. Clearly...
###chapter1376
Chapter 1376 Bull-Headed
Knowing that Gareth was present yet daring to dance with his date had already proven everything. 
But... 
Elisa could still speak so boldly! 
Was it because she felt protected by Gareth? 
Even those who knew some things about Elisa thought that she had gone a bit crazy. 
Although she had many disguises, they were ultimately ineffective. 
The Benett Corporation was nothing compared to powerful conglomerates. It could be easily crushed. 
Yet she dared to speak so boldly. 
Was it because Gareth was supporting her? 
But they divorced, and was there any indication of them reconciling? 
Everyone had resumed watching the spectacle, eagerly anticipating the outcome of this clash between giants. 
However... 
Now everything seemed apparent. 
After all, Elisa was unwilling, so their confrontation was pointless... 
The atmosphere suddenly became tense. 
Everyone looked at Gareth again. 
Elisa's words were quite bold. 
Everyone speculated. How will Gareth handle this? 
Would he get angry or gracefully back down? 
After all, one can't just directly snatch someone away. 
Gareth still had his arm around Elisa's waist and showed no intention of letting go. Would Eden have to push Gareth away and pull Elisa towards him? 
That would be a bit... 
Everyone kept looking back and forth, excitement evident in their eyes. 
The petty squabbles over girlfriends were uninteresting compared to the intense standoff between Gareth and the masked man. 
At this moment, some people even wanted to provide commentary, but they didn't dare. 
They truly didn't dare. 
And amidst the crowd's gaze, Eden chuckled softly once again. "Liz, are you sure?" 
He still held the microphone and said it before everyone, showing no signs of embarrassment from Elisa's rejection. The profound meaning in his gaze even made people unconsciously speculate. 
Just a moment ago, he was calling her Miss Elisa, but now he directly used the affectionate nickname 'Liz.' 
Even Elisa could feel the murderous intent emanating from Gareth beside her. 
She even wondered why Gareth's reaction was so intense. Was it just his wounded pride? 
She pursed her lips, remaining silent. Deep down, there was a hint of unease, but she quickly suppressed it. Before their divorce, she yearned for Gareth to fall in love with her daily. After the divorce, she never believed that Gareth would have any feelings for her. 
She knew she didn't deserve it. 
She also knew that Gareth never believed in her. 
Putting her thoughts aside, Elisa said calmly, "I'm sure." 
Eden chuckled softly, "Very well." 
With just these two words, it was hard to discern any emotions—instead, these two words were said in
a highly straightforward manner, leaving people feeling particularly skeptical. 
Everyone thought that there might be some turmoil at the banquet next. 
But... reality proved otherwise. 
Instead, it left people filled with doubt. 
Why does it feel like the thunder is loud, but the rain is sparse? Did this man retreat like that? 
Elisa furrowed her brow as she looked at the person in front of her with vigilance. Then, Eden smiled lightly and said, "After the banquet, we can only discuss matters privately." 
With that, he no longer lingered and turned to leave directly. 
He left decisively, without any nostalgia, and didn't seem to have much interest in Elisa. 
But...
###chapter1377
Chapter 1377 Tit for Tat
The man's action shifted all the attention back to Elisa. 
What's the deal with him? 
Many felt the man was not sincere when he invited Elisa for a dance. It seemed that he had an ulterior motive. 
Elisa furrowed her brows as she stared at the man leaving. 
Gareth's expression was sour as he saw Elisa looking at Eden's figure. He said suddenly, "Reluctant to see him leave?" 
She returned to her senses and turned to him with a confused look. "What nonsense are you saying?" 
He pressed his lips together and kept silent. 
Yet, he did not release the hand wrapped around her waist. They stood close together. Elisa suddenly noticed that something was off. "You can let go now." 
His frosty expression seemed to turn chilling. 
Just when Elisa expected him to release her, he walked ahead while holding her. She was forced to move along with him. She frowned. "What are you doing?" 
"What am I doing?" Gareth laughed, but it was not out of joy. 
Elisa was perplexed. 
She was bewildered but more annoyed. She could not understand why he kept acting in that manner. 
There was nothing between them. The only reason they were involved with each other was because of Grandma. But what was he doing? 
Gareth was tight-lipped. She felt it was a waste of her time and energy to say anything else. The man would never do as she said anyway. He had always done what he wanted to, whether it was when they were married or after the divorce. 
They passed by a man who had a woman by his side. The woman looked at Elisa up and down with an envious gaze. 
Elisa's eyes shook as she pretended not to notice it. Outsiders could only see the surface. She could only swallow and bear everything behind closed doors. 
The event continued. 
Eden had left the crowd and went into the room. 
He was smiling brightly on stage. Yet his expression was the opposite now that he was off the stage. 
Irene called his phone before he could give orders to his subordinates. 
He thought that it was not a coincidence. 
As expected, Irene began mocking him. "I thought you had some ingenious idea. Turns out… You're just hitting on Elisa. Let me ask, did she even spare you a glance? Say, if this is spread to Estoccia, do you think your subjects will hate Elisa if they hear what you did?" 
Eden narrowed his eyes with a dangerous glint shining in them. "You don't need to tell me what to do in my matters. You better not do the same thing as last time, or else…!" 
However, Irene did not take his warning to heart as she scoffed. "Our status is pretty much the same. You should know that we are just partners. I'm not under your command!" 
Elisa did not perish the other night. Irene would not miss this opportunity tonight. 
Eden was enraged by her tone and said carelessly, "Let's end this cooperation then. But let me warn you, if anything happens to Elisa tonight, I won't let you go!" 
He did not wait for her reply and ended the call immediately. 
###chapter1378
Chapter 1378 Time Bomb
Irene listened to the beeping end tone in her phone. Eden's grave, cold, and sullen face kept appearing in her mind. 
She was also a princess of a country. There were countless people under her! 
Yet as she received such a warning from Eden, she felt humiliated. And all of it happened because of Elisa. 
Her hatred for Elisa deepened. The rage in her eyes was fueled with resentment. 
Elisa would die in her hand sooner or later! 
… 
Elisa and Gareth found a corner without anyone else. 
There was a private room a few meters away. 
The event had not started. They could have a little time to rest in the room without any disturbances. 
Elisa immediately suggested to Gareth, "Gareth, let's go to the room." 
"Alright." 
He replied in a low voice and followed Elisa. 
When they were nearing the room, Elisa naturally pushed the hand on her waist away. 
As no one was around, they could be themselves freely. 
Elisa spotted a couch and plopped onto it. 
She raised her head and saw Gareth's frigid expression. She could not help but furrow her forehead. "What's with the face?" 
He picked her clothes. 
They were matching colors unbeknownst to her. 
Besides… 
'Knock knock' 
There was knocking on the door. 
Thomas pushed the door open. But he had an unpleasant expression on his face. 
"Mr. Wickam, Ms. Elisa, someone from the casino notified. Something unexpected came up, and the boss can not attend tonight. The banquet will be postponed until two days later. Tonight's event will just be a normal masquerade ball." 
Thomas dared not look at Gareth and Elisa. When he heard the news, he felt that the casino's boss was playing them, much less the two. 
As expected, their expression turned surly. 
Displeased, Elisa said, "I don't want to join this ball. You stay if you want. Just remember not to drink. Thomas, send me back to the hotel first." 
The casino wanted it to be brought forward, and now, they wanted to postpone it. 
Who would know what tricks they had up their sleeve? 
She had no patience to join the banquet. In any way, her main goal was obtaining Ganoderma Caligo, which could heal Grandma's sickness. 
Now that Ganoderma Caligo was in their hands, she would return the next day if Gareth wanted to stay. 
"Do you think you can leave alone when we come together?" He raised a brow and replied. 
The next moment, he was standing right before her. 
The tall figure towered over her, blocking all the lights. 
Elisa had no ion if he wanted to leave together. 
They stepped out of the casino. The group of men followed closely and cornered them into a blind alley. 
One of the men looked at them menacingly and said gruffly, "Hand over the Ganoderma Caligo, and
we'll let you go. If you refuse, I'll activate this time bomb in my hand!" 
Elisa was pleased when she saw the situation but pretended to be frightened. "Who are you?" 
She tugged Gareth's sleeve. 
Gareth immediately understood and cooperated. "We offered ten trillion for the Ganoderma Caligo at the auction…" 
###chapter1379
Chapter 1379 Do You Think We Are Still Being Watched?
'Bang!' 
Old Lace, the leader among the five men fired his gun impatiently, interrupting Gareth's words. Thomas also drew his gun but was quickly subdued by the group before he could pull the trigger. 
Seeing this, the man detoxified by Elisa revealed a time bomb in her hand and held it up, warning, "Stop! You have one minute. Give us the Ganoderma Caligo, or prepare to be blown to pieces!" 
Elisa feigned anxiety and suggested, "Gareth, just give them the Ganoderma Caligo. The casino owner is hosting a party in two days; we can ask him where else to get it again." 
Gareth looked grim, with a furrowed brow, but said nothing. 
Elisa didn't pay much heed and immediately handed over the fake Ganoderma Caligo to the man known as Terry, all while giving him a subtle nod. 
Terry sneered, "You're smart and know when to back down! Consider yourself lucky this time!" 
They took the Ganoderma Caligo and drove away. 
"Terry, what if Boss catches wind of something fishy when we bring back the Ganoderma Caligo like this..." 
Old Lace was freaking out, worried sick about the possibility of their Boss sniffing out their deeds, especially since, except for Terry, they were still stuck with the d*mn poison coursing through their veins! 
Despite their doubts and fears, Terry backed Elisa steadfastly, "I trust Ms. Benett. I saw a doctor who confirmed that I was free from poison. Ms. Benett doesn't know which doctor I visited, so collusion is impossible. Boss desperately needs the Ganoderma Caligo, and Ms. Benett has a plan. Back there, she signaled me to take all of you to her once the Ganoderma Caligo is delivered." 
The others were hesitant and nervous, but they had no alternative but to follow Terry's lead. 
Elisa sighed, "We were too careless. Our original plan was to negotiate with the casino owner tonight using the Ganoderma Caligo, but now..." 
"We had no other choice. When our lives are on the line, discarding our plans is the only way forward," Gareth asserted in a frigid tone, his expression devoid of empathy. 
Thomas waited to start the car until Elisa and Gareth settled in the back seat. 
Glancing at the rearview mirror, he saw Elisa leaning back in her seat, her eyes focused on her phone, while Gareth kept his gaze fixed. Though they remained silent, the tension on their faces had dissipated. 
Thomas couldn't help but ask, "Ms. Benett, do you think we're still being watched?" 
"That's for sure," Elisa replied, sitting straight in her seat. She chuckled softly, "with so many people bidding for the Ganoderma Caligo and being unable to get it through legitimate means, they will undoubtedly resort to underhanded tactics!" 
This was precisely why she saw potential in the five of the men. 
Moreover, it was fortunate that their boss had a deep-seated distrust of others and relied on poison to maintain control, which presented an opportunity for her. 
She went along with the situation, putting on a performance in front of others and allowing those around them to believe that the Ganoderma Caligo had been stolen by someone else. 
By doing so, their focus would shift away from them!
###chapter1380
Chapter 1380 Steadily Dropping
Upon hearing her words, Thomas had a sudden realization and a smile formed on his face. He complimented, "Ms. Benett, you're amazing!" 
However, Elisa didn't attribute their success solely to herself. She also recognized the great collaboration of Gareth, who was seated beside her, "And thanks to Mr. Wickam's cooperation as well." 
At that moment, Thomas found himself at a loss for words because Elisa was right. Mr. Wickam's cooperation had indeed caught him off guard. However, Elisa's dedication and hard work made everything possible. 
From his vantage point, he could see that they were in sync. If they hadn't gotten divorced, their relationship would have likely evolved to a more intimate stage by now. 
But despite his wish to see them get back together, he never dared to play the matchmaker! 
Nicole had just arrived at the casino when she received an update from her subordinate, "Ms. Tabor, the party organized by KKCD has been postponed to two days later, and it's now a masquerade ball. Many people have left because of the delay, including Gareth and Elisa." 
Feeling frustrated that she had come for nothing, Nicole's expression turned grim. She immediately went to the place where Aaron was being held. 
Aaron saw her and grinned mischievously, "Did you miss me, Baby?" 
Nicole glared at him and asked, "What do you think?" 
Aaron smirked, "I think you did." 
A storm brewed on Nicole's face as she sneered at the smug Aaron before her. "Do you honestly think your disgusting smile will make me go easy on you?" 
"I never expected you'd go easy on me," Aaron replied with a chuckle. 
"When you're chasing after someone, it's to be expected that obstacles will arise, and I understand that you still hold a grudge. But keep in mind that fortunes can be fickle." Despite his chuckle, delivered in a hoarse tone, Aaron's arrogance showed no sign of waning in Nicole's eyes. 
"Don't for a second think that your smile can fool me," Nicole retorted with a hard edge to her voice. 
"You're already trapped here by me, and there's no way you're getting out anytime soon." 
Aaron's smirk remained on his face, and he drew out his words, sounding incredibly wicked and dangerous as he said, "Care for a little bet?" 
"On what?" Nicole asked, her brows furrowed with intense confusion. 
She had kept him locked up for several days, but he had never once begged for her mercy. 
There was never even a hint of fear in his eyes! 
Seeing that he had piqued Nicole's interest, Aaron's smirk grew even more pronounced and menacing as he said, "Let's bet on whether or not you'll fall in love with me." 
"... F*ck off!" 
Upon hearing such a bet, Nicole's patience evaporated instantly, especially considering the steamy night they had spent together that continued to linger in her mind. 
If it were not for him, she wouldn't have spent the past few days anxiously awaiting the chance to mate with Gareth. If it weren't for him, she wouldn't have had to hastily escape from Elisa or play a game of cat and mouse, avoiding them at every turn! 
Though Nicole was more frustrated than ever, she managed to restrain her emotions, turned around, and departed from the small, dark room. Aaron watched her go as a faint smile played about his lips. 
Meanwhile, in Gareth's room, Elisa grew suspicious as she watched Thomas enter with two blankets. Intrigued, she followed him inside and was taken aback to find Gareth lying on the bed, bundled up in the two blankets. 
Furrowing her brows, she approached him and gently placed her hand on his pulse. It became evident to her that his pulse was feeble and his body temperature was steadily dropping. 
###chapter1381
Chapter 1381 Cut the Crap
Elisa furrowed her brow, her expression growing solemn, "What did he eat today?" 
Thomas' worry grew evident in his voice as he shared, "Mr. Wickam was with you all day today. We ate together, but we were both feeling fine. He started developing symptoms shortly after we got back from the casino. I was going to inform you, but he won't let me..." 
Thomas quickly covered Gareth with the two blankets he was holding. 
Gareth's hands trembled uncontrollably in that instant, and his palms felt icy cold. Elisa's brow furrowed as she observed the unsettling scene. 
Realizing that Gareth hadn't eaten anything out of the ordinary, Elisa immediately concluded that the poison he had been given was intended to induce chills. 
"Increase the room temperature," she instructed Thomas. "I'll go get some medicine for him." 
As she turned to leave, however, Thomas stopped her. "Let me go instead, Ms. Benett," 
He voiced out, "If the enemy exploits the situation and attempts to harm you, it would be catastrophic." 
Gareth's top priority now was to keep Elisa by his side, and Thomas had already gone above and beyond to help him achieve that. Elisa remained unperturbed by the idea of anyone taking advantage of the circumstances to harm her. 
She chuckled and quipped, "Who would do that to me now that the Ganoderma Caligo has been taken?" 
Thomas' anxiety grew as he heard her words and looked concerned at Gareth. 
"But given Mr. Wickam's current condition, I wouldn't know what to do if something unexpected were to occur while you're away." 
Elisa glanced at Gareth and saw he was shivering under layers of blankets. Thomas had a point. She had to find a middle ground. 
"Then I'll send you the name of the medicines. Please make sure you come back as soon as possible." 
"Okay," Thomas replied and immediately set off. 
After he left, Elisa quickly switched on the room's air conditioner. The elevated temperature caused her to sweat profusely, yet she couldn't help but worry about Gareth's condition. 
This was the latest, highly potent medication developed in the black market. Its effects were instant and formidable. If ingested without engaging in sexual activity with a woman, it would cause severe bleeding, ultimately leading to a violent death. 
Even if someone utilized a drug to suppress the toxicity, the poison would persist in the body, leading to a two-stage reversal. Initially, the body would become intensely hot, followed by an equally chilling phase in the later stages. 
There was presently no available antidote. 
Upon reaching those concluding remarks, Elisa's gaze immediately shifted toward Gareth. 
Gareth's symptoms showed no signs of improvement. 
She had no option but to return to her room and retrieve her blanket to cover him. "Hang in there, Gareth. Thomas will be back soon." 
She couldn't simply stand by and do nothing while watching his critical state. 
However, Gareth also noticed Elisa drenched in sweat. Furrowing his brows, he told her, "You... leave..." 
Hearing his words, Elisa responded indignantly, "If I were to leave at this critical moment and something happened to you, wouldn't I be held responsible? I have promised Grandma to look after you, so cut the crap!" 
Just as Gareth was about to utter another word, a frazzle struck him. His eyelids grew increasingly heavy, and he eventually succumbed to darkness, losing consciousness. 
Upon witnessing Gareth's condition, Elisa swiftly applied pressure to his acupuncture point and administered a precisely placed needle. 
By the time Thomas returned, Elisa's clothes were completely drenched, yet she remained steadfast in her determination to prepare a medicinal bath for Gareth. 
###chapter1382
Chapter 1382 No One Knows You Here
After everything was settled, Elisa delegated the remaining tasks to Thomas. 
"Keep a close watch on him and ensure he stays in the bath for at least two hours. Add hot water whenever the water cools." 
"Sure, Ms. Benett. You should go rest now," Thomas remarked, noticing Elisa's drenched sweat and weary expression. 
Elisa nodded and exited Gareth's room. 
Surprisingly, less than an hour after Elisa left. Gareth regained consciousness, opening his eyes while immersed in the medicinal bath. 
Thomas, who couldn't bear the humid and hot room, had removed his shirt. He was ecstatic when he saw Gareth regain consciousness, "You're finally awake, Mr. Wickam!" 
Seeing Thomas' muscular chest, Gareth furrowed, "What's going on? Where is she?" 
Thomas immediately realized that Gareth was referring to Elisa and expressing his displeasure. He quickly explained, "Mr. Wickam, you were feeling so cold, and with the high room temperature, I had to stay with you, but it was so hot, and I... She couldn't stand it here, so... after Ms. Benett prepared the medicinal bath for you, she returned to her room to rest." 
"Get out now," Gareth ordered though he looked much more at ease.
Thomas dared not disobey his order. 
Just as Thomas exited the room, he accidentally bumped into Elisa. 
The latter swiftly understood the situation and inquired about Gareth's condition. 
"How is he? Considering his condition, I suppose it will take a while until he's healthy to be allowed to discharge. Given his sensitivity to the cold, it would be good for him to increase his sun exposure." 
"In that case, tomorrow you drive us to the beach. A seafood feast will also help improve his condition," 
Meanwhile, Thomas appeared somewhat pitiful and aggrieved. 
Elisa found Thomas' reaction somewhat amusing. 
She chuckled and said, "You should be grateful he didn't beat you up." 
With that, she turned, walked away, and left Thomas alone. 
Thomas let out a deep sigh. 
He understood the situation, yet he couldn't help but feel wronged. 
After all, he hadn't done anything to deserve it! 
The following day, Thomas drove them to the beach. 
Once they checked in at the hotel and deposited their belongings, Elisa changed into her beachwear. She embarked on their excursion, clad in sun-protective clothing. 
Gareth opted for a pair of beach shorts in a light color palette. 
He seemed reluctant to wear them, as Thomas could discern from his chilly expression. 
However, with Gareth's health in mind, Thomas urged, "Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett has already set off. Remember how you were shivering last night? And let's not forget that Ms. Benett agreed to accompany you to the beach. It's a wonderful opportunity, isn't it?" 
Gareth remained silent but cast Thomas a frigid glance. 
Soon after, he left Thomas behind and strode toward the beach. 
Upon reaching the shoreline, Elisa was already leisurely reclining on a wicker chair, holding a glass of juice. 
On the other hand, Gareth placed a bottle of medicinal oil on the table before her. 
"What's the matter?" As she saw him casually placing the items in front of her, Elisa couldn't help but frown and scowl at him. 
Gareth replied sternly, "I don't want to get sunburned." 
"Oh?" Elisa turned her head, displaying an indifferent expression as if she couldn't be bothered. "Isn't Thomas here?" 
Gareth's expression immediately turned sour, his words filled with a hint of grudges. "I don't want to be the center of attention." 
It was indeed an odd situation with two grown men. 
However, in a playful mood, she chuckled and retorted, "If you don't want to be the center of attention, put on sunglasses and avoid looking at them. Besides, we're in a foreign country; no one knows you here." 
###chapter1383
Chapter 1383 Intruder
Gareth wasn't particularly polite when asking for her help. She wasn't his servant, so she couldn't be bothered. 
"It feels wrong," Gareth mumbled, his expression serious and cold. 
But Elisa didn't heed his chagrin, "Then let Thomas help you apply it in your room, and then you come out..." 
"This is medicinal oil." 
Gareth effectively silenced Elisa with a single sentence. 
Elisa knew her way around medicine and understood his message loud and clear. 
To properly absorb the medicinal oil required skilled massage techniques. 
This guy had the nerve to ask for her help without even a hint of politeness. 
Reluctantly, but considering his current condition, Elisa held back her dissatisfaction towards his unkind request. 
"Go lie down on the beach," Elisa instructed, grabbing the bottle of medicinal oil from the table and tossing it to Gareth. 
Gareth complied without putting up a fight. 
Being a professional, Elisa swiftly applied the oil and skillfully massaged him. 
After finishing the massage, Elisa forcefully slapped his back a few times. "Alright, you've had enough sun for two hours." 
Gareth's disrespectful attitude certainly warranted Elisa's less-than-polite handling! 
The sun at the beach was intense, and after two hours, the contrast between Gareth's sun-kissed skin and Elisa's fair complexion was very much noticeable. 
Thomas also noticed it but chose not to comment. 
However, just as they were about to sit down for a meal, an unwanted guest arrived. 
"Hi, Ms. Benett, looks like we've crossed paths again," Eden chimed in with a playful tone and a mischievous smile, his wicked face looming in front of Elisa. 
Elisa's expression soured, but she remained focused on her meal without acknowledging him. 
Undeterred, Eden casually pulled up a chair and sat next to Elisa. 
Today, he wore a white shirt with the top two buttons unfastened and the chest slightly exposed, revealing his fair skin. 
Leaning against the back of the chair, he exuded an air of wickedness, decadence, and arrogance. 
"Ms. Benett, we didn't have a chance to say goodbye at the banquet. As the saying goes, 'absence
makes the heart grow fonder.' I actually dreamt about you last night," he said with a hint of teasing in his voice. 
Seeing Elisa's lack of response, Eden smirked, his words carrying a touch of provocation. 
Why did he openly confess that he dreamt about her? It was pretty clear that such words held a specific erotic meaning. 
Thomas also noticed it but chose not to comment. 
However, Elisa knew that Eden was deliberately trying to provoke her. She had no intention of falling into his trap. Maintaining a composed demeanor, she deliberately avoided making eye contact with him. 
"Thomas, please show him out," Gareth instructed. Well, Elisa could pretend Eden was invisible, but he couldn't. 
Gareth had no interest in sharing a table with strangers, especially someone as talkative as Eden. 
Noticing Gareth's cold and flustered expression, Thomas promptly followed his command and addressed Eden, "Sir, it's our dining time now. Please wait until we finish our meal if you have something to discuss." 
Eden completely disregarded Thomas' words. He leaned closer to Elisa and casually asked, "I haven't eaten and am hungry. Mind if I join you, Ms. Benett?" 
Only then Elisa turned her gaze toward him. 
Even though that wasn't the case, Elisa realized that Eden had a way with words, making it seem like they were long-time friends. She couldn't help but wonder about Eden's motivations. 
"Liz, if you find it too noisy or hot here, we can have our food packed and dine in our room," Gareth suggested, an imperious smile forming on his face, making it clear that his proposal left no room for ions. 
###chapter1384
Chapter 1384 Who Can Stand Him?
Those eyes were filled with chilling intensity. 
However, Elisa was preoccupied with Eden at the moment. 
Despite being shamed by her the day before, Eden continued to show up by her side repeatedly, unfazed. 
She couldn't help but wonder about Eden's motives! 
However, Elisa's negligence immediately cast a shadow over Gareth's face, silently causing concern for Thomas, who stood nearby. 
"Indeed, power and wealth can be incredibly tempting," Gareth remarked, setting down his chopsticks without any desire to eat. 
'Clatter' 
The sudden noise captured Elisa's attention, and she immediately noticed Gareth's icy gaze, cutting through the air like a sharpened blade directly aimed at her. 
A surge of unease washed over Elisa, instantly killing her appetite. 
Annoyed, she asked Gareth, "What are you trying to say?" 
His unexpected statement left her utterly bewildered. 
"The literal meaning," Gareth replied indifferently, his words dripping with coldness. 
Meanwhile, Eden smirked, thoroughly relishing the drama he had set in motion. He was pleased with his scheme. 
"Liz, can you believe his nerve to say such rude things to you? It's a good thing you divorced him; otherwise, he would have gotten even worse and made you go crazy," Eden remarked sarcastically. 
"I don't care that you've divorced. All I know is that I care about you and genuinely like you. Just consider me, would you?" Eden looked at Elisa, exuding confidence in his words and the smile adorning his face. 
Eden's prideful smile and words left no doubt about his determination to win her over. 
With narrowed eyes, Elisa said, "You're absolutely right. I'm divorced. If I were to consider marrying again, I would carefully assess the conditions and stability the other person could offer. So give me reasons why should I consider you? And who is that woman standing behind you?" 
Elisa's lips curled with a mocking smile as she spoke intentionally. 
Being no fool, Eden was well aware of Elisa's deliberate intent. 
He also knew that Gareth's cold and piercing gaze was fixed upon them. 
Smiling, he explained, "I can assure you a lifetime of stability and endless riches." 
Aware of his identity and abilities, Elisa played along, "Words alone don't convince me. I could also
boast about being rich without showing evidence. Plus, you keep making all these assurances without any proof. Why don't you start by showing your sincerity and telling me who that person behind you is? In a normal circumstance, shouldn't you open your cards first?" 
"I don't care that you've divorced. All I know is that I care about you and genuinely like you. Just consider me, would you?" Eden looked at Elisa, exuding confidence in his words and the smile adorning his face. 
A deep and meaningful smile formed on Elisa's lips. 
Thomas glanced at Elisa and Eden, then looked at Gareth beside him. 
The visage of Gareth resembled a glacial ice sheet, and the wintry chill in his eyes sent a shiver down Thomas' spine. 
Just as Gareth was about to say something, his phone rang. 
It was Jeremy. 
Gareth grasped his phone and rose to his feet, intending to answer the incoming call. 
"Ms. Benett, besides seafood, what other food choices should we consider for Mr. Wickam's health?" Thomas quickly consulted as he noticed Gareth's absence. 
Gareth's frustration grew as possessiveness was a strong trait in men. It pained him to see the woman he loved engaging in laughter and conversation with another man, testing his ability to endure. 
Thomas' intrusion prompted Elisa to realize Gareth's absence. 
"Didn't he already say he wasn't hungry?" Elisa furrowed her brows, clearly displeased. 
He hadn't eaten a thing and was being so unnecessarily moody. Why should she bother looking after him? Elisa couldn't care less as long as the shivering episode from last night didn't repeat itself. 
###chapter1385
Chapter 1385 Why Should I Trust You?
"I wonder what Ms. Benett feels about me. But if I were to demonstrate my sincerity, it would be plain and simple. Nevertheless, Ms. Benett, I believe I deserve you," Eden stated in a condescending manner. 
However, the more he persisted, Elisa felt skeptical of his boastful remarks. 
"I have no interest in a man who keeps offering and claiming he's the perfect match for me. Does that automatically make it true, especially for someone like you, merely claiming to be worthy? Why should I trust you?" Elisa sneered, then rose to her feet the next moment. 
Noticing Elisa's intention to leave, Eden quickly interjected, "You turned down my dinner invitation last night. I hope you won't reject me again today, Ms. Benett?" 
Eden stood up and reached out to halt Elisa's departure, yet her silence spoke volumes through her disdainful glare. 
Eden retracted his hand to respect her choice, but his smile grew even more profound and captivating. 
Looking at his condescending manner, Elisa asked indifferently, "Didn't you say you were hungry?" 
"It's no fun eating alone," Eden replied. 
Of course, Eden was well aware of what Elisa's aloof demeanor indicated, but he couldn't let her get away again without trying. 
Immediately after, Eden beckoned the waiter and said, "I've thought about what you've said, and you
made sense. Let's sit down and continue our conversation over a meal, shall we?" 
He directed the invitation to Elisa, wearing a charming smile. 
However, Elisa wasn't impressed or swayed by his tenderness or chivalry. On the contrary, his actions and smooth words evoked a sense of aversion within her. 
"No, thank you!" Elisa firmly rejected, standing up and refusing to give Eden any satisfaction or further attention. 
As Elisa turned to leave, Eden's smile vanished in an instant. 
This marked the third time Elisa had rejected him! 
They said, 'Three strikes and you're out.' Eden's patience with her was wearing thin... 
On the other hand, after finishing the call with Jeremy, Gareth returned to find that Elisa and Eden were gone. 
Thomas greeted him without delay, "Mr. Wickam, based on my observation, I can assure you that Ms. Benett didn't entertain that man. I've already arranged a meal for both of you in the room." 
It was evident that Eden's actions had provoked Gareth, leading him to misunderstand Elisa. 
Thomas understood that being a competent assistant meant solving work-related issues and playing a role in his boss's love life as a mediator. 
Considering Gareth's volatile temperament, Thomas knew that completing tasks efficiently and with enjoyment was only possible when his boss was in a good mood. And it was evident to Thomas that Elisa had the power to influence Mr. Wickam's mood! 
He directed the invitation to Elisa, wearing a charming smile. 
Gareth and the waiter entered the room one after the other. As Gareth swiped the room card and stepped in, Elisa sat up from the sofa. 
"Didn't you say you don't want to eat?" Elisa said, and the next second, he approached her. 
"Well, I can't risk poisoning myself," Gareth replied, stepping closer to her. 
Elisa smiled coldly and continued, "Serves you right then." 
"Don't I have you here? Or are you contemplating going with Eden...?" Gareth responded, understanding that Elisa was purposely teasing him. Nevertheless, he remained composed, showing no signs of being bothered. 
However, his expression turned grave as memories of Eden's inciting and provocative attempts replayed in his mind. 
Meanwhile, Elisa chuckled and deliberately taunted Gareth, "Even if something is going on between me and Eden, it doesn't concern you, does it, Mr. Wickam?" 
Gareth's expression turned resolute and intense at Elisa's provocation. He was ready to respond to her when a knocking sound came from outside the door, interrupting their conversation. 
###chapter1386
Roses
Intrigued by the potential visitor at the door, Gareth swiftly rose from his seat, his face assuming a dark and apathetic expression as if enveloped in shadow. 
"I'll go and see who it is." 
Yet, Elisa noticed that as Gareth opened the door, his expression turned even darker. 
A slight sense of unease crept over her. Could it really be Eden standing outside the room? 
Right then, a well-spoken and courteous voice said, "May I ask if Ms. Elisa Benett is available? A gentleman has ordered a bouquet of 999 roses to be delivered to her." 
But in the next instant, Gareth erupted, "F*ck off!" 
With a resounding bang, Gareth slammed the door shut. 
Elisa remained silent, but her displeasure was evident on her face. 
She couldn't understand why a wealthy man like Eden would continue to pursue her relentlessly, even after she had rejected him three times. 
He even went to the extent of sending her a message. 
Eden: 'Darling, shall I deal with that irrationally furious man for you? Please don't go back to him who doesn't appreciate you. Direct your attention towards me instead. How about joining me at the barbecue party tonight?' 
Hmm, that might be worth considering. 
If she agreed to go out with him once, Eden would likely expose his motive, allowing her to finally discover what he was after. 
Elisa: 'Alright then. Since you've been so persistent in inviting me.' 
Eden: 'Cool! See you at 10 p.m. sharp!' 
Elisa could already envision the scheming smug smirk on his face. However, it was still premature to determine who would emerge as the victor and who would be the loser! 
Considering this, a faint smile formed on her face. However, her tranquility was abruptly shattered as Gareth's frigid voice pierced through, "Who are you chatting with? That Eden guy?" 
Something about Elisa's smile rubbed Gareth the wrong way, causing an unexplained irritation. 
Elisa was truthful and said, "Yes, it's him. He has made advances toward me on numerous occasions, and I want to find out his true intentions. If necessary, I hope you can cooperate with me tonight." 
Gareth remained silent, his lips tightly pressed into a thin line. 
Ultimately, Elisa chose this method to probe into Eden's intentions, despite being fully aware of his ruthless and ingenuine nature. 
Deep down in Gareth's heart, there was an indescribable, stifling feeling. 
In fact, he had lost all appetite, even for the seafood dishes Thomas had ordered. 
Noticing Gareth motionless, showing no interest in the seafood before him, she furrowed and commented, "Given your poor health condition, consuming seafood aids in your recovery. If you ignore the doctor's advice, don't come running after me later!" 
Elisa: 'Alright then. Since you've been so persistent in inviting me.' 
With that, Elisa started digging in. 
Due to Eden's sudden intrusion, she hadn't had much to eat. 
Even though she had intentionally provoked Gareth earlier, she didn't want to push herself to the point of hunger either. 
"Mm." 
In the end, Gareth joined her for the scrumptious seafood treat. 
They stayed in a suite, mainly because it would give Elisa space to handle unexpected situations with Gareth. At the same time, Thomas saw it as an opportunity to spark their affection for each other by staying together. 
After finishing the meal, her phone suddenly rang as Elisa was about to return to her room. 
Instinctively, she reached into her pocket and pulled out her phone. 
Unbeknownst to her, Gareth had been staring at her, observing her every action. 
In that moment when a smile formed on Elisa's lips, an indescribable anger surged within Gareth. But in the next second, he heard Elisa's playful voice: 
"I never thought the esteemed Mr. Vincent Shane would actually call me for advice." 
###chapter1387
Chapter 1387 Playful Banter
Upon hearing that it was Vincent on the other end of the line, Gareth's furrowed brows eased, and the restlessness and anger in his heart gradually dissipated. 
Gareth was taken aback by this sudden shift in his emotions. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had made her way to the terrace and leaned against the railing, a playful smile gracing her lips. She quipped, "Wooing Rachel can be both simple and difficult, but the key is to understand and cater to her preferences." 
It never occurred to her that Vincent would call her for advice. 
Elisa was willing to share all her knowledge about Rachel and help Vincent in navigating their complex situation. However, the decision on how much Vincent would compromise for Rachel ultimately rested with him. 
Their situation was intricately tangled, and Elisa was unsure of Vincent's desires for a future with Rachel. 
In fact, Rachel also had feelings for Vincent. And Elisa's role was limited to offering words and suggestions. Whether their paths were meant to cross if Vincent genuinely sought redemption and if Rachel was willing to forgive him... Only time could tell. Elisa could only observe from the sidelines. 
Vincent, on the other hand, was in a dilemma. "How do I cater to her preferences?" 
"Find out what she likes and enjoys doing, and ask her out. She's straightforward, so it's better to be direct with her," Elisa said, smiling. 
"I... I've asked her out many times, but she just refuses!" Vincent felt somewhat frustrated. 
Frustrated with the constant bickering and stagnation in his friendship with Rachel, he wondered if confessing his feelings would push her further away. 
Vincent felt a sense of turmoil as he recalled a friend's similar experience, where the relationship soured to losing their friendship altogether. 
In distress, Vincent finally swallowed his pride and consulted with Elisa. 
Elisa replied, "Sorry, I can't help you right now. I've got some stuff to sort out here, and it looks like I won't be able to wrap it up for another four or five days." 
Vincent was a bit surprised by the timeframe. "Really? I thought it would only take two or three days. Why's it taking so long?" 
Showing her frustration, Elisa shrugged and said, "I wish I could speed things up, but Gareth's dealing with some unexpected problems. If you need my help, you'll have to wait until I'm back." 
"So, what's his deal?" Vincent asked nonchalantly, but Elisa could detect the underlying concern between close friends. 
Elisa didn't elaborate much, stating simply, "Don't worry, he's not in any danger." 
"Tsk," Vincent sneered, "that lucky b*stard always manages to escape unscathed. It wouldn't hurt for him to stumble a bit more along the way." 
"I... I've asked her out many times, but she just refuses!" Vincent felt somewhat frustrated. 
Elisa raised an eyebrow in response, choosing to remain silent. 
After a moment of silence, Vincent's voice came through. 
"Alright, then I'll wait for your return." Vincent still believed that having Elisa's help would be more reliable. 
"Sure." 
Afterward, Elisa ended the call. 
Upon entering the living room, Elisa noticed Gareth still seated on the sofa, engrossed in his phone, evidently preoccupied with company matters. 
Respecting his concentration, Elisa refrained from disturbing him and quietly retreated to her room. 
Meanwhile, Thomas took the opportunity to update Gareth on the progress of the assigned tasks. "That guy Eden is making preparations for tonight's barbecue. We've reached out to others for further investigation, and the information gathered by Ms. Benett aligns with our findings. Now, as for that woman... the casino's surveillance footage only captured her fleeing the private room, and conveniently enough, the casino claims that all their cameras malfunctioned." 
"We've made every effort to communicate with the casino, but they consider that woman inconsequential and not worth investing a fortune to rectify the camera issue." 
###chapter1388
Chapter 1388 Invite Me?
Moreover, the casino conveniently received a deposit of thirty million into their account within three minutes of the surveillance glitches without appearing to face any repercussions or losses. Given this situation, the casino had even less motivation to rectify the surveillance footage. Furthermore, there were several blind spots surrounding the private room they occupied. 
"Did you follow Elisa's suggestion during the investigation?" Gareth's brows furrowed, and a cold expression settled as he listened to Thomas' report. 
While it was confirmed that Eden had a secretive and elusive identity, making it challenging to trace him, Nicole's whereabouts shouldn't have been untraceable. 
Thomas observed Gareth's reaction and hesitated, "Mr. Wickam, I followed Ms. Benett's instructions, but once Nicole and the man accompanying her left the casino, there was no evidence of her presence. However, Ms. Benett's suspicion is not without merit. I was thinking... perhaps you could consider a more strategic approach?" 
Thomas' suggestion was met with an intense gaze from Gareth, his eyes narrowed with scrutiny, "Is that what you consider a good plan?" 
"No, no... Mr. Wickam, it's just a suggestion. I mean, considering that Ms. Tabor... has feelings for you. You don't have to go to extremes. Just ask her out, have a conversation with her, like Ms. Benett did..." Thomas uttered while carefully observing Gareth's reaction. 
"It's not about using your charm and good looks to manipulate the situation. It's simply about having a casual meeting and conversation. You wouldn't be risking anything." 
Thomas believed that Elisa handled it well and it was worth taking a cue from her approach. 
However, the gleam in Gareth's profound eyes intensified at Thomas' words. 
In an instant, Thomas knew better than to utter another word. Without hesitation, Gareth responded sternly, "You have three days to find out if that woman is Nicole. If you fail, you can pack your stuff and leave." 
With that, Gareth left Thomas standing alone in the living room. 
Thomas sighed as he observed Gareth's imposing figure and detached demeanor. 
While Gareth had reservations about employing a charming ploy or meeting Nicole in person, that didn't mean Thomas couldn't leverage Gareth's name to extend an invitation. 
Although it meant going against Gareth's principles, it offered a viable solution. Considering the risks involved in both options, why not pursue this feasible course of action? 
Thomas' mind raced with an idea, and he wasted no time putting it into motion. 
Without delay, he located the hotel where Nicole was staying in Moranta and personally visited her. 
"Mr. May?" Thomas' abrupt show-up caught Nicole off guard, but the latter composed herself to avoid giving anything away. 
Thomas smiled politely, "There's a barbecue party at Moonlight Coast tonight at 10 o'clock. Mr. Wickam personally asked me to extend an invitation to you. I was wondering if you would be available?" 
Nicole was startled, "Invite me?" 
Deep down, she felt a surge of delight. 
However, doubts began to creep into her mind. Why would Gareth suddenly invite her to a party? 
While Nicole wanted to believe that Gareth's invitation was sincere, she wasn't gullible or oblivious. Furthermore, recent events had left her feeling somewhat uneasy. 
After a momentary pause, Nicole glanced at Thomas. She instinctively inquired, "Is Mr. Wickam looking to discuss a business proposition with me?" 
Having dedicated herself to emulating Gareth's success and being by his side, Nicole was more than willing to accept his invitation, hoping it would further her aspirations.
###chapter1389
Chapter 1389 You Gotta Be Kidding Me!
However, the memories of her hastily fleeing the private room disguised as Elisa had haunted her for quite some time. 
On that day, when she made eye contact with Elisa at the restaurant, Nicole felt that tonight's barbecue party held more significance than just a casual gathering. 
She pressed her lips together and, noticing Thomas' smiling yet non-committal expression, inquired again, "Mr. May, is Mr. Wickam's invitation exclusively for me, or is it open to everyone?" 
While she didn't explicitly mention it, Thomas grasped the underlying implication— the person she was referring to was Elisa. 
Thomas chuckled and responded, "Ms. Tabor, after encountering you in a foreign land and having a brief interaction with you at the restaurant that day, Mr. Wickam took into account the connections between the Wickam and Tabor families and their business interactions. A barbecue party is always more enjoyable with a larger gathering, don't you think?" 
It wasn't an exclusive invitation... 
Upon hearing Thomas' explanation, Nicole felt relief wash over her. 
"In that case, please convey my sincere thanks to Mr. Wickam. I will gladly accept the invitation and attend the barbecue party tonight," Nicole responded, her smile radiating warmth. 
Since it wasn't an exclusive invitation, declining would raise unnecessary suspicions. 
By attending, she would demonstrate her trust in Gareth and Elisa and dispel any doubts others may have. 
"Of course, Ms. Tabor," Thomas replied casually before excusing himself. 
After Thomas left, Nicole reached for her phone and dialed a number. 
"I have a barbecue party to attend tonight. Please handle all the necessary arrangements for me." 
At nine o'clock in the night, Eden stood outside Elisa's room, carrying carefully selected clothes and a bouquet of flowers. 
Knowing that Elisa and Gareth had booked a spacious suite, Eden didn't want his pleasant mood to be dampened by Gareth's presence. 
To avoid any surprises, he decided to call Elisa ahead of time. 
Elisa was puzzled when she received Eden's call. 
"I thought I've already agreed to attend your barbeque party?" she answered the call, confused. 
Eden chuckled and replied, "That's precisely why I want to be genuine. I'm outside your room, Liz. Could you please open it for me?" 
He deliberately elongated his words, his voice laced with heavy amusement. 
Hearing Eden call her 'Liz' sent a shiver down Elisa's spine, evoking a strong sense of disgust. 
"Excuse me, we're not on such familiar terms." 
Eden, however, raised an eyebrow nonchalantly. 
"Familiarity comes with time. Even your ex-husband calls you that, whereas I always call you Ms. Benett. Wouldn't it be strange otherwise? You should know I'm pursuing and aiming to marry you as my wife." 
Elisa didn't believe his nonsense and responded coldly, "Does it have to be now? Can we talk about it at the barbecue party?" 
"You'll find out when you come out," Eden teased, creating suspense. 
Initially, Elisa wanted to refuse, but she thought it over. She had already agreed to his invitation, so it wouldn't be right to back out now. 
Additionally, she believed Eden wouldn't resort to harming her since he hadn't achieved his desired outcome. 
As she unlocked the door, she was greeted by Eden, who held an elegant shopping bag in one hand and gently cradled ninety-nine roses in the other. 
Without hesitation, Eden presented her with the items, remarking, "Wear this later, and may these roses brighten your day." 
A smile formed on his lips as he greeted her, 
Elisa's eyes narrowed, "You gotta be kidding me. Are you sure you're not mentally unfit?" 
A barbecue party where he dressed in black and she wore a formal dress? 
"Well, in that case, maybe you're the remedy," Eden replied, his smile in response to Elisa's remark. However, his words left Elisa with a heavy heart. 
###chapter1390
Chapter 1390 Love at First Sight
Eden was aware of her medical expertise and intuitive nature. There was more to his knowledge than met the eye. 
Elisa's lips curved into a smirk as she responded, "My consultation fee is steep, and I don't treat patients with mental disorders. Keep the dress with you. I have no use for them!" 
Her words dripped with coldness and indifference while a smile played on her lips. 
As she prepared to close the door, Eden swiftly extended his leg, placing it horizontally in the doorway, thwarting Elisa's attempt. 
A smile lingered on Eden's lips as he stood beneath the soft glow of the light, donning a smoky gray shirt that exuded a hint of wickedness and ethereal charm. 
Elisa felt her annoyance growing with each passing moment of Eden's presence. She mustered a slight smile and swiftly aimed a well-aimed kick at Eden's knee, precisely hitting his acupoint. 
Eden winced in pain but remained silent as he withdrew his foot. 
Unfazed by his endurance, Elisa slammed the door shut, cutting off any further interaction. 
She had her limits, and if repeated warnings went unheeded, she was not to be blamed for taking decisive action! 
In an instant, Eden stepped back, and two burly bodyguards dressed in sleek black suits emerged from the shadows. 
"Your Highness, are you alright? Do you need us..." One of the bodyguards intervened and said, but Eden cut him off with a beckon. 
"I don't need your interference, and make sure they know not to meddle either. I can handle Elisa!" 
The faces of the two bodyguards subtly changed, and one of them whispered, "But the Princess is already livid. She claims you're not taking things seriously and engaging in promiscuous relationships. Her suggestion is to seize the opportunity and quickly eliminate Elisa Benett!" 
Upon hearing this, Eden's expression immediately darkened. His gaze narrowed, and in the next second, he swiftly locked the bodyguard by the throat. 
'Thump!' 
'Crack!' 
Two sounds resonated simultaneously. A scornful smirk formed on Eden's face as the bodyguard collapsed. 
"Go back and tell her if she values her current position, she'd better keep her nose out of my business." 
The other bodyguard's face had drained of color due to fear, rendering him speechless. 
However, he had no choice but to heed Eden's words. "Yes, Your Highness." 
"Get rid of the body," Eden said icily before placing the clothes and flowers on Elisa's doorstep. He then
turned around and walked away. 
Meanwhile, Elisa witnessed the entire incident through the peephole. 
However, Elisa couldn't catch any conversation between Eden and the two bodyguards due to the room's excellent soundproofing. She could only witness Eden's ruthless actions firsthand. 
Everything unfolded just as she had anticipated. Eden, this man, was both ruthless and dangerous. 
"If you're so unwilling, why didn't you leave together earlier?" Gareth's voice suddenly pierced Elisa's ears, infused with a touch of mockery. 
"Why do you care?" Elisa cast a disdainful glance at Gareth. 
Gareth's contemptible words were growing increasingly sarcastic. 
She couldn't be bothered to deal with him anymore and simply turned her back on him. 
A few minutes later, she went out and brought in the things Eden had left behind. 
Since Eden had personally delivered the dress, it was only polite for her to reciprocate his sincerity and go along with his intentions to uncover his true motives. 
She would never know his true intentions if she didn't take this step. 
Eden's tenacity left Elisa genuinely puzzled. Aware of his intimidating and dangerous nature, she didn't know why he would go to such lengths just to establish a connection with her. 
The possibility of love at first sight seemed far-fetched and out of sync with their circumstances! 
###chapter1391
Chapter 1391 Immensely Gratifying
Eden had brought her a long black dress, nothing too fancy, just a simple one that matched the shirt he had on. 
As they walked together in public, their coordinated outfits might catch some eyes, making people perceive them as a couple. But Elisa didn't bother. After all, these strangers had no connection to her. 
Once the event was over, their paths would never cross again. 
As long as she could achieve her goals, it would be enough. 
Gareth couldn't help but scorn Elisa as he watched her put on the dress and makeup. 
"Watch your step, Ms. Benett. Who knows, you would fall for the wrong guy." 
He saw Elisa bring in a bouquet of flowers and a dress. 
Elisa, however, smiled indifferently, "Thank you for the reminder, Mr. Wickam. But don't you worry, even if I fall, I will surely not choose someone like you again?" 
With that, Elisa strode off and left the room. 
Unfortunately, just as Elisa left, Thomas walked in. 
He carried a fancy paper bag with the clothes he had been asked to get for Elisa. 
Gareth's expression immediately hardened, and he gave Thomas a piercing stare. 
"What's gotten into you, Thomas? You never shut up and act without permission and have zero sense of urgency in looking for that woman at the casino. Are you done working with me? Do you still freaking know your responsibility?" 
Thomas was taken aback, unsure of what he had done to upset Gareth. 
Everything he had suggested was for Gareth's benefit and to prioritize their work. 
Today, he hadn't done anything out of the ordinary. 
Suddenly, a thought struck him. 
"Did that Eden guy also send clothes to Ms. Benett?" 
Gareth didn't reply, but Thomas could feel his gaze turning colder and more intense. 
There was no doubt that he had hit the mark. 
Thomas couldn't help but blame himself. 
"Mr. Wickam, rest assured that Ms. Benett is going out with him to uncover his true motives. That Eden guy is keeping his identity hidden, so there's no chance Ms. Benett genuinely likes or wants to be with him," Thomas reassured, scratching his head to calm Gareth down. 
However, Gareth's face stayed dark. Just when Thomas feared the worst, Gareth's voice turned cold as he said, "Make sure to increase the security detail tonight. If anything happens to her, I'll hold you
accountable." 
"Roger that, Mr. Wickam!" 
Thomas obligated without delay. 
Making her way to the beach, Elisa spotted Eden in the distance, overseeing the tools and equipment for the barbecue party. His sleeves were rolled up, his collar casually unbuttoned, and he stood with his hands on his hips, confidently directing his team. 
Elisa quipped, "I thought you'd show your sincerity by managing the work yourself." 
Upon hearing Elisa's voice, Eden immediately turned his head. 
She caught his attention as she gracefully donned the black slinky dress he had chosen. 
Her tall, slender stature and fair skin exuded an alluring charm. 
The black hue perfectly accentuated her complexion. And she had also put on makeup. 
Even in the dimness of the night, her unparalleled noble aura shone through, impossible to conceal. Undoubtedly, such grace and presence were inherent to her. 
Admittedly, killing her would be the way to eradicate any future complications. 
But then Eden had a change of heart. He found himself drawn to her and yearned to tame someone like Elisa, fulfilling his desire for conquest. 
The feeling of triumph and accomplishment from taming her would be immensely gratifying. 
Meanwhile, Eden noticed his wandering thoughts and quickly restrained himself. He beamed a charming smile, "If you're open to it, I'm more than willing to oblige. Otherwise, with persistence and determination, favorable outcomes can still be achieved."
###chapter1392
Chapter 1392 Peace
As he spoke, his lips curled into a playful smile. 
She will be mine! 
"Well, I can't wait to taste your grilling skills." 
Elisa reciprocated with a smile, albeit forced. 
Eden gestured an 'OK' sign with his hand, then lowered it and made a 'please' gesture, exuding a gentlemanly aura. 
"Why don't you take a seat first? I'll get started once everything is ready." 
And in the next second, Eden devoted himself to preparing for the barbecue. As she watched Eden's attentive figure, Elisa felt nothing but indifference. 
Had she been a naive young girl and not witnessed his ruthless side, she might have been fooled by his current facade. 
At that moment, a call from Terry came through. 
Terry spoke with utmost respect over the phone, "Ms. Benett, my brothers have already gathered downstairs at the hotel where you're staying. You might want to come and see for yourself..." 
Elisa was taken aback by their unexpected arrival, seeking her help detoxifying his comrades. 
However, the hotel Terry mentioned wasn't the seaside one she currently resided in; it was the city center hotel that Thomas had booked. 
Elisa felt apologetic, "I'm not at the hotel now. I'm at a seaside villa called the Moonlight Coast. If you come from there, it'll take at least an hour. But by the time you arrive, I'll be just finishing up here." 
When she made a promise, she had to fulfill it. Otherwise, she would have no credibility. 
"Sure, I'll bring my brothers over now," Terry expressed his unwavering trust in Elisa. 
But after he hung up the phone, he faced skepticism from his four comrades. 
"Listen up, Terry. I don't trust that woman. Suddenly changing the meeting place is suspicious. She may be up to something!" 
"Guys, let's not be naive. We're in this mess because of her. We should take her down with us if we're going down!" 
"I don't know why you're so distrustful, Old Lace. If Ms. Benett is genuine in helping us detoxify, then we'll finally be free from this nightmare. We can go back to our families, put all this behind us and live a normal life." 
Terry joined in, sharing his confusion, "Hey, we've been through hell together, Old Lace. We've cheated death countless times. We know our bodies better than anyone else. Suppose Ms. Benett is truly offering a chance at detoxification. Why shouldn't we take it and enjoy the freedom and peace we've been deprived of?" 
Old Lace let out a cynical scoff and said, "Guys, you are too na?ve! Sooner or later, our boss will know about the fake Ganoderma Caligo. And when he realizes we've been detoxified, who do you think he'll suspect? Elisa will be in his crosshairs. If we want to save our lives, following our boss is the only way out!" 
These words hung heavy in the air, leaving the remaining few in contemplative silence, exchanging glances that spoke volumes about their realization of the harsh reality they faced. 
###chapter1393
Chapter 1393 What Misunderstanding Could There Be?
They finally came to an agreement. 
Meanwhile… 
Nicole finally made it to Moonlight Coast. 
She immediately contacted Thomas. 
Realizing Nicole was calling him, Thomas ducked out to answer the call, fearing Gareth would see who it was. 
"I've arrived, Mr. May. Where are you?" Nicole asked. 
"We're at the beach. It's…" Looking around, Thomas said, "It's not too far from the entrance." 
"Okay." 
Nicole hung up and got out of the car. Following his instructions, she made her way to their location. 
It didn't take long for her to find Gareth. 
He was wearing a white suit jacket with black pants. His tall, slender frame was standing on the beach… It was like he was part of the beautiful scenery. 
Nicole's heart skipped a beat. Picking up her skirt, she stepped towards him. 
She mustered up her courage and called out to him, "Gareth." 
Gareth's face darkened when he heard her voice. He turned and saw her standing not too far from him. He gave her a sweeping glance. She was wearing a white gown with a long train. 
From the looks of it, Nicole had given her outfit a lot of thought. 
"Yes?" Gareth couldn't help frowning when he recalled what she had done. But he could only suppress his anger as he had no proof she did them. 
Nicole immediately understood from Gareth's question and expression that her presence was not wanted. 
But Thomas had welcomed her. 
This meant Gareth wasn't the one who invited her, but Elisa! 
"Nothing. What a coincidence to see you here. I thought I might have mistaken someone else for you, but to my surprise, it is you." Nicole chuckled, hiding how Thomas and Elisa tricked her into coming. 
But she wasn't going to leave just like that! 
Gareth did not believe her, but he didn't want to spend any more time with her. 
Without another word, he turned and walked away. 
His coldness towards her only confirmed her assumption. 
Thomas started to freak out on the side. Thomas had invited Nicole over to use Gareth's name with Gareth's knowledge, but why wasn't he seizing this opportunity? 
It's true what they say about kings leaving the worrying to the advisors! 
Thomas had no choice but to look for Elisa. 
Elisa gave Thomas a blank stare when she saw him. "Don't tell me. Something's happened with Gareth." 
She was leisurely sipping on the juice Eden had got her. 
Thomas immediately denied it. "Nothing's wrong with Mr. Wickam. It's me. I invited Nicole over under the guise that he was the one who ordered it. I suggested he…" 
Noticing Eden standing within earshot, Thomas leaned in and whispered into Elisa's ear. 
Elisa remained unmoved even after listening to his explanation. "If he's made up his mind about it, what makes you think I'll be able to change his mind?" 
Nicole's interest in Gareth made Elisa a thorn in her side. 
Who in their right mind would knowingly put themselves in this position? 
"Ms. Benett, you're incredibly intelligent. I'm sure you know how to fix this. Besides, Mr. Wickam listens to you. I'm sure you'll be able to convince him to give her a chance." 
"Thomas, you must be mistaken. He doesn't listen to me."
###chapter1394
Chapter 1394 You Don't Believe It, Ms Benett?
Elisa disagreed. 
After all, the facts were there for everyone to see. 
If Gareth listened to her, they would not have ended up divorcing. 
She clearly remembered his aloofness when he tossed the divorce papers into her face. 
Elisa's indifference led Thomas to no choice. He pursed his lips and reminded her… 
"But Ms. Benett, Nicole is here now. When the casino incident went down, he did not lose sight of you and came sprinting out of the room to look for you!" 
Elisa's face darkened. 
She thought back to that night… 
"Where is he?" Elisa asked coolly. 
She placed her glass on the table. 
Thomas immediately replied, "Over there. Follow me, Ms. Benett." 
Thomas led the way. 
Elisa rose to her feet. Eden hurried over and stopped her. 
He frowned. He did not like what was happening. "Elisa, are you going back on your word?" 
He squinted at her. His eyes were dark and threateningly cold. 
"No." Elisa denied. "It hasn't started yet. There's something I need to take care of first. I'll be right back." 
Elisa felt annoyed at Eden's questioning. She agreed to the date, but he made it seem like they were a couple. 
But so what if they were a couple? That didn't give him the right to her freedom. 
Thomas shared her anger. 
Smirking, Thomas wanted to taunt Eden, but Elisa caught onto him and interjected… 
"You can take it as me blowing you off if you want." She gave Thomas a look and indicated they should leave. 
Eden gave in and smiled at her. "Okay then. I'll wait for you." 
Jogging after Elisa, Thomas asked, "Why did you stop me, Ms. Benett? I should have yelled at Eden for his presumptuousness!" 
Elisa was moved by Thomas standing up for her. 
However, she still needed to warn him, "He is cruel and dangerous. If I hadn't stopped you from yelling at him, you wouldn't live past tonight!" 
Thomas stayed quiet. He knew Elisa was right. 
After a bout of silence, he said, "If he is as dangerous as you say, Ms. Benett, then you shouldn't risk yourself either. You should tell Mr. Wickam if you need help with anything. I'm sure he'd take care of it." 
He knew how powerful Elisa was, but at the end of the day, she was but a woman. 
Thomas thought it was only natural for Elisa to hide behind Mr. Wickam while he was still around. 
"Oh… You sound pretty confident with Gareth." Elisa chortled. She wasn't taunting him in the least. 
Thomas nodded. 
As someone who had been there at the very beginning and was detached from everything, he was clearer than anyone else. 
Gareth's feelings for Elisa had changed, and Thomas could tell how much he cared for her. 
Elisa smiled but said nothing else. 
She knew Gareth would take care of it, but they weren't in the kind of relationship which she could ask that of him. And she didn't want him involved in her business anyways. 
Thomas was surprised by her reaction, "You don't believe me, Ms. Benett?" 
###chapter1395
Chapter 1395 Cocked and Ready
"No." Elisa denied. She just so happened to see Nicole approaching Gareth. Gareth was holding a wine glass. 
Gareth's outfit surprised Elisa. A white suit jacket? This son of a b*tch was worse than Eden! 
She looked down at the floor-length black dress she was wearing. She couldn't help but suspect he may have done it on purpose. 
"Aren't supposed to be on a date?" 
Gareth turned and saw her. 
She was like a black swan floating alone on a lake with only the moon for light. Aloof. Unapproachable. And yet no one could deny how mesmerizing she was. 
However, Gareth did not forget Eden was wearing black too. 
Gareth's expression darkened at the thought of that man. 
Elisa knew exactly what Gareth meant. 
She coolly glanced at him from the corner of her eye but completely disregarded him otherwise. 
She wouldn't have come if her reputation hadn't been questioned. 
"What a coincidence to see you here, Ms. Tabor." Feigning surprise and happiness at seeing Nicole,
Elisa sidestepped Gareth and approached her. 
"It is a coincidence, isn't it." Nicole beamed at her. 
But the truth was she wanted nothing to do with Elisa. It was evident to everyone that Elisa and Thomas had tricked her into coming. And now she was pretending it was a coincidence! 
Elisa grinned at her. Even though Nicole was smiling, it didn't quite reach her eyes. 
Elisa deliberately mentioned how they had run into each other a few days ago at a restaurant. "Ms. Tabor, were you in a rush a few days ago? You didn't even say hi." 
She carefully watched for Nicole's reaction. 
Nicole knew it wasn't a simple invitation and had come prepared. Having guessed Elisa's and Thomas' intentions, she wasn't going to show her hand yet. 
Nicole smiled and nodded. "I couldn't stay long and was in a hurry that day. How wonderful to see familiar faces outside of the country. Tonight, it's my treat." 
Nicole was being way too generous. 
Elisa gave her an awkward smile. "Oh, don't worry about it. We have Mr. Wickam here—Chairman of Wickam Group. I'm sure he has better places to be than here. How about you and I go enjoy ourselves?" 
Elisa pushed Gareth out of the circle and introduced Nicole to a game she was playing. 
Nicole was shocked and slightly flustered, but she didn't let her emotions show. 
She was afraid Elisa might have caught on to her. 
She asked in confusion, "What games should we play?" 
This was true. 
She realized Elisa was incredibly quick-witted. She adapted quickly, making it difficult for others to know her true thoughts. 
But Nicole had come cocked and ready. She couldn't back off. 
"Poker? Rummy? Or maybe even Truth or Dare? I'm completely fine if there's something else you'd like to play as well." Elisa gave a few examples but left the ball in her court. 
Nicole was in a tough spot. 
Elisa would not have proposed to play a game out of the blue without any reason. Not to mention they had never actually met before. And yet Elisa had deliberately brought up seeing her at the restaurant, and Gareth was involved too. 
Maybe Elisa had realized it. 
Nicole feigned discomfort. "I'm not particularly familiar with such games, Ms. Benett. I don't know which
one to pick. I think it'll be much better if you recommend one. I'm happy to join you if you don't mind teaching me. But if you think it'd be too much of a hassle, then I think it's best if I just watch." 
###chapter1396
Chapter 1396 He Was Dead
"Are you sure? I seem to remember seeing you at a casino the other day. Besides, I'm sure you've seen plenty of people playing these games, even if you've never played them yourself." Elisa did not believe Nicole one bit, and she wasn't going to let it go that easily. 
Gareth was observing them while they were talking. 
Nicole was trying to evade Elisa's questioning while Elisa persisted. 
He noticed Thomas was watching them closely too. Their eyes met, and Thomas quickly turned away to avoid his gaze. 
Gareth immediately understood why Nicole was there and why Elisa had left Eden to come to talk to them. 
Gareth's eyes were like daggers. 
Thomas could feel Gareth's eyes on him. He felt his hair stand on end wherever Gareth's eyes landed on him. His gaze was like laser beams, burning a path on his skin. Thomas broke out in a cold sweat. 
He didn't dare look up. 
Thinking of ways to get out of this situation, he said, "Would you like a drink, Ms. Benett, Ms. Tabor? Let me get you something." 
"I'd like some juice. Yourself, Ms. Tabor?" Elisa asked politely, trying to include Nicole. 
"I'll have the same, thanks." Nicole smiled. 
"Sure. I'll get them right away." Without even asking if Gareth would like any, Thomas scurried off. 
Smiling warmly, Elisa pulled over a chair for Nicole. 
Nicole beamed back at her. They looked as if they had been best friends for years. 
But both of them knew they would never be friends! 
Elisa stared into Nicole's eyes. She watched Nicole for her every move. "I think Truth or Dare sounds good. A friend of mine will be coming soon. The more, the merrier!" 
She'll call Eden over to play. Let's see whose cover gets blown first! 
Gareth became sullen at the mention of Elisa's 'friend.' It only took a few days for Elisa to call someone dangerous and whose background is a mystery, a friend? 
"Elisa, is it that easy to be called your friend?" Gareth taunted her coldly. 
His eyes were deep and fathomless. But looking closely, you could see the anger swirling in the depths. 
Elisa knew what he was trying to say. She frowned and rolled her eyes at him. 
This son of a b*tch was incorrigible. He must have been dropped on the head several times when he was a baby! She had tried to be polite for Nicole's sake. He had not followed Thomas' plan to seduce
Nicole and did not understand what plan. So why in the world was he trying to make things harder for them? 
She gestured for him to be quiet. 
Gareth's expression grew darker and stormier, if it was possible! 
"Ms. Benett, Ms. Tabor, your drinks are here." Thomas interrupted before Gareth could say anything. He smiled at the two ladies and offered them the glasses. 
Thomas was attentive, and he could feel Gareth's glare on the side of his face. 
He. Was. Dead. 
He pleaded with Elisa with his eyes. 
Elisa chuckled. Gareth was angry, but he wasn't that angry. 
She reassured him with a look. 
Thomas felt wounded and wrongly accused. 
However! 
###chapter1397
Chapter 1397 Was She Finished
Gareth had given him an assignment… 
"Bring me a deck of cards. And those reports." Gareth coldly ordered, with no room for refusal. 
Gareth was fine, but Thomas was close to tears. 
What did he mean by 'those reports'?! 
They weren't just any reports! He was talking about Wickam Group's half-yearly report! 
From Gareth's expression, Thomas knew he needed to give him the reports by the end of the workday back home. He could forget about sleeping that night. He was dead! 
Thomas had no choice but to ask Elisa for help. He left with his shoulders hunched. 
Elisa couldn't help laughing at Thomas' hunched shoulders. 
Gareth was bullying the poor child! 
But she had not forgotten the reason she came. As Nicole picked up her glass, Elisa darted forwards and dipped a silver needle into the juice. 
Elisa was taken aback. 
Elisa smiled and explained, "We've been doing this ever since Gareth was poisoned at KKCD Casino. We have to be extra careful whenever we're out." 
"Oh right, Ms. Tabor! You were in the room next to ours. Did you see anyone suspicious coming into our room? Maybe someone who looked exactly like me but did not act like me?" Elisa prompted Nicole with a smile. 
She retrieved the needle and handed her the glass of juice. 
Nicole's chest tightened. 
Even though she was ready for it, Nicole couldn't help but panic when Elisa brought it up. 
She dug her nails into her palm, hoping the pain would calm her. "I went with a friend. I had planned to say hi, but you all looked so busy. And besides, I couldn't very well leave my friend behind to talk to you. I left as soon as the auction ended. I can't say I saw anyone who looked like you leave the room after." 
Nicole smiled, content with her explanation. But she did not know Elisa had already found gaps in her excuse. 
Elisa asked if she saw anyone who looked like her enter their room, but Nicole said she did not see anyone who looked like her leave after. 
Elisa did not say anything about when that person came. How did Nicole know the person came after? 
It was highly likely that Nicole was the one who entered their room wearing a silicone mask that looked like Elisa. 
"Don't worry. I just thought I'd ask, just in case. I'm on the hunt for her. People like this have no pride at all!" Elisa snarled as she watched Nicole's expression for any change. "But then again, what pride would she have to use someone else's face to do something like that?" 
"I think I remember seeing a red birthmark on her chest." Elisa rested her chin on her hand as if trying to recall the events of that night. 
Nicole's chest tightened. 
She couldn't sit still any longer. 
That night, Nicole escaped without getting caught and knew there was no red birthmark on her chest. 
But it didn't look like Elisa suspected her. 
Or maybe she meant the birthmark on her back? 
Nicole subconsciously touched her chest. The dress she had on was low-cut and strapless. If she meant the birthmark on her back, what would happen if Elisa saw it while they played Truth or Dare? Wouldn't she be finished then?
###chapter1398
Chapter 1398 Have You Lost Your Mind
Nicole's subconscious movement was the tell. 
But Elisa wasn't in a hurry to out her. She smiled warmly, "It's quite windy out here by the sea. If you're cold, Ms. Tabor, I can get Thomas to bring you one of Gareth's coats?" 
Elisa immediately felt a cold glare on her back. The hairs on her skin stood on end. 
She knew Gareth was glaring daggers at her. 
But Elisa ignored him. She did this to protect his pride and find whoever tried to poison him. 
It was Nicole. She should know where she got the poison and where to find the antidote. Or at least, she should know who had the antidote. 
They wouldn't need to find other remedies for the poison if there was an antidote. 
"I… I don't think it's a good idea." Said Nicole, but she wrapped her arms around herself as if she were cold. 
Elisa chuckled, "Why not? You're a guest, and it's just a coat. Oh, I almost forgot, Gareth's right here. He can give you his coat." 
She remembered the white jacket Gareth just so happened to wear… 
"Mr. Wickam, Ms. Tabor is feeling a little chilly. Could you please borrow her your coat?" Elisa shot him a smile. 
She gestured for Gareth to hand her his jacket. 
To her surprise, Gareth did not agree. "I do not lend my clothes to anyone." 
He coldly refused. 
Nicole had to find a way out of this awkward situation. "It's okay. I'll be fine after a while. I…" 
Nicole sneezed on purpose and wiped her nose. 
Elisa had given her an opportunity, and Nicole wasn't going to let it slip between her fingers. She could pretend to have gotten a cold from the chilly seaside breeze and leave early. 
But Elisa was not going to let this happen. 
She rose to her feet and shot Gareth a glare. "You're ridiculous. Have you learned nothing after our divorce?" 
She advanced towards Gareth. 
Before Gareth could refuse, Elisa was already removing his jacket. 
"Gareth Wickam, you had better behave!" Elisa whispered through gritted teeth. 
Gareth was about to push her away when he saw Eden walking towards them. His arms lay still on his sides. Elisa successfully retrieved the jacket from him. 
Elisa approached Nicole. 
She wrapped the jacket around her shoulders and bundled her up tightly. "It's too windy out here, Ms. Tabor. I wouldn't want you to catch a cold. Mr. Wickam has always been particular with his clothes, but nothing is more important than one's health." 
"How could I let you catch a cold after you've come all the way here? Besides, the party hasn't started yet, and we still have some games to play. I wouldn't be a good host if I let you leave like that." Elisa grinned at her and handed her the juice. 
Nicole was about to take it from her when… 
"Elisa." 
A quietly fuming voice called from behind her. Elisa deliberately let the glass slip from her hand before Nicole had had a good grip on it. The juice spilled all over the front of Nicole's dress 
"Gareth Wickam, have you lost your mind?" Elisa turned to yell at Gareth. Nicole's cry of shocked surprise could be heard.
###chapter1399
Chapter 1399 Anger
Elisa immediately grabbed a napkin and started to dab at the juice stains on Nicole's dress. "I'm incredibly sorry, Ms. Tabor. I've ruined your clothes. I think you had better come with me to my room to change. I have some clean clothes that you can wear. After you've changed, we can come back and yell at Gareth!" 
Gareth had done well. 
Nicole was now convinced that Elisa was trying to get her to slip up. But if she refused, wouldn't that also look suspicious? 
She hesitated before agreeing, "I'm sorry for troubling you, Ms. Benett." 
Elisa promptly brought Nicole to her room. 
As for Gareth. 
Eden had arrived where they were. Gareth stepped towards him. 
Eden smirked at Gareth. "Why, look here. Does the great Mr. Wickam have something to say to me?" 
"Stay away from her." Gareth glared at Eden. He didn't care who Eden was. Whoever he was, he was nothing in Gareth's eyes. 
Eden chortled as if he had heard the funniest joke. "I seem to remember the both of you being divorced." 
"And so what?" Gareth sneered at him. 
No one could tell him what to do. 
Eden did not take Gareth's warning to heart. He continued smirking. "There's a big difference between being married and divorced. If you're still married, you'd be considered her husband. But now that you're divorced, what are you?" 
Eden had no problems showing his disregard for Gareth. 
Gareth narrowed his eyes. Eden had touched a sore point. 
Eden saw every flicker of expression in Gareth's eyes. 
Before a fight could break out between them, Thomas appeared. As Gareth had ordered, Thomas had brought him a deck of cards. Realizing Elisa and Nicole were absent, he asked, "Where did Ms. Benett and Ms. Tabor go?" 
Did Ms. Benett make her move? 
If she did, Mr. Wickam wouldn't be standing here alone. Then he noticed Eden standing close by. 
He immediately understood. 
There were some complications. Elisa was dealing with Nicole, while Gareth was handling Eden. 
"She left with the other girl. They probably went back to her room. Mr. May, was it? Could you pass a message to Elisa for me? Let her know I'm ready." 
Eden grinned. He appeared gentle and friendly. 
But Thomas remembered Elisa's warning. He also recalled that he had not told Eden his last name. 
It's safe to say Eden has probably looked into them. 
"It's time for your medicine, Mr. Wickam," Thomas remembered what Elisa had said about Eden's reason for being here and wanted to get rid of him. 
But he wasn't dumb, and Eden wasn't someone he could order around. 
It wasn't time for them to confront Eden yet. 
However, Gareth wasn't someone to back down from a fight. 
Thomas knew Gareth better than anyone. If he couldn't persuade Gareth, Thomas had no choice but to use Elisa's name. "Think about Ms. Benett, Mr. Wickam. If she manages to get the truth out of Nicole, wouldn't Nicole become furious with the humiliation?" He said in a low voice. 
###chapter1400
Chapter 1400 Paralyzed
He knew how skilled Elisa was. Even with anger on Nicole's side, she wasn't Elisa's opponent. 
But Thomas needed Gareth to be concerned! 
"Okay." 
Gareth finally agreed. 
Completely ignoring Eden, Gareth turned on his heel and left. 
Eden laughed while he watched Gareth leave. 
He thought he might be able to put his boxing skills to good use, but to his surprise, Gareth had backed off! 
But it didn't matter. With Gareth's personality, it wouldn't take long for them to have another altercation. 
They'll see who's the winner when that time comes! 
Elisa and Nicole had arrived at her room. 
Nicole unlocked the room with the passcode, deliberately letting Nicole see it. "Ever since Gareth was poisoned, we had the assistant book a two-bedroom suite for convenience. Ms. Tabor, if you have feelings for him, be brave and let me know. If you ever need help, I'm more than happy to give you a hand." 
Elisa smiled warmly at her. 
Nicole did not fall for her kindness. 
Linda was a good example. If Elisa really was that kind, why did Linda fail to become Gareth's wife after they divorced? 
Nicole smiled and ducked her head in embarrassment. "You're teasing me, Ms. Benett. Our families just so happen to be in business with each other. As for Gareth and I, you could only call us acquaintances. Friends would be an exaggeration. Today's meeting was a coincidence. Otherwise, how would I even be able to meet him?" 
Elisa admired Nicole's quick wit. 
Nicole still managed to answer her calmly after everything that had happened. 
Elisa found an outfit for Nicole to change into. "Here you go, Ms. Tabor. You can change here. The bathroom is full of medicine for Gareth's poison. You know how much of a germaphobe he is. He may refuse to use the bathroom if you change in there." 
It sounded plausible, especially after Gareth had yelled at them earlier. 
Gareth was oblivious. He had sincerely got upset with Elisa. But to Nicole, it looked like they both had planned this. 
It all looked as if it were the natural development of things. 
Nicole could not pretend any longer. "Ms. Benett, we may both be women, but we barely know each other. I cannot bring myself to change in front of you. Besides, even if the bathroom is full of Gareth's medicine, do you really think I'd tamper with them? How horrible of a person do you think I am?" 
"Is that so? If you weren't so horrible, why did you appear right when Gareth was poisoned?" Elisa stopped acting. She laughed. 
She stepped towards Nicole. Nicole's expression changed abruptly. "What are you talking about?" 
Nicole's politeness towards Elisa had gone out the window. 
Elisa was too tired to keep up with the act. 
Her hand shot out. Dozens of silver needles flew towards Nicole, perfectly piercing the intended acupuncture points. 
The blood drained from Nicole's face. She started to panic, "Elisa! You! What did you do to me?" 
Elisa chuckled. "Nothing much. Stay still and don't move. Just answer my questions truthfully. If you don't do as I say, you might end up paralyzed. Spending the rest of your life as a vegetable on the bed doesn't sound like fun, does it, Nicole?" 
Trying to get Nicole to slip up was a part of the plan, but Elisa's goal had always been to get Nicole into the room with her. 
###chapter1401
Chapter 1401 Baseless Slander
Nicole was smart. She knew many people were outside, so screams or noises would draw attention to them and worsen the situation. She was not in the condition to deal with them. 
"You… You won't dare!" 
Nicole sounded anxious and panicky. Although she threatened Elisa, she could not stop her body from trembling. 
She knew how powerful those tiny silver needles would be in skilled hands. One could control another's body by inserting the needles into the right nerves. However, even the slightest carelessness would render someone paralyzed. 
Nicole saw the ruthlessness in Elisa's eyes. 
She had not attained Gareth's affection or made Aaron pay for what he did. Furthermore, she had not enjoyed the goodness of life to her heart's satisfaction. Why would she be willing to spend the rest of her life bedridden? 
Elisa sneered at Nicole's threat. "You drugged Gareth and did many shameless things while impersonating me. So, why would I not dare to hurt you?" 
Things turned out as Nicole feared. Elisa had long guessed she had done those things. Everything that happened just now was to test Nicole. 
"Elisa, you're such a good actress! It's a waste that you didn't go into the film industry with such acting skills!" Nicole felt fury surging within her as she looked at Elisa. 
She clenched her teeth and glared at Elisa, desperately wanting her dead. 
It was all to test me. How dare she act like she is innocent? 
Elisa was not angered by Nicole's words but smiled. "Thank you for your compliment. I'm happy to hear your affirmation of my acting skills. After all, you're the first person I performed to." 
Those words angered Nicole. She glared at Elisa coldly and said, "Elisa, do you not feel any shame? How could you say such nonsense?" 
Her words did not bother Elisa at all. Elisa glanced at Nicole coldly and said, "At least I'm not as shameless as you to run out of the room naked. Since you feel no shame, why did you impersonate me? How much did you spend on that hyper-realistic silicone mask?" 
Although Elisa sounded indifferent, Nicole could keenly sense her glare like daggers on her. 
A second later, Elisa pulled out a dagger and shoved it near Nicole's face. 
Nicole panicked. "Elisa, if my face becomes disfigured, I will make sure you suffer even if I die!" 
Aaron stole my virginity. All I have left is my face. What's the point of living if even my face is ruined? 
Elisa ignored Nicole's threat and sneered, "Since you care so much about your face, why did you do those humiliating things? My condition is simple if you don't want me to ruin your face. Tell me. Where did you get the drug you used on Gareth?" 
What Elisa meant was simple. Nicole would be set free if she answered the question. Otherwise, her face would be damaged. 
Therefore, how could Nicole not be afraid? 
Unfortunately, fear could not solve the problem. Still, she had years of experience in the business world and knew a thing or two about human behavior. 
Thus, she remained calm and was sure Elisa would not be able to harm her. 
It did not matter that they were overseas. 
Nicole overcame the fear in her heart and controlled her emotions before looking at Elisa coldly. "I don't know what you're talking about. Please don't slander someone without evidence. Elisa, one should consider the consequences before doing anything."
###chapter1402
Chapter 1402 Humiliation
Her words prompted Elisa to chuckle. 
"Are you threatening me by telling me all about the consequences? Were you talking about the consequences I would face if I hurt you? Or are you reminding yourself about the consequences?" 
Nicole looked into Elisa's eyes. Elisa was smiling, but the smile did not meet her eyes. 
Her eyes flickered, and she breathed in before saying, "Threaten? I was only telling the truth." 
"In that case, I really should give it a try." Elisa sneered and gripped the dagger. However, as she was about to press it against Nicole… 
Suddenly… 
'Bang!' 
Someone kicked open the door from outside. 
Then, a few fierce and burly men barged into the room, charging at Elisa without hesitation. 
Elisa was shocked and immediately dodged them. She no longer had the time to be bothered with Nicole. 
Nicole's eyes flashed maliciously. 
Thank goodness I prepared in advance. Otherwise, Elisa would have destroyed my face! 
Still, Nicole did not dare to move. 
She ordered her subordinates. "One of you go get me a doctor!" 
At Nicole's words, one of the burly men surrounding Elisa went out and did as she ordered. 
Even so, Elisa was vastly outnumbered. 
She knocked out one, but another immediately stepped in to take his place. The prolonged fight challenged her stamina. 
Nicole stared at Elisa coldly, "Elisa, we could have gotten along peacefully, but you insisted on forcing my hands. You have only yourself to blame for this." 
Elisa smiled vaguely. "Stop feigning innocence. Why would you arrange this if you did nothing wrong?" 
She focused on her attackers as she said that. 
Nicole smiled. "One should always be on guard against harm. Don't tell me you don't know such basic things." 
She said those words gleefully. Then, she noticed how slowly her subordinates approached Elisa, prompting her to frown slightly and scold, "What's with the snail's pace? Can't you move faster?" 
The burly men were rendered speechless. 
Snail pace? 
They were all trained in martial arts and had buffed bodies. Yet, even their joint effort was insufficient to defeat Elisa. Was it because they were too slow? No, it was Elisa who was too powerful. 
However, no one was willing to admit it as it would be too humiliating. 
To stop Nicole from looking down on them, they decided to up the effort and charged at Elisa simultaneously despite the pain in their bodies. 
Elisa's expression darkened. 
It was her against these men. She knew she would use up her energy soon if she continued to fight them. Then… 
On the other hand, Nicole could not hide the cruel gleam in her eyes. It seemed she had no qualms about killing Elisa here. 
Elisa retreated step by step, trying to figure out the fastest way to escape. 
Nicole noticed her attempt to escape and snorted. "Ms. Benett, you should give up now. There's no way you can escape this time. What makes you think Gareth will come to save you? He's too busy dealing with Eden and has no time to care about you." 
Her eyes flashed with jealousy as she thought about this. All Gareth cares about is Elisa. That's why he can't stand seeing Eden pursuing Elisa so openly and is furious about it! 
Why? Why does Elisa always receive such good treatment from men? Why do men always like her? 
Nicole had lost her rationality and had forgotten the men who loved her. 
She looked coldly at the scene before her, waiting for Elisa to be subdued. 
However… 
###chapter1403
Chapter 1403 Don't You Dare!
Elisa seemed on the verge of running out of energy to fight. 
Unexpectedly, two people magically appeared at the door. 
Elisa's eyes brightened slightly. 
Gareth appeared from out of nowhere in the nick of time. 
Thomas rushed in and charged at the burly men. The two fought against those men together. 
Those burly men were already exhausted from fighting Elisa. They were on the verge of subduing her and did not expect more skilled fighters to appear. 
In the blink of an eye, all the burly men crumpled to the floor in defeat. 
Gareth's expression darkened. His eyes glowed murderously. It seemed like he would kill Nicole at that moment. 
Nicole shuddered with fear and opened her mouth to explain. However, before she could say anything, Gareth turned to Thomas and ordered coldly, "Get rid of these people." 
Then, he approached Elisa and asked, "Are you okay?" 
Elisa's eyes flickered briefly, and grunted, "Yes." 
She had witnessed how Gareth and Thomas fought just now. They were fast and agile. Furthermore,
they came to her rescue in the nick of time. 
Otherwise, she would have been doomed. 
Nicole felt a wave of panic and knew she would be doomed if she did not explain herself now. Thus, she acted pitifully and said, "Gareth, please tell Elisa to remove the silver needles from my body! I understand you're looking for people who harmed you, and you suspect me, but I came from a wealthy and influential family. Why would I do something so shameless?" 
Then, she looked at Gareth and pursed her lips, pretending to be anxious and afraid. At the same time, she denied any involvement. 
Elisa did not utter a word but smiled. 
She definitely isn't like this when she argues with me and orders people around! 
"Liz would not suspect someone without reasons. Thomas, detain her and not let her go until she confesses her wrongdoings." 
Gareth turned to Thomas as he said that and did not look at Nicole again. 
Elisa did not say anything since Gareth had decided. 
Nicole's eyes flashed with disbelief. "Gareth, how could you do this? Why won't you believe me?" 
Her eyes were filled with sadness. 
However, Gareth was unmoved by her plea. Seeing that, Thomas immediately brought Nicole away. 
Nicole panicked. 
Gareth is serious about this! 
Nicole had heard that Gareth was ruthless in everything he did. She used to admire his ways, but now… She experienced firsthand what he was capable of. 
She shook her head. "Gareth, you can't do this to me!" 
However, Gareth would not even look at her. 
Seeing Thomas was about to restrain her, Nicole panicked and said, "Gareth, you can't do this just because Elisa suspects me. This is unlawful detention. If my father knows, the mining project in the eastern…" 
"Thomas." 
Gareth ordered and interrupted Nicole. That prompted Thomas to act immediately. 
He immediately dragged Nicole away. 
"Let me go! Thomas, do you know what you're doing?" 
Elisa could not help but laugh as she saw Nicole too scared to fight back. 
It showed Nicole was still afraid of being paralyzed. 
"Are you sure you're not injured?" Gareth saw Elisa laugh and remembered how she struggled when fighting the men. 
The image of how she was dragged away during the night of the auction popped up in his mind, and he could not help pursing his lips. "Perhaps the woman who wanted to kill you did not exist."
###chapter1404
Chapter 1404 You Shut Up!
Elisa instantly understood. "Do you mean she's a character played by Eden?" 
Then, she realized it might not be impossible. Eden liked to disguise himself. 
She could not help but frown as she thought about it. "I see him frequently these days. He will eventually slip up with time." 
Then, the truth about Eden will be revealed. 
"You don't have to…" 
Gareth opened his mouth, but Elisa interrupted him before he could finish speaking, "Eden is targeting me. Why do you think I don't have to interact with him?" 
Since Gareth remained silent, Elisa recalled what Thomas told her and could not resist laughing. "Gareth, do you really think I can still depend on you?" 
Gareth pursed his lips. His expression turned cold. 
He did not mean it that way. 
However, as his expression grew stern, Elisa pursed her lips and said, "Anyway, thank you for just now." 
Gareth was stunned, but someone knocked on the door before he could figure out what to say. 
Thomas had just left, so it could not have been him. 
Elisa and Gareth thought of Eden at the same time. Gareth could not help but frown. 
However, before he could say anything, Elisa already went to the door to open it. As expected, Eden was standing there. 
He leaned against the door frame, crossed his arm, and smiled deviously. "I haven't seen you for too long and miss you." 
He looked at Elisa with a smile and a playful glint. 
Elisa's expression turned cold. She replied sternly, "Can't you be serious?" 
However, Eden felt her scolding was unjustified and appeared as if she had wronged him. "But I was telling the truth. I like you and am pursuing you. Isn't it normal to miss you?" 
His expression disgusted Elisa. 
Eden was a grown man. It felt cringe seeing him acting like that. 
Suddenly, Elisa heard Gareth's approaching footsteps. She immediately pushed Eden toward the door. 
Elisa was concerned about them getting into another conflict. Her plans had yet to unfold, and she did not want Gareth and Eden to get into a tussle before that. 
However, Eden used the chance to grab her wrist. The corner of his lips curved up, making his smile seem sinister. "Liz, I knew it. You still don't believe me." 
Elisa looked into his eyes and noticed them glowing with glee. 
Her expression darkened, and she immediately shoved him away. At the same time, she hit her arm hard against his chest. 
However, Eden neither moved nor retreated. He frowned and appeared dejected. "Liz, a lady should be gentle. Don't be so fierce. You're hurting me." 
At the same time, a couple walked out from one of the rooms. 
Eden intentionally raised his voice, prompting the couple to look their way. In that instant, Elisa could feel everyone focusing on her. 
The feeling flamed Elisa's anger, and she shouted at Eden, "You shut up!" 
She had never met such a shameless man. 
Eden appeared helpless and asked Elisa, "What are you afraid of? Isn't it normal for a couple to fight?" 
Hearing no response from Elisa, Eden continued, "I've dealt with everything. Your time belongs to me now." 
###chapter1405
Chapter 1405 Pretending Not to Notice
Elisa's expression remained sullen. She warned, "Since you insist on behaving like this, I'll be upfront. I'll never be yours." 
"All right. I was only joking. Don't take it too seriously." Eden was still acting. His teasing tone carried a hint of hurt. 
Elisa rolled her eyes and did not say a word. 
Unbeknownst to her, Gareth was at the back. Eden did this deliberately for Gareth to see. 
Gareth's eyes gleamed threateningly as he watched them leave. 
He felt the urge to step forward and interrupt them for a moment. 
However, Elisa had said those words clearly. She did not want him to get involved. That was why she urgently pushed Eden away. 
Based on his recent interactions with Elisa, he knew she would not change her mind easily once she decided on something. 
Meanwhile, Aaron received news about Nicole from his subordinate. "Mr. Fawler, Gareth detained Ms. Tabor at Moonlight Coast." 
Aaron frowned upon hearing that and ordered the man before him. "Get her out of there." 
Nicole was the woman he loved, and he was confident she would one day be his. 
Therefore, he would not tolerate anyone bullying her while he sought to win her affection. 
Aaron walked out of the place he was detained and did not expect to see the person who had come to visit him before. It was the stern-faced Mr. Osborne. 
He was dressed differently from before. 
Mr. Osborne wore a pink suit that contrasted jarringly with his purple hair. However, his devilishly handsome face made everything work. 
Aaron was concerned about Nicole and ignored Mr. Osborne. As he was about to get to the car, Mr. Osborne blocked his way. "Mr. Fawler, are you going to stop playing your role?" 
Mr. Osborne came to the hotel to find someone and did not expect to bump into Aaron at the entrance. He was surprised that Nicole no longer confined Aaron in the small, dark house. 
"Step aside," Aaron ordered coldly and was not in the mood to talk to him. 
Mr. Osborne tsked and sneered, "Why are you in a rush? Did something happen to the woman you like?" 
Aaron's gaze darkened upon hearing him. "Why do you keep minding other people's business?" 
Mr. Osborne noticed Aaron's mood and smiled. "We always used to hang out and have fun. Since you disappeared for a few days, I must find out what happened to you. After all, we are friends, right?" 
Aaron remained impatient. "Arrange a few of your people to go with me if you care about me." 
"Okay." 
Mr. Osborne answered immediately without a hint of hesitation. 
Then, Mr. Osborne called his subordinates and arranged for them to leave with Aaron. 
… 
Meanwhile, Gareth appeared before Nicole. 
Nicole did not dare to move out of fear of the effect of the needles on her body. She remained in the same position for a long time and felt stiff and numb. 
Her eyes glimmered with hope when she saw Gareth coming to her. "Gareth, I don't know anything. You believe me, right?" 
Yet, Gareth pretended not to hear anything. 
Elisa's hunch had always been accurate based on what he observed recently. 
He recalled how Elisa deliberately tricked Nicole into revealing some things. 
"Is that so?" Gareth narrowed his eyes. 
###chapter1406
Chapter 1406 A Joke
Nicole pursed her lips and looked up with pitiful eyes. "Things have already come to this. Why would I need to lie to you at this point? Gareth, our families have a close business relationship, and you know my family's prominence and wealth. Why would I want to do something like that to humiliate myself?" 
Gareth observed her expression as she argued for herself. 
Nicole tried hard to calm down and looked at Gareth as if she was telling the truth. 
Seeing that Gareth remained silent, Nicole added, "Didn't Elisa say that woman has a small mole on her chest? I can prove I'm not her." 
Nicole had a severe expression and did not seem like she was joking at all. 
Thomas, who stood at the back, could not help but be surprised. 
Nicole was the eldest daughter of the Tabor family. She seemed pure and innocent. It would require much courage for an unmarried lady like her to say such words to a man. 
Thomas was not present during the incident. Moreover, the culprit disguised herself as Elisa. Therefore, Thomas could not help but be swayed after seeing Nicole's determination. 
However, Gareth remained unmoved. 
"You're betting on me not daring to make you strip." Gareth narrowed his eyes as he looked at Nicole. His gaze was cold and calculative. 
That was Gareth's true color. He would never show pity to anyone. 
Nicole knew he did not care about her, but she also knew she could not give up and admit to wrongdoings. 
She bravely met his gaze. "I didn't say that you wouldn't dare. I did nothing wrong and have nothing to fear. Elisa has no right to accuse me as the culprit. Where is her proof? The culprit disguised herself as Elisa and had a mole on her chest. All I have to do is remove my clothes to prove my innocence. Then, you can see for yourself that I'm not her. What is there to bet or to be afraid of?" 
Gareth did not respond. 
Nicole's words meant nothing to him. 
He disliked having to say much to anyone. 
Nicole was only a suspect, and they did not have direct evidence against her yet. 
She would have to remain there since she refused to admit her actions. 
"It's good that you're not afraid. Still, the needles on your body would permanently affect you if left there too long. You should admit what you did and ask Elisa to release you if you don't want to become paralyzed," Gareth said indifferently and left. 
Thomas followed Gareth and wanted to give him a thumbs up for his speech just now. 
Gareth had adapted to the situation quickly, leaving Thomas impressed. 
Nicole watched Gareth walk away and knew it was pointless to say anything at this point. Still, she refused to give in or panic. 
She was determined to exhaust their patience. 
As time passed, and she did not reveal anything, they had to let her go. 
After all, she was an esteemed member of the Tabor family. She was determined to persist and never let anyone look down on her. 
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Eden sat across from each other. 
The table was full of all kinds of delectable barbequed food. 
Although Elisa was uninterested in the food, she ate some out of courtesy. "Did you cook them? They're quite good." 
Eden admitted proudly. "Of course I did. Since I invited you here, wouldn't it seem insincere if I don't cook the food myself?" 
Elisa looked at him but did not reply. 
Although Eden had toned down his behavior, his tone still seemed playful and mischievous. 
###chapter1407
Chapter 1407 You? Dream On
Elisa disliked talking to someone in such a manner. 
However, Eden was only a stranger to her, so she had no reason to expect anything from him. 
Elisa replied evenly, "I came here as per your invitation. Can you tell me who is the woman that wanted to harm me?" 
She set the skewer aside as she said that and looked at him coldly. 
Eden smiled and said, "Liz, you rejected me three times. It's not too much to leave you hanging a little, right? What about this? If you agree to go on three dates with me, I will tell you about that person." 
He offered her a glass of fruit juice after saying that. 
Elisa looked at him indifferently and sneered, "You really hold a grudge." 
Her comment did not anger Eden. He even played along with her words. "Of course. I've my masculine dignity, after all. Don't you think being publicly rejected three times is humiliating?" 
Elisa laughed mockingly. 
A moment later, she turned to Eden and retorted, "Isn't it normal for me to reject someone whose identity and background are unknown to me?" 
"But don't you already know who I am, Black-Eyed Susan?" Eden immediately refuted her and even addressed her by her hacker name. 
Elisa could not help but frown. 
It seems Eden knows a lot! 
Seeing her reaction, Eden immediately softened his tone and comforted, "Don't be angry. You attacked Estoccia's system to investigate me. Isn't it expected that I found out about your identity?" 
"Furthermore, it's natural to find out as much as possible about the person I want to pursue. Can't you see? We will be a strong alliance if we are together. Liz, your ex-husband is here!" 
Eden gestured to Elisa, prompting her to turn around. She saw Gareth walking toward them with an air of authority. 
Elisa took a glance at him and turned away indifferently. 
Why is he here? 
Eden glanced at her expression and offered courteously, "Liz, I can make him leave if you don't wish to see him." 
He spoke as if it was something easy to do. 
Of course, Elisa believed Eden could make it happen. 
She refused coldly, "You and I are only strangers. My relationship with Gareth is not for you to interfere." 
Those words carried a hint of warning. 
Eden squinted his eyes, but Gareth came to Elisa's side before Eden could reply to her. Gareth pulled out the white chair and sat beside Elisa without requesting permission to join them. 
The three shared a table. 
Eden behaved like a host and initiated a greeting. "Mr. Wickam, please help yourself. If the food is not to your liking, I'll get them to bring other food here." 
His lips curved into a welcoming smile. 
But Gareth ignored it. 
Elisa looked at him as if in a warning. 
However, that only caused Gareth's expression to turn cold. He refused to move, knowing that Elisa wanted him to leave. Why would he want to go now? 
Eden smirked slightly upon seeing Gareth's sullen expression. He planned to trigger Gareth's anger. "Liz agreed to be my girlfriend. Mr. Wickam…" 
"You? Dream on." Gareth glared at him. 
Eden's expression darkened. 
Elisa noticed Gareth was about to lose his temper and grabbed his arm. 
At the same time, she pushed him to the side. "What are you doing?" 
###chapter1408
Chapter 1408 Connected to Her Ex-husband
I've already expressed my intention in the room just now. I can't believe he didn't get it. 
Don't tell me he came here because he is worried. 
There's no way that's true. 
Gareth looked at Elisa with stern eyes. They were blazing with fury. 
What is he doing? 
What can he do? 
I have been patient enough. Otherwise, I would never allow Elisa to meet with this man. 
Elisa stared at him but did not say anything. She did not want to argue with Gareth here and let Eden witness their fight. 
Gareth knew what she was thinking even though she did not say anything. 
The vein on his forehead throbbed. 
"Elisa," Gareth called her name but said nothing else. 
He pursed his lips into a thin line, and his eyes were burning with anger. His expression was sullen and intimidating. 
Meanwhile, Eden's gaze was cold. His smile did not meet his eyes. 
He was astute. Although Gareth and Elisa did not speak, he could sense them communicating through their gazes. 
Eden was already running out of patience, and this moment made him feel even worse. He glared at Gareth. "Mr. Wickam, must you stay and bother us? Can't you see we're dating? Why do you insist on third wheeling us? What's your point?" 
Eden blatantly flamed Gareth's anger with his words. 
Gareth wanted to retort, but Elisa said with annoyance, "Can you two stop being childish?" 
She did not want to attract the attention of the people around them. 
The last thing she wanted was to be mistaken as the instigator of Gareth and Eden's dispute. 
However, Eden disagreed with Elisa and felt sad. He appeared as if Elisa had wronged him. "Liz, how am I childish? I'm only defending you. What right does your ex-husband have to keep bothering your life and criticize the people close to you?" 
Eden arched his eyebrows. Disdain was apparent on his lips. 
Elisa glared at him and did not want to hear him say another word. 
As for Gareth, he felt as if a heavy stone was pressing down on his chest, making it hard for him to breathe. 
The feeling made him uncomfortable. 
His expression was sullen as he turned to Elisa. 
Elisa met his gaze briefly before looking away. 
Then, she replied to Eden coldly, "Gareth is my ex-husband. He has no right to get involved in my life. So, what gives you the right, then? Stop using me as an excuse to cause trouble. Also, enough with the nonsense about me rejecting you three times. Since you don't want to reveal the person's identity to me, we have no reason to talk further." 
After saying that, Elisa glanced at Gareth, indicating to him to follow her. 
She wanted to find out Eden's real purpose. 
However, she could not stand and do nothing as the animosity between Gareth and Eden grew. The memory of Eden killing someone kept replaying in her mind. 
They were in Moranta. 
Although skilled and unafraid, they were disadvantaged as this was not their territory. 
Eden was a prince in Estoccia and most likely had a close connection with people in Moranta. 
Therefore, it was best that they avoid as much trouble as possible until they successfully brought Ganoderma Caligo back to their country. 
"Liz, I know you feel connected to Gareth because you were married to him for years. Perhaps you might still have feelings for him. However, I'm human too. It's not fair to be so harsh with me. I've compromised for you in many things, yet you keep ignoring me." Eden's voice gradually approached Elisa.
###chapter1409
Chapter 1409 I Won't Abandon You
A moment ago, the hostility between Gareth and Eden drew the crowd's attention. 
Moreover, Eden behaved in such a pitiful manner and spoke as if they had wronged him. 
What the heck? He made it seem like I was playing with two men's feelings. 
Elisa could not stand it anymore. She wielded a needle in her hand and aimed it at Eden. However, Eden speedily grabbed her hand before she could succeed. 
Then, he smiled and said, "Liz, you can't suddenly soften and be nice to me whenever I get angry. I might get the wrong ideas. After all, I'm a man, and you're a woman. That's not the right way to do things." 
Elisa would never allow Eden to drag her down this way. She immediately attacked with another hand. Eden reached out for her simultaneously, causing her to fall backward. He deliberately leaned toward her. 
Suddenly, strong arms wrapped themselves around her waist and pulled her away. 
Then, Elisa smelled the light tobacco and the familiar scent of herbs. 
Eden had no choice but to let go of Elisa's hand. 
He stood before Elisa and Gareth with a smile. However, the smile was barely perceptible, and he had an intimidatingly cold aura surrounding him. 
Then, he scoffed and said, "Liz, it is fine to reject me. But must you show off your affection with your ex-husband before me?" 
"You accused me of being insincere, but from what I see, you lack sincerity. I wanted very little, yet you are unwilling to fulfill my condition. How could you expect me to reveal everything to you? There is no such thing as a free lunch." 
Eden sneered after saying that and raised his hand. 
Then, a dozen tall and burly men immediately rushed in, surrounding Gareth and Elisa. 
At the same time, Gareth helped Elisa to stand up. 
The two glanced at the scene before them with cold and calm gazes. 
They had long guessed Eden was up to something. It turned out he had secretly arranged so many people against them. 
Elisa sneered, "There has never been a woman who wants to kill me. It's you who wants me dead, right?" 
Eden had orchestrated everything that night and acted as her rescuer. He did it likely because he was bored of watching from afar and thought he could have fun fooling others. 
Hearing Elisa's words, Gareth immediately pulled her behind him to protect her. 
Elisa's heart felt heavy at seeing this instinctive gesture. 
She blamed herself for dragging Gareth into this mess. 
Eden smiled as he denied, "That's not true. You're intelligent enough to see through my disguise. How could you not figure out my real intentions? You have two options today. You leave with me, or my men will take you and Gareth by force." 
Eden threw the choices to Elisa. 
He had been observing their every move and came here to take Elisa with him. 
Elisa frowned. Eden had summoned so many people over. It showed he had a backup plan prepared. As Elisa was still hesitating about whether to leave with Eden, Gareth said sternly, "What makes you think we would give in?" 
Gareth appeared cold and confident. His eyes flashed murderously. 
Elisa was stunned and glanced at him. "Gareth…" 
She did not know what else to say. 
Gareth turned to her and said solemnly, "I won't abandon you. Please also have faith in yourself. You shouldn't…" 
He whispered the final two words, but Elisa keenly sensed the earnestness in his tone. 
###chapter1410
Chapter 1410 She Would Not Withstand It
Elisa's eyes flickered. She could not help but feel touched. 
It was impossible for Eden not to notice the exchanges between Elisa and Gareth. His expression became even more sullen. 
Then, he turned to Gareth with a vague smile. "Do you think there's room for you to disobey?" 
He pulled a gun and aimed the barrel at Gareth's head. 
Gareth looked ahead coldly and seemed unbothered by it. 
On the other hand, Eden's expression darkened further. How dare he look at me with that mocking gaze? Does he think I don't dare to pull the trigger? 
However, a rough voice sounded before he could pull the trigger. 
"Get your a*s out of here if you don't want to die!" 
Everyone turned toward the source of the voice. 
They saw Terry barge in with a bomb strapped around his waist. 
He had a determined and ferocious look on his face. 
At the same time, four of his subordinates followed him. 
Terry had chosen to trust Elisa and instigated against his subordinates, who were like brothers to him. His four subordinates had not received the antidote to the poison in their body. Therefore, he could not allow any harm to come to Elisa. 
The sight of the bomb around Terry's waist made Eden's gaze darken. 
It was the latest model of bomb and could produce potent blasts. 
Elisa squinted her eyes. She recognized the bomb, causing her eyes to flicker with shock. 
They… 
She did not expect them to come here. Elisa opened her mouth but did not know what to say. 
Gareth was stunned. It turned out that Elisa's efforts in saving them were not wasted. He stood still and did not speak or move. 
"Are you sure you dare?" Eden narrowed his eyes. "Do you know what will happen if you do this?" 
Elisa's gaze turned severe. "Is there anything you won't do?" 
Eden smiled sinisterly. "Liz, what makes you think I would do anything to you?" 
Elisa frowned and did not want to waste her time talking to him. 
Gareth looked sternly at Eden's face. "How are you worthy of pursuing her?" 
"Am I unworthy?" Eden smiled. "Are you saying you, the ex-husband, is worthy? On what basis is an ex-husband better than me? Even a random passerby is more worthy than you." 
Terry was rendered speechless. 
I am holding a bomb and have threatened to explode it. What are they doing? 
Shouldn't they be afraid? Why are those two men arguing with each other? 
Therefore, Terry threatened, "Are you going to retreat or not? If not, I will light the bomb now!" 
After saying that, Terry lit one of the bombs. 
Everyone was shocked to see the bomb burning. Eden's subordinates did not wait for his instruction and retreated from the scene. 
Eden's expression darkened. He glared at his subordinates, stopping them in their tracks. 
While Eden's subordinates panicked, Gareth grabbed Elisa by her shoulder and retreated behind Terry and his men. 
Then, Terry threw the bomb in his hand, prompting Eden and his men to run immediately. 
Terry watched them run and said, "We need to escape now!" 
Elisa and the others exited the place and got into a car. She finally breathed a sigh of relief once they traveled some distance. 
Eden had exposed his identity and cruelty just now. Elisa recalled how helpless she would be if Eden had fired a shot at Gareth. She would have no way of stopping it. 
If Gareth had died, Elisa feared Julia would be unable to withstand the news. It would worsen her already poor health. 
Furthermore, Elisa had seen the threatening and determined look in Eden's eyes before he escaped.
###chapter1411
Chapter 1411 Thumbs Up
"Ms. Benett, are you hurt?" Terry approached Elisa and asked. 
Elisa shook her head. "I'm all right. Thank you, everyone." 
Terry smiled gladly. "Of course, it's not a problem." 
Gareth looked at Terry and his men and said, "Your efforts won't be for naught. I will reward each of you with money to express my gratitude." 
Gareth's words made Terry and his men secretly happy. 
However, instead of cash, they preferred to be cured of the poison in their bodies. 
They exchanged glances. Then, Terry turned to Elisa and voiced their request. "Ms. Benett, what we need isn't money." 
These men had risked themselves to save her. 
Elisa knew she was greatly indebted to them. 
However, Gareth replied before Elisa could say anything, "Since I have promised, I will make sure to fulfill it. Don't worry. Elisa will neutralize the poison in your body. Once the money is ready, I will get all of you settled." 
Elisa was surprised that Gareth would say so much to them. 
Her eyes flickered briefly, but she did not speak. She could not deny that Gareth's words were exactly what she wanted to say. 
Terry and the others looked at Gareth with astonished expressions. They did not expect him to be so generous and detailed. They could not help but recall a certain paranoid and perverted man. 
Terry's subordinates compared the evil man with Gareth and were glad that they had listened to Terry. Following Gareth and Elisa was the best chance they had to escape. 
"Ahem." 
Terry knew his subordinates had begun to accept Gareth and Elisa. He cleared his throat several times to signal them to focus on the matter. 
He believed they would have plenty of time to express gratitude after Elisa removed the poison from their body. 
His subordinates understood and immediately swallowed what they wanted to say. 
They found a hotel nearby. Elisa thought to ask Thomas to book a large suite. 
However, she only realized Thomas was not with them after she called out his name. 
She recalled how dangerous Eden was and immediately called Thomas on the phone. Thankfully, Thomas answered immediately and asked, "Ms. Benett, can you send me Mr. Wickam and your location?" 
Thomas was concerned about Gareth and had been following him. 
He was nearby when Gareth and Eden were going head to head. 
According to Gareth's plan, Thomas and a team would stay hidden and strike when Eden made his move. Unexpectedly, the five men Elisa had previously convinced to leave their master appeared from nowhere and scared Eden's men away. 
They forced Eden to retreat. 
At the time, Thomas was unsure of Elisa's plan and dared not call to disturb them. 
"I'm glad you're all right. I will send the address to you later, but you need to help me get a few things," Elisa was relieved to hear that Thomas was safe. 
Thomas recalled Elisa's agreement with those five men and replied, "Ms. Benett, I've prepared everything previously and have your things in the car boot. I will head there now." 
Elisa smiled upon hearing him and gave him a thumbs up in her heart. "Thomas, you're the best. Thank you." 
Thomas chuckled and replied helplessly, "Ms. Benett, if you truly wish to thank me, you might as well consider giving me a few immunity privileges." 
That was not a joke. He was serious about it. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
They hung up soon after, and the car sped up. 
However, something happened three minutes after Thomas left to meet with Elisa and the others. 
###chapter1412
Chapter 1412 They Are Only Needles
A black van came out of the side fork. 
The driver followed some distance behind Thomas and said emotionlessly, "Prince Eden, I'm trailing Thomas, Gareth's assistant. Should I instruct the team to take action later?" 
"There's no need for that. I've already figured out who those lackeys are. I prefer to watch them fight from afar," Eden sneered. His expression was cruel and threatening. 
At the same time, his lips curved into a mischievous smirk. 
"In that case, should I…" From Eden's tone, it seemed he did not want him to continue trailing Thomas. However, the subordinate did not dare to stop the car yet and had no choice but to seek Eden's opinion. 
Eden was initially in a good mood, thinking he would see something interesting soon. However, his expression darkened when he heard the subordinate's question and scolded him furiously, "Did I tell you to return?" 
"No, no, Prince Eden. I'm still following him, and I will find them. I will report to you again later." The subordinate's face turned pale when he heard that Eden was angry. 
Eden had dealt with all the subordinates who tried to escape in the hotel corridor. He had them all slaughtered. 
The subordinate trailing Thomas did not wish to die like them. 
"I will deal with the matter as I see fit. I don't need you to keep reminding me!" Eden scolded. Then, he sneered and continued, "There's no point keeping a brain like yours around if you lose him." 
In other words, Eden would kill the subordinate if he failed. 
The subordinate shuddered with fear upon hearing him. 
However, Eden hung up before he could say anything. 
Meanwhile, Aaron and a group of men arrived at Moonlight Coast. Gareth and Elisa were nowhere to be found. Thus, Aaron ordered his people to obtain the security footage. 
Then, they discovered that attackers surrounded Gareth and Elisa, but someone rescued them and helped them escape. On the other hand, ever since Thomas brought Nicole out of the room to be locked out in another room, she never left there. 
Aaron glanced at the people with him, indicating to them to step back before heading to the room Nicole was detained in by himself. 
He swiped the card and opened the door without problem. 
Nicole heard noises and thought Gareth and Elisa had come to release her. However, she did not expect to see Aaron, the man she imprisoned in a small and dark house. 
"Why is it you?" Nicole frowned and was confused by Aaron's presence. 
She thought she had locked him up and tied him to a cross. Furthermore, she assigned people to
surround the place and guard him. How could he escape? 
Aaron stepped forward and noticed she was not restrained by anything. His gaze darkened as he asked, "Did they drug you." 
"No," Nicole denied and turned to the other side. 
It did not matter who rescued Aaron from imprisonment. Nicole was a prominent and wealthy young lady and was filled with pride. She would never give in to a man who had taken advantage of her. 
Aaron was not angry with Nicole for ignoring him. He noticed a few needles on her body and quickly pulled them off her. 
He moved so fast that Nicole could not stop him. 
Seeing what he had done, Nicole scolded, "Aaron, who gave you permission to touch the things on my body?" 
The silver needles were inserted into her nerves. She feared she would become paralyzed, as Elisa claimed. That was why she did not dare to move. 
However, Aaron pulled out all the needles without caring what would happen to her. 
"They're only silver needles. You wouldn't have been able to talk to me if they affected you in any way." Aaron immediately understood why Nicole was angry. 
###chapter1413
Chapter 1413 Difficulties
Nicole was furious, but it did not cloud her judgment. 
Aaron's words made her realize that she had been fooled. 
Furthermore, Gareth even sided with Elisa to trick her. Nicole realized she had behaved like a fool and did not dare to move for hours, fearing permanent paralysis. It turned out they were all for nothing. 
She was furious as she thought about it. 
Then, she went to her group of big and muscular subordinates and viciously kicked the nearest one. 
"Why did I even bother to call you people here? You are a bunch of useless trash! You can't even catch a woman. I'm giving you three days to bring her alive to me!" 
Nicole ordered through gritted teeth. She considered herself a calm person, but there was no way that she could control her emotions at this moment. 
She was determined to make Elisa suffer ten times the humiliation she had gone through today. 
Aaron saw how furious Nicole was and knew she had been tricked. He stepped forward and softened his tone to comfort her. "Don't worry. If you want, I will…" 
However, Nicole shoved him away before he could finish speaking. 
She did not care how prominent Aaron's background was. All she knew was that anyone who harmed her must pay the price. 
Nicole was determined to get rid of Elisa. 
Meanwhile, at a five-star hotel nearest to KKCD Casino, a man with devilish good looks and striking facial features smashed a cup of herbal medicine on the floor. 
He smiled, making him seem like a bloodthirsty beast. 
"D*mn that Elisa! How dare she get my men to turn against me and trick me with the fake Ganoderma Caligo? She even made everyone think that I got the real one. Heh, wait till I get my hands on her. I will drink her blood and crush her bones to draw out her bone marrow!" 
No one had ever dared to disobey or lie to him. 
Yet, Elisa convinced his men to betray him and make a fool of him. 
Since you dare to do this to me, you should get ready to face my wrath! 
"Yes, Mr. Carrerra!" The nearest subordinate answered the phone immediately. His voice shook slightly. 
No one dared to anger Mr. Carrerra, especially when he was in a bad mood. Moreover, they all had the Heart Piercer Poison in their bodies. 
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa, Gareth, and a few others were in the living room of their hotel suite. 
Everything was ready for Elisa to begin treatment. 
However, she needed to treat four people simultaneously and seemed to have difficulty inserting the needle into the right vein. 
Therefore, Gareth offered to help while brewing the herbal medicine. "You can tell me what to do." 
Elisa was surprised that Gareth approached her with the offer to help. She glanced at him and saw how earnest he seemed. It was then that she realized he was serious. 
"Please cook it over low heat." 
Since he wanted to help, Elisa decided to let him try. 
However, no one expected what happened next. 
Suddenly… 
"Argh!" 
Thomas suddenly screamed. 
Gareth and Elisa looked at him. Although they did not say anything, confusion was apparent in their eyes. 
Gareth's expression was especially obvious. He frowned and was displeased with Thomas' sudden noise. 
"Ms. Benett, I can't brew the medicine anymore. I suddenly recalled that… I need to deal with reports and call my family. Someone in my family is unwell." Thomas felt unbearably awkward as he said these. He did not dare to look up and face Elisa and Gareth. 
###chapter1414
Chapter 1414 When Will You Return
Thomas knew his excuse sounded lame, but he could no longer stand being a third wheel. 
Elisa was confused. 
She could not understand why Thomas behaved strangely. He was usually serious and professional. 
"You go ahead." Elisa looked at the pots of herbal medicine brewing before her and did not have time to bother about Thomas. 
On the other hand, Gareth fully understood what Thomas' words meant. He remained expressionless and did not say anything. 
Elisa and Gareth did not interact after Thomas left. The room was utterly silent other than the gentle bubbling noises from medicine being cooked over the fire. 
"Perhaps you should return with Ganoderma Caligo first," Gareth finally broke the silence. His voice sounded hoarse as he had not spoken for a long time. 
He turned to Elisa as he spoke. The usual coldness in his eyes had disappeared and been replaced with concern and warmth. 
He said that out of consideration for Elisa's safety. 
However, Elisa was concerned that Eden would take advantage of her absence and retaliate against Gareth over their previous confrontation. 
Although she knew Gareth was not afraid of this, she could not leave him to deal with it alone. 
Elisa refused immediately. "We came here together and are now in the same boat. Furthermore, you have residues of the toxin within your system. What if your condition recurs when I'm not around?" 
Gareth considered briefly and replied, "You can leave a few doses of medicine with me. I will return once the auction is over." 
With his strong endurance and willpower, he would have no problem staying back to attend the auction with the help of a few doses of medicine. 
However, Elisa could not bear to leave him like that. 
"Gareth, you didn't retreat when Eden pointed a gun at you to make you let go of me. Therefore, I also can't abandon you and leave Moranta first!" Elisa pursed her lips and appeared determined. 
Gareth's eyes flickered briefly. He frowned but did not speak. 
Since Elisa had decided, he knew nothing would change her mind. 
Eden lived a luxurious life and enjoyed authority as a prince. He feared nothing. Elisa knew he wanted Gareth dead. 
Thus, Gareth would be safer if she stayed behind and remained by his side. 
She at least had what Eden wanted. He would not kill her yet. 
With that in mind, she wondered what an ordinary citizen like her had that a prince would want. She wondered if it had anything to do with her parents. 
Elisa's eyes became dazed with thoughts. Perhaps it has something to do with my mother. 
Gareth saw that Elisa was pondering about something and remained silent so as not to disturb her. 
At the same time, he was calm and had decided to ensure her safety no matter the danger that came their way. He would protect her even if it cost his life. 
Gareth's heart skipped a beat as he thought about this. 
Why do I now… 
However, Elisa's voice sounded before he could think further. 
"Gareth, watch the fire. Let's set aside other things for now." 
To Elisa, nothing was more important than their current task. They needed to resolve this first. 
Gareth's eyes' flickered briefly. He grunted and said nothing else. 
Suddenly, a phone rang and disrupted the silence. 
Elisa raised her eyebrows and glanced at the screen before answering it. 
"My darling Rach, what's wrong?" 
Gareth frowned instinctively. He disliked hearing her call someone 'darling.' 
Rachel had no idea that Gareth was with her and said, "I heard about it from Vincent. When will you return?"
###chapter1415
Chapter 1415 Swear Allegiance
Elisa considered and pursed her lips before saying, "If everything goes well, I should be back after a couple of days." 
They would have to attend the gathering at the casino the next day. 
The casino had delayed it once. They would most likely not postpone it again. 
Once they attended the gathering, they could leave Moranta if Eden did not cause any more problems. 
Rachel rolled her eyes when she heard Elisa had to stay in Moranta for two more days. "What the heck? Why do you have to stay for two more days? Why are you and Gareth there for so long?" 
If there are no issues or problems, I suspect Gareth that b*stard is deliberately delaying their return! 
Rachel was not the only one astounded by Elisa's lengthy stay in Moranta. Even Elisa was frustrated about it. "It can't be helped. A lot has happened. Let's talk more when I'm back." 
Elisa remembered the matter Vincent had asked her to help with. 
"Okay, I have something to discuss with you once you return. Anyway, it's late. You should get some rest." 
"Yes." 
Elisa hung up after that. 
Gareth disliked repeating the same matter. However, he heard Elisa and Rachel's conversation and decided to repeat his previous suggestion. 
"Elisa, if you leave now, at least one less person will be in trouble if anything happens." 
On the other hand, if we stay back, neither of us will escape harm. 
Elisa sneered, "What makes you think I'm afraid of that?" 
Gareth fell silent. 
He knew Elisa was fearless, but it felt like something heavy was pressing on his chest for some reason. 
The feeling was unbearable. 
Still, he said, "No matter what happens, you must not be the one to get hurt." 
His gruff but firm voice sounded in her ear. His words stunned Elisa, prompting her to look up at him. She saw his stern and imposing but sincere expression. 
Elisa's lashes trembled slightly. She was dazed for a moment before appearing calm again. "I've promised you and Grandma, so don't worry. I won't let anything happen to me." 
She had medical skills and knew how to utilize Ganoderma Caligo to cure Julia's illness. At the same time, she helped Gareth remove the toxin residue in his body. Therefore, she was confident that she could keep herself safe. 
Gareth's expression froze slightly. He understood what she meant. His demeanor gradually turned cold, but… 
A violent cough suddenly sounded. 
'Barf!' 
Those noises interrupted Gareth before he could say anything. In the next second, the stench of blood filled the air. 
Elisa frowned and rushed to another room. 
Terry's anxious voice rang throughout the room. "Ms. Benett, please take a look at him. Why did he vomit black-colored blood?" 
His face was marred with panic and worry as he supported one of his subordinates from collapsing. 
Elisa rushed to him and checked his pulse. Then, she pinched her brow and said, "Heart Piercer Poison has spread to his lungs. You know this would happen, especially if you try to fight poison with poison. Thank goodness he came today to neutralize the poison. Otherwise, he will not survive a month!" 
At her word, the man Terry supported looked at her imploringly. He asked anxiously, "Ms. Benett, am I going to die?" 
The other three men could not resist their fear of death and came humbly to Elisa before kneeling at her feet. 
"Ms. Benett, we don't want to die. Please save us." 
"Ms. Benett, if you remove the poison in our bodies, we will swear allegiance to you and Mr. Wickam!" 
###chapter1416
Chapter 1416 What Is Her Background
Of all these people, Terry had not only treated Elisa with reverence and respect but had changed the way he addressed Gareth. 
Due to Ethan vomiting blood, Elisa checked him and informed the rest of Terry's men of his diagnosis, causing them to panic. 
All they wanted was to survive. They thought they could stave off the effects of the poison by fighting poison with poison. 
Elisa felt uncomfortable seeing them begging for her help. 
She was not a heartless person. 
Then, she explained her stance, "Since I promised you before this, I will fulfill it. Furthermore, you saved me and Gareth. So, don't worry. Nothing will happen to you as long as I'm here!" 
She glanced at Gareth after saying that. 
The two did not say anything but focused on brewing the medicine. 
Unbeknownst to them, a group of people came to their door. 
However, they were restrained before they could even put explosives on the door. 
The leader of this group recognized the man directing others to control them. He was Mr. North, the manager of KKCD Casino. 
The group that attempted to break in was filled with fear. 
On the other hand, Mr. North seemed relaxed with a hand in his pocket while holding a cigarette in his right hand. He took a drag and said mockingly, "Return to your master and tell him that Elisa is under our protection. We will protect her as long as she is in Moranta!" 
The group consisted only of lowly lackeys acting under Mr. Carrerra's instruction. Since the casino sent someone as prominent as Mr. North to inform them that Elisa was under their protection, the group did not dare to disobey. 
They feared causing a dispute between Mr. Carrerra and the casino. Thus, they had no choice but to retreat. 
When they informed Mr. Carrerra about what had happened, his gaze darkened, and his expression turned cold. 
His eyes gleamed with danger and ruthlessness, reminding one of a ferocious beast. 
What is her background? 
The prince from Estoccia approached her a few times. Now, even KKCD Casino is protecting her. 
Suddenly, Mr. Carrerra felt immensely curious about her. 
…
Meanwhile, the corridor before Elisa's suite was now empty. 
Mr. North had led his men into the elevator and arrived at the underground car park. 
Everyone entered the car, but the car remained still. It seemed the car would not be moving anytime soon. 
Mr. North ended a call and ordered his subordinates to hide in various corners of the hotel. He also instructed them to watch the area around Elisa's suite. 
Henry was confused by the arrangement and looked at Mr. North. "Mr. North, what is Elisa's relationship with our boss?" 
He did not hear the answer he sought but received a hard slap to his head. 
As he was confused, Mr. North scolded furiously, "Why are you such a busybody?" 
In actuality, Mr. North was also curious about why his boss asked him to investigate Elisa. Furthermore, they had not discovered anything unique about Elisa's background, yet his boss organized a special gathering. 
His boss even instructed him to protect Elisa. 
Mr. North looked at Henry coldly. "Who are you to guess our boss' intentions?" 
Henry touched his head and appeared bewildered and helpless. He said unhappily. "Mr. North, are you sure you don't find it suspicious? Elisa met with our boss the first time she entered the casino.
Moreover, no one could leave the casino after winning as much money as she did. Yet, she was the first exception. She also did a few other things in the casino that would have gotten others killed if they had done them. Strangely, our boss did not blame her and assigned us to protect her. They don't make sense unless… there is some kind of relationship between them." 
###chapter1417
Chapter 1417 Insomnia
Henry looked down after his rant and dared not meet Mr. North's gaze. 
Mr. North sneered, "I don't understand why Joseph chose you as his confidant. It doesn't matter whether you believe it or what your opinion is. What can you do even if you discovered their relationship?" 
His eyes were filled with disdain for Henry. 
If their boss had not assigned Joseph to a different mission overseas, Mr. North would never want to bring someone like Henry with him on a mission. 
Henry fell silent. 
But he had already developed a firm prejudice toward Elisa. 
… 
Meanwhile, Elisa finished brewing medicine in the hotel suite and watched the four men finish it. 
Seeing their anxious expressions, she explained, "The four of you had taken medicines you shouldn't have. Therefore, your conditions are worse than Terry's. I will prescribe medicine for you to be taken for some time. You will stay in this hotel and rest for a few days. Then…" 
Terry and the others interrupted her anxiously before she could finish speaking. "Ms. Benett, are you not going to let us work for you?" 
Elisa was stunned for a moment. 
Still, she understood what they were getting at. They were afraid that their master would find them. At least working for Elisa and Gareth would give them some protection. 
Elisa shook her head. "That has never been my intention. I have seen your sincerity and am willing to be your friend. It's time for you to rest. This is the most important part of your recovery." 
Then, she turned to Thomas and instructed, "Thomas, can you order some meals for them? After they have eaten, make sure they rest. I'm heading to the other room." 
No one had any ion to Elisa's instruction. 
After that, Gareth and Elisa entered the opposite room. 
Gareth still thought about what was left unspoken just now. 
This time, he did not seek Elisa's opinion or her affirmation. Instead, he said, "I've asked Thomas to arrange a private flight tomorrow. You will take Ganoderma Caligo with you and return first." 
He arranged everything without consulting her. 
Although Elisa knew Gareth wanted her to be safe, she refused to abandon him at such a critical moment. She would not be a coward. 
Elisa frowned and appeared stern. "I'm not leaving. I haven't discovered Eden's purpose or attended the casino's gathering. Also, there's the matter with Nicole…" 
Although Nicole refused to admit to anything, Elisa believed her instinct was right. 
Furthermore, Nicole would be burning with hatred for Elisa after what happened today. Nicole would surely show up if the casino planned something for the gathering. 
Gareth had a cold and stern expression. He was also firm in his stance. "I will deal with those things. Elisa, why must you be so stubborn?" 
He frowned and appeared impatient. 
Although Gareth was not intimidated by those people, he knew they were disadvantaged in a foreign land. 
Meanwhile, Elisa did not want to argue with him during such a critical period. 
She denied what he said. "Gareth, that's not being stubborn. Everyone is different, and I know what I should do as I have a detailed plan." 
Then, she turned her back on Gareth and entered her room before he could say anything. 
Neither of them could sleep that night. 
Likewise, Eden was also unable to fall asleep. 
He had hidden his spies close to Gareth and Elisa. They reported to him that Mr. Carrerra's people had been forced to leave. 
It seemed the owner of KKCD Casino knew about Elisa's true identity and had gotten involved. 
Eden furrowed his brow. How can there be something that I'm unaware of? 
###chapter1418
Chapter 1418 You Think You Can Control Elisa?
He sent people to investigate but found nothing. 
While pondering the matter, a subordinate suddenly knocked on his door. 
He furrowed his brow and said, "Come in." 
The subordinate entered and looked at Eden before saying respectfully, "Prince Eden, Irene wishes to see you and is waiting outside." 
Eden's gaze darkened. He answered indifferently. "Let her in." 
"Yes." 
In less than two minutes, Irene appeared before him. 
She wore a blue dress with a plunging v-neckline. Her hair curled like waves and rested on her shoulders. Moreover, she wore jewelry that gleamed and glittered under the light. 
It was Irene's first time appearing before him dressed up like this. However, to Eden, Irene's deliberate effort to doll up could not compare to Elisa's effortless appearance. 
Eden's expression turned cold as he thought about it. "What is it?" 
He asked rudely and stood up to put more distance between him and Irene. 
Irene had no idea what he was thinking and smiled charmingly at him. "I have to attend a ball soon.
Since I acted as your date previously, can you return the favor and be my date this time?" 
Irene pretended not to notice Eden's cold indifference. 
But Eden replied without pausing to consider, "No." 
Irene's smile stiffened instantly. 
She thought Eden would agree to go with her if she requested him that way. Unexpectedly, he refused without giving it a thought. 
Her expression darkened further as she thought about it. She looked at Eden and frowned. "You reject my invite but try to get close to the one who won't invite you. What's the point of this?" 
She tried to appeal to him despite his cold indifference. 
Although Irene did not express her feelings through words, her eyes displayed her true feelings. 
Eden's expression turned fierce. 
He raised his hand, prompting Irene to widen her eyes and retreat from him speedily. 
Unfortunately, her skirt was too long and caused her to trip. 
Irene immediately stopped herself from falling. However, Eden still raised his hand against her. Irene's eyes burned with fury as she said, "Eden, aren't you afraid that doing this will lead to a war between
our countries?" 
Eden sneered and was not bothered by her threat. "What makes you think our countries will go to war over people like us? What kind of joke is this?" 
Even if they had a pure royal lineage, public opinions and the royal families' dignity did not allow any royals to go to war over such a matter. 
Furthermore, the ministers would not support a war. 
Eden's words were sharp as daggers. They pierced Irene's heart, leaving her wounds exposed. It felt like all her hard work was for nothing. 
Irene sneered, "Since we have no pure royal lineage, we should make a name for ourselves. This is also why we collaborated previously and why I am here now. Eden, are you only here because you wanted to support Elisa? Do you think you can control her after only a few meetings?" 
Her tone was filled with mockery. 
She understood Eden's ambition at this moment. 
However, it was unachievable. 
Elisa was unaware of this yet. Even if she knew, why would she choose Eden? 
If Eden had any effect on her, why would her relationship with Gareth flourish after their divorce? 
###chapter1419
Chapter 1419 You Have Been Warned
Irene noticed how Eden's expression had turned solemn after she had spoken. 
She saw her chance and continued, "The best way to solve this is to kill Elisa. Her death is required to stabilize our position. Furthermore, the casino's owner will attend today's gathering." 
"So what?" Eden frowned and appeared impatient. 
Irene answered calmly, "Do you have no idea who the casino's owner is?" 
Eden looked at her with emotionless amber eyes. "Do you know?" 
Irene sensed she had gotten Eden's interest and replied with a smile, "Perhaps we can convince him to join our side. As long as Elisa remains in Moranta and you don't get in the way, I'm confident I can kill her." 
Irene seemed confident about this. 
Eden snorted and said, "You have better give up on this. The casino owner arranged for people to keep Elisa under heavy guard. You will need the casino's owner's permission to kill her." 
After saying that, Eden returned to the couch and sat down. He crossed his long legs and appeared alluringly handsome. 
Irene looked at the arrogant man in disbelief. "What… What did you say?" 
Eden sneered and smirked mockingly before saying, "If you don't believe me, you can arrange for
people to survey the place Elisa is staying in. Don't forget. KKCD Casino is the largest casino in Moranta. He must have been immensely influential to be able to achieve this. Therefore, don't even think of hurting someone under his protection, especially in his territory." 
Irene did not speak. Her eyes turned cold and flickered with a hint of ruthlessness. 
She did not expect Elisa to be so lucky as to attain the casino owner's protection. 
Soon, she laughed coldly. "The casino owner can only protect her there." 
Since she had decided to kill Elisa, she would not give up so easily. 
Furthermore, Irene could not risk Elisa ruining everything she had. Therefore, she firmly believed Elisa must die. 
Eden saw her determination and did not want to waste more time talking to her. Instead, he sneered indifferently, "Don't say I didn't warn you." 
"Hmph! You will thank me once I kill Elisa." Irene smiled maliciously before turning around and leaving. 
Although she was not of pure royal lineage, she had been pampered for years and was prideful. Moreover, she enjoyed a prominent status and was a nobility. Thus, she would not let outsiders overshadow or look down on her. 
… 
On the final day of the auction, Elisa was busy taking care of Gareth and Terry's four subordinates. She
and Thomas had to work without rest from morning till noon to prepare medicine for them. 
Furthermore, Gareth's condition had turned erratic and was different from usual. Even medicine could not control it. 
He alternated between high fever and chills all over his body. 
Elisa suffered through a lot to take care of him around the clock. 
Whenever he had chills, she had to cover him with a blanket and bring him out to get some sunlight to warm him up. When he developed a fever, she had to cool him down. She was busy all day and did not even have time to take a break and drink some water. 
Elisa was tired and out of breath. "Thomas, he should be the one to return home and not me. What about you arranging a private flight to bring him home? I will go back once I finish dealing with everything." 
"But…" Thomas appeared troubled. He shook his head and replied, "Ms. Benett, that's not what Mr. Wickam wants. He will kill me if I do as you say." 
###chapter1420
Chapter 1420 I Am Not Afraid
"Furthermore, your presence is helping his condition. If he were to take a flight now, what would we do if his condition deteriorates? Furthermore, the gathering is tomorrow…" 
Thomas pursed his lips and brought up the gathering. 
As long as nothing went wrong during the gathering, they could leave Moranta once it was over. Then, Julia and Gareth would receive treatment to cure their conditions. 
Elisa remained silent. She only suggested sending Gareth home out of frustration. In actuality, she would worry if Gareth had to take a flight in his present condition. 
However, they had another situation to deal with… 
Elisa turned to Thomas and said, "I need you to attend the gathering with me tomorrow." 
"Huh?" 
Her words stumped Thomas. 
Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett are a perfect match. Who am I to attend the gathering with her? 
Elisa could not help but frown as she looked at Thomas' troubled expression. "Why? Are you unwilling? Do you think Gareth is capable of attending like this?" 
Thomas glanced at Gareth and saw him frowning even as he slept. Yet, he looked imposing even in such a condition. Thomas sighed helplessly in his mind. 
He can't attend the gathering in this condition. 
The gathering will be two hours at the most. I should be able to get through it with Ms. Benett there. 
Thomas opened his mouth to say something, but someone knocked on the door. 
He opened it and saw a tall, thin man dressed in a black suit. The man held an intricately decorated box and offered it to Thomas. 
The man smiled and said, "Greetings, Mr. May. This is a congratulatory gift from my boss to Ms. Benett." 
Thomas could not help but narrow his eyes as he regarded the man. "Did Eden send you here?" 
The man denied it immediately. "I don't know this Eden whom you speak of. I'm doing my job according to my boss' instructions. My boss would like me to pass a message to Ms. Benett. He is impressed and thankful that Ms. Benett can remove poison from his subordinates. This is only a small gift. There will be a bigger gift tonight. My boss said he will do his best to express his sincerity." 
The man spoke sincerely and solemnly. 
Thomas' expression darkened. 
No, we can't appear weak to them. 
He pursed his lips and replied coldly, "We do not want your gifts. Go back and tell your boss to stop
playing tricks. We stand by our actions and have no reason to fear!" 
Thomas tried to close the door right after saying that. 
His words angered the man. 
However, the man did not forget his boss' instructions to him. 
He controlled his anger and offered the present again. "Mr. May, I will pass your message to my boss, but my boss has prepared this gift. Please give it to Ms. Benett." 
Thomas' expression turned cold. He still refused to take the gift. 
Meanwhile, Elisa heard the noises at the door. 
She wondered what took Thomas so long and went to the door to check what was happening. 
The man saw her and greeted her immediately, "Ms. Benett, my boss instructed me to send this gift to you. Please accept it." 
Elisa's expression turned cold. That Eden still won't give up! 
She took the gift before Thomas could speak and threw it to the floor. 
Then, she scoffed indifferently. "Tell your boss he can bring on any tricks and schemes he has in store. I'm not afraid of him!"
###chapter1421
Chapter 1421 You Let Him Go?
Thomas and Elisa's attitude showed that the visitor was not welcomed. What Elisa did next left no room for doubts. 
She grabbed the present and threw it to the floor, causing the clothes and jewelry to fall out of it. Her action even shattered a piece of jade. 
The man was furious. "Elisa Benett, you poached our people, yet my boss expresses his sincere desire to befriend you. How dare you refuse his kind gesture? Do you wish to die?!" 
Elisa frowned. 
Poach? 
Her gaze dazed briefly. Is he not sent by Eden? In that case… Is his boss Terry's master? 
Elisa sneered. She looked at the man with a mocking gaze. 
"You can return to your boss and tell him I'm keeping those five people." 
A man who uses poison to control and maintain his subordinate's loyalty is undoubtedly evil. With that in mind, she added, "If he keeps poisoning his subordinates, he will poison himself by accident one day! Then, he won't be as lucky as Terry and the rest because I won't help him." 
"Thomas, close the door and let no one in!" Elisa turned to Thomas and ordered. 
Thomas immediately slammed the door shut. The man on the other side of the door was livid. 
He hesitated before picking up the things Elisa threw on the floor. 
Unfortunately… 
When he brought the things back to his boss… 
'Bam!' 
Mr. Carrerra threw everything into the trashcan. The house was filled with his sinister aura. 
The man's expression turned pale. He could not resist shuddering in fear and could only think of one thing. I'm doomed! 
'Bam!' 
Mr. Carrerra kicked the man to the floor. 
The man's face twisted with pain, but he dared not make a sound. 
Mr. Carrerra stomped on him viciously. "You useless trash! How dare you bring back garbage that she tossed out! How dare you humiliate me?" 
The man shook his head in panic and explained, "Mr. Carrerra… No, that's not true. It's she…" 
"A useless piece of trash like you has no right to talk!" 
The man did not dare to speak. 
He had hesitated about whether to bring the present back. However, he also did not dare to throw it away. Who knew how Mr. Carrerra would react then? 
There seemed to be no way out for him. 
The man had no chance to explain. Mr. Carrerra's beatings sped up and grew even more vicious. 
'Barf…' 
Mr. Carrerra finally stopped when the man vomited blood and could barely breathe. He wiped his hand in a handkerchief in disdain before smiling cruelly. "Mince him up and feed him to the sharks!" 
The man's expression blanched, and he pleaded in panic, "Mr. Carrerra! Please have mercy! Please give me another chance! I promise I won't…" 
However, two of Mr. Carrerra's subordinates entered the room, covered his mouth, and dragged him out before he could finish speaking. 
… 
Meanwhile, Gareth's expression darkened after he heard from Thomas about what had happened at the door. He raised his eyebrows and asked, "You let him go just like that?" 
Elisa had nothing to say. 
She rolled her eyes at Gareth with disdain. 
Then, she stood up and left without another word. 
Gareth and Thomas were the only ones in the living room. 
Thomas rubbed his nose and hesitated on whether he should leave. Suddenly, Gareth said coldly, "I need you to question Terry and the others and find out who they worked for." 
Gareth's eyes flashed threateningly. How dare they threaten us right under my nose. They shall face the consequences. 
Terry and the others sincerely wished to follow Elisa and Gareth. Thus, they did not hesitate to reveal everything to Thomas. 
###chapter1422
Chapter 1422 Murderous Intent
Once Thomas found out Terry and the others used to work for Mr. Carrerra, he immediately ordered people to investigate. However, Elisa had beaten him to it and was now reading the documents she found. Her gaze was dazed as she pondered the matter. 
Mr. Carrerra had legal businesses in the Middle East and dabbled with the underworld. 
He was known to be cruel and perverted and liked to control people with poison. Furthermore, he was always in search of immortality. 
Rumors said he drank human blood and ate human flesh. 
He came to Moranta to bid for Ganoderma Caligo. He wanted it to attain immortality and to cure his ailing biological sister. 
Unfortunately, Elisa could not find anything about his real name or family background. 
Men like him were unsound, perverted, and dangerous to society. 
Later, Elisa and a few others sat at a table. 
She looked at Gareth and said solemnly, "Gareth, the key matter is to attend the gathering. Once it is over, we will find out who drugged you." 
"Also, since we are overseas, we should play it safe and be wary of anyone approaching us." 
Gareth responded, "Do you think someone secretly controls anyone who suddenly comes to us?" 
His expression darkened intimidatingly. 
Based on Elisa's investigation, the congratulatory gift from Mr. Carrerra, and the words passed on by his subordinates, the man called Mr. Carrerra had been targeting them for a long time. 
Although it would be challenging, Gareth knew they had to do something. Otherwise, the enemy would strike them again. Furthermore, anyone who approached them was not ordinary people. If they did not strike first, there would be no telling when the enemy would deal a severe blow against them. Attacking
the enemy first would make the enemy wary of attempting anything against them. 
Elisa had also considered this. 
She frowned and said sternly, "I know, but it is vital to deal with the more urgent matters at hand. As long as we are in KKCD Casino, Mr. Carrerra won't dare to do anything to us. He wouldn't want to go against the casino owner." 
Gareth understood what Elisa meant. 
However, he still said, "I know what I'm doing. Don't worry." 
He looked at Elisa calmly. 
Elisa was surprised but decided not to dwell on the matter. She hesitated briefly before saying, "Your safety is the priority. I hope you won't do anything rash. The banquet is vital." 
"Sure." 
… 
At nine o'clock the following evening, KKCD Casino's banquet began on time. Despite the previous postponement, the organizer still maintained the location they booked. The guests arrived at the venue on time. 
Elisa chose to dress in a simpler style tonight. She wore a white cotton shirt with loose linen cropped pants and white shoes. Then, she did her hair in a simple braid and tied her hairband into a bow. 
Moreover, she did not wear makeup. She had good facial features and smooth skin. Thus, she looked beautiful as a fairy, even without makeup. 
Then, she and Gareth held hands as they entered the venue. She did not expect to bump into familiar faces at the door. 
They were Nicole and Aaron. They dressed in matching colors of black and white, walking in like a pair of lovebirds. 
Eden also brought a woman with him. She wore a royal formal gown and concealed her face with a mask. 
Still, Elisa noticed the woman's murderous and provocative glare. She could not help but wonder if she was mistaken. 
Suddenly, a mocking tone sounded nearby. "Ms. Benett, wonderful banquet. I heard you recently rescued a few strays. Why didn't you bring them?" 
###chapter1423
Chapter 1423 Who Will Elisa Choose
The question was no doubt a provocation. 
Elisa rescued and convinced Terry and four others to defect from Mr. Carrerra. They feared Mr. Carrerra would hunt them down and slaughter them. Thus, they had no choice but to stay with Elisa and Gareth. 
It seemed this person knew about the matter and even used the word 'strays' to describe Terry and the others. Elisa was too busy thinking to notice the vague smile on his face. It made him appear sinister and ruthless. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. "Are you Mr. Carrerra?" 
She had investigated him before and could only find a brief introduction. There was no photo, and she did not see him during the auction. 
Elisa thought he must have been old and hideous to resort to poison to control others. She never expected to discover that Mr. Carrerra was a dazzlingly handsome man. 
His blue eyes were charming and proud. They were now looking at her with mockery and a touch of cruel gleam. 
Mr. Carrerra sighed. "Ms. Benett, you could have told me you were short on helpers. Why must you snatch my people in such a manner?" 
Although he sighed, his smile did not relax at all. 
Elisa found it funny that he made his lies sound convincing. 
She decided to argue by turning his words against him. 
"Mr. Carrerra, you could have called me if you wanted Ganoderma Caligo or thought you had gone overboard with the poison. I'm not so cruel as to let you die without trying to help. I could have given
you some dregs. Why must you do something so despicable as to try to snatch Ganoderma Caligo from me?" 
One could not deny that Elisa was intelligent and brave. 
Mr. Carrerra looked at her and smiled. "Is it too late to ask for dregs now? I heard you're brilliant and formulated a cure for Heart Piercer Poison. If you can help me solve a major problem, I promise to…" 
"Are you promising me that I can get anything I want? Sorry, money, status, and fame are of no interest to me," Elisa interrupted and smiled. 
She turned around after saying that. 
Seeing that she was about to leave, Mr. Carrerra chased her. 
However, Gareth and Eden arrived before he could say anything. 
Suddenly three stunning men surrounded Elisa. As many guests were nearby, Elisa instantly became the center of their attention. 
They wondered what was so special about Elisa that three incredibly handsome men surrounded her. 
At the same time, the crowd was curious to see who Elisa would choose. 
Elisa did not spare Eden or Mr. Carrerra a glance and held Gareth's arm. 
A few people in the crowd recognized them. 
"I heard they have tremendous good luck. Let's follow them. Maybe some of their luck will rub off on us!" 
"They are a match made in heaven. Of course, they prefer each other no matter how many other beautiful people come their way!" 
"Quick, stop standing there. We must follow them!" 
… 
The crowd rushed to follow Elisa and Gareth. Elisa heard footsteps behind her but ignored them. 
She entered a private lounge with Gareth and withdrew her hand from his arm. 
Then, she sat in a leather chair and frowned as she looked at the endless crowd in the hall below. 
###chapter1424
Chapter 1424 Why Would He Disclose It So Easily
Why did KKCD Casino's boss organize this event? What exactly is his motive? Elisa became even more suspicious of the boss' identity because all the guests who attended were important figures, including Eden and Mr. Carrerra. 
"Gareth, I'll send you the instructions for using Ganoderma Caligo later. After the event tonight…" Elisa's expression turned solemn as her suspicion arose. She expected the worst outcome, so she was prepared to retreat anytime. 
However, Gareth interrupted her sharply before she could finish her sentence. "What are you planning again this time?" 
His eyes turned cold as his anger became obvious. 
Elisa wasn't annoyed by his anger. "I'm not planning anything. I just thought of the worst-case scenario. I need to find out why they are targeting me." Elisa was determined–even if it would cost her life, she wanted to find out the truth. 
Gareth understood her stubbornness. If it was in the past, before their divorce, he couldn't watch her get into trouble no matter how much he disliked her. Now, after overcoming several hardships together, he couldn't abandon her all the more. 
Gareth frowned and asked, "Elisa, am I such a useless man to you?" 
"Not at all." Elisa denied it. Perceiving Gareth's impatient expression, she explained, "I'm the one they're targeting, not you. If you return first, you might be able to settle everything." In contrast, you might be implicated if you continue staying by my side. 
Gareth replied coldly in disdain, "Do you think I'm a coward?" 
"You're not. I just don't want my whole life to be indebted to you." Elisa didn't want to be entangled with Gareth anymore for these matters. 
Meanwhile, Gareth's face darkened even more. 
… 
The event started on time. After an opening remark by the emcee, there were singing and dancing
performances. Nonetheless, none of the guests expected the boss of KKCD Casino to show up and give a speech. The crowd was surprised when they saw the man standing on the stage. 
He was wearing a black suit and looked extraordinarily formal. He spoke into the microphone, "I held the event tonight to thank your support toward KKCD Casino. Due to unexpected reasons, the event was postponed for a few days. All activities tonight are free of charge. At the same time, I prepared a special program. If someone can achieve victory tonight, I'll reveal to the person the origin of Ganoderma Caligo and send someone to escort him there to find the precious plant!" 
Everyone was astounded by the news that sounded too good to be true. It was a significant reward! Many became excited and were ready to go to any lengths to discover the origin of Ganoderma Caligo. 
Looking at the boss, Elisa furrowed her brows. The boss wore a masquerade, so Elisa couldn't see his face. However, for some reason, she felt his gaze occasionally turn toward her. 
As for the special program the boss mentioned, he claimed it was to appreciate the guests' support, but thanks to their support, he earned a fortune from auctioning off his items at exorbitant prices. And now, he wanted to disclose the origin of Ganoderma Caligo, a plant that was so precious that it took a hundred years to grow a single piece. 
If he really knew the location, why would he disclose so easily? 
###chapter1425
Chapter 1425 An Imposing Manner
Or, is the final prize just a diversion while his ultimate intention is… 
"Elisa, Grandma sent you a voice message." While Elisa was mulling over the boss' motive, Gareth's voice jolted her back to reality. She turned to look at Gareth, who then played the voice message from Julia. "Gareth, when are you and Elisa coming back? I tried to call her, but it didn't go through. Go and tell Elisa I need to talk to her." 
The call didn't go through? Elisa frowned and took out her phone. There was no notification of missed calls. Her phone was always switched on, but she had not received any messages or calls since the afternoon. 
She instantly understood Julia's intention but didn't expose it. "Why don't you just reply to Grandma?" 
She was certain that Gareth was aware of Julia's intention too. 
"But Grandma is looking for you," Gareth remarked. 
Elisa was rendered speechless and retorted, "Sure, we're together out here now, but that won't be the case after we return–are you gonna come find me at my place every time Grandma sends you a message to look for me?" Elisa frowned and looked aloof, but it wasn't because she was tired of Julia. 
She just hoped for Gareth to come to his senses and remain rational. Neither did she want to flatter herself and repeat her mistake. 
Gareth pressed his lips and remained silent momentarily before saying, "If that's what Grandma wants, I…" 
"The special program is actually quite simple. Last time, we collaborated with Stowaway Bar to organize an event. Due to the limited space at Stowaway Bar, we moved the event here. Hope everyone is excited to participate!" 
Before Gareth could say anything else, the voice of the emcee emerged. Meanwhile, the boss had left the stage. 
Elisa spotted Eden and Mr. Carrerra sitting in the private room opposite them. When her gaze met them, the two men raised their glasses at her. Elisa was speechless, thinking they must have reached an agreement just now. Otherwise, it was unlikely for them to gesture at her coincidentally. 
"Shall we participate together?" Gareth's low voice came forth. Elisa nodded without hesitating. "Yeah, of course." 
When they opened the door to leave, Elisa was surprised to see Mr. Carrerra standing at the door with a wide grin. "Ms. Benett, shall we form a group?" He lifted his brows at Elisa. 
Before Elisa could answer, Gareth placed his hand around Elisa's waist and pulled her into his arms domineeringly. "She's my partner." 
He blurted with a cold gaze while Elisa acquiesced. 
To avoid Mr. Carrerra, she leaned against Gareth's shoulder with a smile. 
Eden and Mr. Carrerra appeared to be the same type of people, using similar tactics, but Elisa knew they were completely different. 
Mr. Carrerra merely put on an act to mislead her. 
But alas, it turned out that Elisa didn't have a chance to participate in the program. Just as Gareth and she were about to ignore Mr. Carrerra and leave, Mr. North approached them in an imposing manner. 
###chapter1426
Chapter 1426 Not A Pushover
Mr. North walked up to Elisa and greeted her courteously. "Ms. Benett, my boss would like to meet you." 
She couldn't even recognize the person who came last time. In contrast, Mr. North, the person in charge, was sent to greet her this time, which made the boss' intention evident. 
"Alright." Elisa nodded and followed Mr. North. Gareth was worried, but Elisa cast a glance at him to assure him. 
She reckoned they wouldn't dare to act recklessly in the casino. 
With that, Gareth stood and watched Elisa leave. 
On the other hand, Mr. Carrerra remained at the spot after Elisa left with Mr. North. He snorted at Gareth, "If it weren't for Elisa, do you think you could have obtained Ganoderma Caligo?" 
Gareth shot a fierce glare at Mr. Carrerra as the two stared daggers at each other. Both Eden and Mr. Carrerra were like annoying flies, driving Gareth over the edge. 
"That's none of your business," Gareth growled impatiently. 
He glanced at Mr. Carrerra scornfully and was about to go downstairs, but the latter mocked him, "Indeed, that's none of my business. But mark my word—you won't be able to bring Ganoderma Caligo back to Moranta. Neither can you and Elisa protect those five people." 
Mr. Carrerra couldn't care less if Elisa was under the protection of KKCD Casino's boss. Moreover, Gareth was not under his protection. Not only did Elisa turn against Mr. Carrerra, but she also had him wrapped around her little finger, which he couldn't accept! 
"Is it?" Gareth sneered coldly, not affected by Mr. Carrerra's warning to the slightest bit because he didn't care about it. 
Mr. Carrerra smirked frostily. "Go ahead and try it if you don't believe me." Following that, he fiercely sprayed some unknown substance at Gareth's face. 
Gareth was caught off guard as he didn't expect Mr. Carrerra to attack him directly. As the pungent odor spread in the air, it was too late to cover his nose. 
Mr. Carrerra laughed wildly and maliciously. "I shall see how capable Elisa is!" 
With that, he turned around to leave, but a strong hand suddenly grasped his shoulder—Gareth
emphatically yanked Mr. Carrerra back and flipped him over his shoulder. 
Being thrown to the ground, Mr. Carrerra gritted his teeth and flew off the handle. 
"Gareth Wickam, you must be tired of living!" 
He attempted to attack Gareth, but it was impossible in his current state. Gareth stood before him like a king looking down at his captive. He tightened his grip on Mr. Carrerra's shoulder, causing the latter to completely lose his strength to get up. 
Gareth blurted coldly, "Since you're such an expert in using poison, I shall grant your wish. Thomas, tie him up and bring him back to the hotel after the event ends." 
Mr. Carrerra understood Gareth's intention but showed no fear. He even sniggered more contemptuously. "Let's see if you can bring me out of KKCD today!" 
Gareth ignored Mr. Carrerra and didn't bother to spare a glance at him. He had never feared anyone, let alone these few people who repeatedly provoked him. He was not a pushover! 
###chapter1427
Chapter 1427 You Better Show Me Some Respect
With that, Thomas brought Mr. Carrerra away. Mr. Carrerra was determined and wouldn't admit defeat easily. However, Gareth came prepared and arranged more people than Mr. Carrerra did. Moreover, he knew Mr. Carrerra wouldn't dare to cause trouble in KKCD Casino because it was someone else's turf. 
Sitting across from them, Eden witnessed the scene unfold. He was not surprised by Gareth's arrangement but didn't expect Gareth to have the guts to lay a finger on Mr. Carrerra and even captivate him. Nonetheless, he understood Gareth's action was a warning to others. 
Mr. Carrerra will definitely fight back. A face-off might soon take place. By that time, Gareth will be too preoccupied to care about Elisa. No matter how capable she is, she's just a woman. If she falls into the trap herself, even the casino's boss may not be able to protect her. 
Thinking of this, a cunning smile crept across Eden's lips. 
However, his scheme was seen through by Irene, who was standing not far away. She walked over and sneered at Eden, "I don't think you'll succeed. Elisa is brought away by the staff from the casino and won't be back anytime soon. I reckon you won't want to cause a scene in the casino. Also, didn't you realize the casino owner resembles someone?" 
"Who?" Eden frowned in perplexity as he stared at Irene, eagerly anticipating an answer. 
"I've only seen the picture once on a wall, but it left a deep impression. I think they look alike, but I can't be sure." Irene answered with a solemn look. 
She tried hard to recall, but her memory of the picture was blurry. To confirm, she needed to get the casino owner to remove his mask and obtain the picture! But alas, both were impossible. 
"Are you saying that the casino's boss is someone from the royal family?" Eden's eyes darkened as he tried to recall the members of the Yves family. Suddenly, a person came to mind, but he quickly dismissed the thought. "It can't be him. He has cut ties with the royal family for several decades. If it really were him, he would have known about our actions. Given his past relationship with the royal family, we would have been destroyed long ago!" 
Irene didn't answer, but her face was heavy with thoughts. Undeniably, Eden has a point. But if it weren't him, then why was the casino owner so concerned about Elisa? Irene couldn't figure it out. 
Seeing Irene's troubled look, Eden smiled, "Aren't you very confident?" 
Perceiving Eden's sarcasm, Irene did not respond immediately but shot a cold glare at him before snorting, "I'm going to kill Elisa, but haven't you heard of the saying that it's better to have one more friend than having one more enemy? Moreover, I shouldn't act recklessly without knowing the true identity of the boss. I'm not a fool!" 
"So, you actually know you're not a fool?" Eden continued teasing Irene mischievously after being
retorted by her. 
"You! If you want to continue our cooperation, you better show me some respect!" Irene scowled, enraged by his provocation. 
###chapter1428
Chapter 1428 Empty-handed
Eden remained indifferent and even rebuked Irene, "I've warned you not to mess with Elisa. Ever since then, I never thought about continuing to cooperate with you." The truth was Eden didn't care if Irene wanted to join forces with him. 
Irene's expression soured. "Do you really deem yourself the crown prince of Estoccia? Let me be blunt–once those people discover that Elisa is the one they're searching for, you won't even be qualified to carry her sandals!" 
Eden was most concerned about his identity. Irene was well aware that they were similar in that regard. Otherwise, they wouldn't have agreed to work together in the first place. 
Eden narrowed his eyes as he burned in anger. However, Irene didn't intend to stop. Neither did Eden conceal his emotions. In the blink of an eye, he held Irene's neck. 
Irene's eyes widened in shock and disbelief. "H-How dare you lay a hand on me?!" 
Eden sniggered disdainfully, "You should've known your place since our last discussion fell apart. You're not the real princess and have no right to point fingers at me! If you don't want to cooperate, get lost, and don't meddle with my plans! Otherwise… Well, you can try!" 
Eden finally revealed his true colors. Irene could feel the force he was exerting and the violence in his eyes. 
A wise person knows when to retreat. This was a basic and unchanging principle Irene had learned throughout the years to reach her current position. 
She could refrain from going after Elisa for now, but what Eden did was a big blow to her and had trampled on her dignity. 
The moment Eden let go of her, she taunted coldly, "Eden, stop acting salty! Even if I don't go after Elisa and sabotage your plans or even end our collaboration, do you think you can erase what we did together? Or do you think Elisa will eventually fall for you, and when those people find her, she'll abandon you?" 
Irene clenched her fists furiously. If Eden provoked her again, she wouldn't stay back! 
"That's none of your business, you fake princess." Eden cast a cold glance at Irene, thinking nothing of her. 
Irene drew close to Eden in exasperation and hissed, "You were adopted too, Eden! You better watch your words!" 
"Yeah. We were both adopted, so don't be too haughty. Even if I kill you now, do you think your country
will stand up for you?" Eden jeered at Irene mercilessly. 
Irene's expression turned even more gloomy. Precisely because she was an adopted princess, she had been making every effort to learn about politics, diplomacy, etiquette, and more. To establish a favorable image amongst the citizens, she had visited disaster-stricken and poverty several times at the cost of her own comfort. 
However, the citizens' favor toward the true princess remained high. Just as Irene thought she had found the perfect partner, Eden was attracted to Elisa. Even if Irene died, she would remain empty- handed. 
###chapter1429
Chapter 1429 Full of Schemes
She couldn't accept not doing anything and watching Elisa return to ascend the throne and receive the citizens' adoration. 
Irene controlled her emotions and said, "Eden, don't forget that you're not the real crown prince. What are the consequences of you protecting Elisa? Don't talk to me about love. You and Elisa only met not long ago. Don't you think it's ridiculous to give up what you've been pursuing for years just because of that so-called 'interest' in her?" 
Irene knew what Eden was most concerned about and his feelings toward Elisa. So, every word she spoke hit the bull's eye. 
Eden glared at her bitterly. 
Irene smiled. "Killing me at this critical time won't do you any good. Even if my country doesn't fight for me, you should remember whose turf this is. If you cause bloodshed and affect their business, do you think the mysterious person behind all this will let you off? Also, do you really think that I came unprepared?" The coldness in Irene's eyes grew more apparent. 
Eden laid a hand on her just now, so she couldn't simply pretend as if nothing had happened. 
Eden narrowed his eyes and emanated a threatening aura. "So?" 
"You think there'll be no consequences after killing me? But have you considered that I reached where I am today not just by compromising and giving in?" Irene smirked dangerously. 
Eden didn't reply but stared fixedly at her. 
Irene continued, "I have kept my guard up ever since we started cooperating. Don't even think of obtaining what I fail to obtain. If I die, you won't have it any better!" 
At that moment, Eden realized it was not a good idea to offend a woman. He didn't know what crazy things Irene might do. Before his plan succeeded, he didn't intend to burn bridges with Irene. 
"Many people saw us coming in together. We might become a laughing stock if we suddenly go in separate ways. At this moment, you shouldn't act rashly, or you might invite unnecessary troubles." Eden gave in, but his expression remained unpleasant. 
Irene knew Eden merely gave in temporarily and realized that he wasn't her only indispensable partner. However, she decided that she couldn't kick him out completely yet. Both of them kept their own
schemes to themselves. 
… 
On the other hand, Elisa followed Mr. North to the fourth floor. The space was large and luxuriously furnished. 
They could clearly see the scenes downstairs through the floor-to-ceiling windows. Every corner of the casino was displayed on multiple screens. 
A thought came to mind when Elisa saw the numerous monitors. "Boss, may I check the footage from a few days ago?" Elisa asked a suit-clad middle-aged man who placed his hands on his back. 
The man turned around upon hearing the request. His mask was removed. Although age had left its traces on his face, his temperament and charisma couldn't be concealed. 
The man nodded in consent. 
She extracted the footage of the private room where she, Gareth, and Nicole were in. Everything looked normal besides the appearance of the person who impersonated her. 
###chapter1430
Chapter 1430 Exactly Alike
However, she noticed that Nicole had answered a phone call before the woman disguised as she entered Gareth's private room. She had a hunch that the woman was Nicole, but she had no solid evidence, and Nicole stubbornly denied it. 
Besides, Thomas mentioned that the surveillance camera was spoiled that night and had blind spots. Even the surveillance footage in the casino couldn't capture evidence of Nicole impersonating Elisa. 
"Boss, please name your price if I want to restore the damaged surveillance footage." Elisa gathered her thoughts and asked. 
She noticed that the man had been observing her since entering the room. Only then did Elisa recall that she was there because the man sent his subordinates to escort her over. 
The middle-aged man stared at her for a while before smiling. "Name my price? Do you think I'm short on money?" 
He doesn't care about money, then… 
Elisa pressed her lips and asked courteously, "May I know what you would like as a return then, sir? Or you can directly tell me why you wanted me here." 
The man was not used to Elisa's extraordinarily polite tone. "You can be more casual with me. I don't need anything. If you can repair it, go ahead." 
Elisa was surprised by the man's response and found it unbelievable. 
"I've never accepted their compensation." 
That amount of money was nothing to the man. At the same time, he was also telling Elisa that if those people came and talked about money after the footage was repaired, they wouldn't have a say because he had not accepted any compensation. 
"But why?" Elisa was flabbergasted at the man's words and permission. 
When she and Gareth had caused a scene in the casino, the man's attitude was completely different. 
"You don't need a reason for everything." The man frowned. 
However, Elisa disagreed. "There are no free lunches. We're not related in any way, and you don't have to indulge me." 
There were just too many strange people that appeared recently! 
The man smiled. "You think I'm indulging you?" 
Elisa fell silent. 
"That might be an inappropriate word. If it were someone else, they wouldn't even have the right to stand before you and speak to you, but you allowed me to review the surveillance footage." 
He even allowed me to repair the footage if I could and sent Mr. North to escort me here. With all the surveillance camera monitors here, this must be a private and restricted area in the casino. 
The man asked Elisa in return, "But it was you who brought up the request first, wasn't it?" 
Elisa was at a loss for words. It was a casual question, but she didn't expect the boss to agree. After all, she never thought of herself as someone special. She had even prepared for the worst and was ready to negotiate with him if he disagreed. 
Thereafter, the two stopped engaging in a conversation. 
Despite not knowing the boss' intention, Elisa didn't want to miss the opportunity at hand. So, she chose to repair the damaged footage. 
Meanwhile, the man's gaze had not left Elisa–her focused expression was exactly like that of the person in his memory! 
###chapter1431
Chapter 1431 Is Our Conversation Not Serious Enough
"Are you related to Larrisa Yves?" The man stood with his hands at his back. His gaze remained fixed on Elisa when he asked the question to observe Elisa's response. Elisa looked at the man with a perplexed expression. 
"Do you think I resemble her?" 
It seems like she doesn't know Larrisa and might not have even heard that name before. 
Little did the man know that Elisa was observing him too. Her question was straightforward. As she said, there were no free lunches. The man's intention became clear–he thought Elisa was related to Larrisa. 
The man remained silent and didn't answer. 
The truth was he had sent his men to investigate Elisa but found nothing abnormal about her identity, including her parents. Although she had had a marriage with a rich president, he didn't think the woman in her memory would choose a man like Gareth. 
On the other hand, Elisa's mother had an affair with another man when Elisa was young. The Benett family had completely erased her traces, so no information could be found. 
The man realized he had been too abrupt. After cutting ties with his family for many years, he had completely distanced himself from them and had never seen her ever since then. So, he felt surreal when he first met Elisa. 
Meanwhile, Elisa became more certain of her suspicion when she perceived the man's reaction. 
There were billions of people in the world, so naturally, there were a few who resembled one another. Elisa didn't think that the resemblance between her and Larissa implied any possible connection between them. 
She was sensible enough not to ask any further questions and concentrated on restoring the footage. Although the footage was severely damaged by a virus, it didn't pose a challenge to her. She directly constructed a software program to fix the damage. 
"Would you like to have some tea?" The man asked when he saw Elisa take out her phone to kill time. 
Elisa looked toward the man to see him sitting on a leather couch, with a set of purple clay teaware placed in front of him. The aroma of the tea spread in the air. 
She hesitated briefly before walking over to sit across from the man. 
The man poured him a cup of tea. 
"You're smart, but some things are unnecessary." The man implied. 
Perceiving the man's implication, Elisa smiled and answered, "Well, it depends. Different people have different opinions, and that's just your perspective." 
Elisa remained polite toward the man but didn't expect the man to ask her a series of questions. "Firstly, you and he have divorced. Secondly, he hasn't treated you well, and you don't owe him anything. Why are you doing all these for him?" 
However, Elisa had a different view. She shook her head. "I'm not doing much for him. His grandmother cares for me a lot. I'm searching for Ganoderma Caligo for her sake." 
"What about Gareth Wickam, then?" The man asked with a frown. 
Elisa answered honestly, "We came together, so I can't sit aside if he gets into trouble. As long as I'm able to, I'll help him out." 
She wasn't a cold-blooded and ungrateful person. 
The next second, she said, "Boss, why don't we talk about some serious matter?" 
"Do you think our conversation now is not serious enough?" 
###chapter1432
Chapter 1432 Physical Contact
Elisa bit her bottom lip when the man asked the question. 
She kept her mouth sealed. 
She did not mean that he was talking nonsense. It was just that he was straying off-topic. 
All that he had asked were personal questions about her. 
Elisa was being as direct as possible. If she were to point it out straight, it would only disrupt their conversation, and both would be left with a sour taste in their mouths. 
She kept silent, but he was in no hurry to coax an answer out of her. 
He took a sip of tea and spoke slowly after some time. "I didn't have any other purpose for calling you over. Since you've said you don't know the person, just take it as I'm watching another person through you." 
The man revealed his real intentions. 
He did not find anything about Elisa and thought of making her stay for a few more days with the excuse of the gathering. 
He thought of asking the person directly. But Elisa's reaction showed that it was real, and she did not purposely hide anything. 
And just as he said, he was observing the cherished one whom he had not met for a long time through
Elisa. 
"Is she your… lover?" 
She observed his expression as he pondered. She asked the question but immediately regretted it. 
She should not have done it. 
But she could not turn back time. 
The man was wide awake and immediately answered, "No, she's my family." 
It had been over a decade since they met. 
He did not hear any news of her inheritance or return to the country since he left over a decade ago. 
And he did not inquire about any information on the country. 
Elisa kept silent. She was at a loss for words. 
She may never meet this boss again after night. 
'Ding!' 
An alert noise rang. 
Elisa got up to check and saw that the corrupted footage on the security cameras was fixed. In the
video, Nicole came out from the private room. 
Although she had her back to the cameras, within seconds, Elisa noticed that Nicole had gone closer to Gareth's private room. She turned her back to the camera in the room corner. 
A few seconds later, when she turned back, Nicole wore a realistic silicone mask that looked exactly like Elisa! 
A cold look flashed through Elisa's face. 
She would love to see the excuses Nicole would come up with the evidence in hand. 
Elisa had a plan but had to ask for the man's permission. "Sir, can I have a copy of this footage?" 
The man nodded silently. 
With his permission, Elisa made a copy of the video. 
Nicole had no idea what was happening at the time. 
She was still in the private room with Aaron. 
Aaron had not given up and tried to convince her. "If I didn't come and you don't plan on joining, it's fine. But I'm here now, and so many others are joining too. It's difficult to explain if we don't join them, right?" 
Nicole could not care less. "Have you not heard from the head? This event is a continuation by
Stowaway Bar." 
Her gaze was chilly. Her tone as she spoke to him was curt. 
She admitted she was a fool for trusting Aaron at Stowaway Bar before this. 
Why would she allow him to have physical contact with her this time? 
###chapter1433
Chapter 1433 A Painless Death
Besides, the origin place of Ganoderma Caligo that the casino talked about was giving out promotions. She did not care about that. 
Unless it could help with taking away the Ganoderma Caligo in Gareth and Elisa's hands. 
Why could Aaron not see what she was thinking? 
He could not help but press his lips together. "Don't think much about it. Even if all your plans you're thinking about succeed, Gareth Wickam still won't give you a second glance. His compromise is only short-term. Besides, you have not succeeded at all so far!" 
But who was Nicole? 
She was the young miss of the Tabor family. Those that served and followed her were meek. 
Even though Aaron was being careful of his words and tones, she was still irritated. 
She narrowed her eyes. "So what if I fail? Don't think you can tell me what to do just because of your family and your little wealth!" 
Aaron had some power behind him, or else he would not have escaped her control. 
But she had never changed her view of him even as she realized his identity. 
Aaron disagreed and explained. "I've never used my identity as an advantage. Nicole, do you think I would be here with you if I used my power?" 
He came with her to help. He was worried for her. 
He hoped that what he said would remind her to be more careful and not sink further into the trap. 
"And I'm supposed to thank you for that?" She scoffed. 
Aaron meant nothing to her. 
It had not been long since they got to know each other, but Aaron had seen through her. 
Nicole was proud, conceited, overbearing, and apathetic. She was methodical in the things that she did. However, when compared to Elisa, there was much she could learn. 
After all, she was the family's precious young miss, taken care of like silk cloth. 
It was understandable that she lost her temper from time to time. 
Aaron smiled at once. "I have never said that. Why would you think that even though I didn't say anything like that? It's best if you join the event. Besides, aren't both Gareth and Elisa attending it too?" Aaron knew that she had no interest in the event. 
But there was no way she would ignore Gareth. 
He thought that Nicole would be spurred when he mentioned the two. But unexpectedly, her expression did not change one bit. 
"So what if they're joining? I don't care what kind of event the casino is having. I'm not joining anything else because of you!" 
When she heard the word 'stowaway,' memories of her foolishness and humiliation replayed in her mind. 
There was no way she would join any other event that Stowaway had a part in, especially when the one who had hurt her was next to her! 
"Because of me?" 
He observed her reactions with dark eyes. 
What is this? 
He had touched a sore spot. 
Nicole had experienced countless terrible events as of late. Yet Aaron could not take a hint and kept bringing up things before her. Nicole was never that patient in the first place. 
She scoffed. "Aaron Fawler, do you think I care about you? I would love to do away with you, but I'm not that dumb that I will let you have a painless death!" 
Aaron could see the reason behind her anger. 
###chapter1434
Chapter 1434 Never Mind at All
Nicole couldn't help but direct her gaze toward him despite her seething anger. 
Love had the potential to give birth to hatred, and in turn, hatred could metamorphose into love. 
In that aspect, he was fated to succeed. 
Aaron flashed a grin and continued, "You know it. I've always been your go-to guy, granting your every wish like a genie. We've got to find a way to overcome this situation, right?" 
His eyes darted around, a distinct smile playing on his lips. 
Notably, a touch of mischief lingered at the corner of his lips. 
This Aaron Fawler j*rk is obviously a threat! 
Nicole comprehended the calculated intent behind his words, yet she chose not to confront him. 
Regardless of Aaron's background or identity, she never flinched in the face of fear! 
Nicole chuckled and caught on to his words, "Didn't you say you'd help me? Well, suddenly, this event no longer excites me. But, Mr. Fawler, considering your abilities, finding a new partner should be a walk in the park, right?" 
Aaron maintained his smile. He didn't respond to her question, but Nicole knew his silence was a yes. 
However, in the next instant, he retorted, "I'd rather be with you than find a new partner." 
Aaron stared at her with meaning and intensity. 
Nicole's eyes revealed disgust, emitting a palpable coldness. 
Meanwhile, Elisa meticulously analyzed every aspect, including their conversation, with utmost concentration and keen ears, through the surveillance system. 
Elisa furrowed her brow. 
Who is this Aaron Fawler guy? Now, he stood by Nicole's side, offering his support as her ally in the fight against me and Gareth. 
This dude is a formidable enemy. 
"Wanna know who he is?" Suddenly, a man's deep, solemn voice echoed in her ears. 
Elisa responded with a knowing hum, indicating her curiosity. 
Just as the man was about to say something, Elisa promptly switched the surveillant back to Eden and Mr. Carrerra. 
Winslow refrained from speaking due to Elisa's swift actions. 
Elisa focused on Eden, seated with a masked woman on the leather sofa in the private room. Despite the few minutes of observation, the woman didn't take off her mask. 
They didn't engage in any unusual conversation either. 
As for Mr. Carrerra... 
He had been rescued by his subordinates. 
Mr. Carrerra was so furious that he unleashed his anger by hurling s at his subordinates. 
Back to Elisa, she cast a quick glance at Gareth. Seeing that he was lounging on the sofa with his eyes closed. 
Nicola's ayas ravaalad disgust, amitting a palpabla coldnass. 
Maanwhila, Elisa maticulously analyzad avary aspact, including thair convarsation, with utmost concantration and kaan aars, through tha survaillanca systam. 
Elisa furrowad har brow. 
Who is this Aaron Fawlar guy? Now, ha stood by Nicola's sida, offaring his support as har ally in tha fight against ma and Garath. 
This duda is a formidabla anamy. 
"Wanna know who ha is?" Suddanly, a man's daap, solamn voica achoad in har aars. 
Elisa raspondad with a knowing hum, indicating har curiosity. 
Just as tha man was about to say somathing, Elisa promptly switchad tha survaillant back to Edan and Mr. Carrarra. 
Winslow rafrainad from spaaking dua to Elisa's swift actions. 
Elisa focusad on Edan, saatad with a maskad woman on tha laathar sofa in tha privata room. Daspita tha faw minutas of obsarvation, tha woman didn't taka off har mask. 
Thay didn't angaga in any unusual convarsation aithar. 
As for Mr. Carrarra... 
Ha had baan rascuad by his subordinatas. 
Mr. Carrarra was so furious that ha unlaashad his angar by hurling objacts at his subordinatas. 
Back to Elisa, sha cast a quick glanca at Garath. Saaing that ha was lounging on tha sofa with his ayas closad. 
"You clearly still have feelings for him," Winslow commented. 
His deep and distant voice echoed once again. Elisa hesitated momentarily, denying, "It was just a passing glance, no need to read too much into it." 
After having been through all challenges and obstacles together, Elisa wanted to ensure Gareth was safe and unscathed. 
Other than that, there were no special sentiments from her towards him. 
Elisa furrowed her brow, disliking any insinuation and intrusion into her personal life. 
Especially coming from this stranger man standing before her. However, Elisa held her tongue since Winslow had permitted her to monitor the surveillance. 
The man caught a glimpse of Elisa's expression and chuckled softly, "Sometimes, a single glance can reveal all your emotions. I've been in this line of work for many years, and I've encountered more people than you can count." 
Given the man's current position, his words were not an exaggeration. 
Elisa glanced at her boss with indifference and calmly replied, "As you said, I'm merely a lookalike of someone you know. Even if I resemble her completely, I can never be her. You cannot treat me the same way as you treat her. We have no connection whatsoever." 
###chapter1435
Chapter 1435 I'm Curious Who is He
Josie made her attitude clear to Winslow. 
The latter wasn't upset by her provocation. Winslow just stared at her without saying a word. 
Though Elisa claimed she didn't know Larissa, their similarities went beyond physical appearance. It was evident in their gestures, actions, and even their personalities. 
Suddenly, Winslow thought of a possibility. 
Could it be that Larissa, also like him, had cut ties with those people that year? Just as he had left behind his unremarkable past and assumed a new identity, Larissa might have done the same. And now, because of these folks' interference, he couldn't locate Larissa. 
Noticing the man's silence, Elisa averted her gaze to the side. 
Perhaps to him, Elisa's striking resemblance to the person in his mind constantly stirred his thoughts and caused distractions. Elisa didn't find the man's peculiar behavior surprising, considering it was natural for him to long for and miss that person after many years apart. 
He motioned for Elisa to sip her tea and suggested, "Go ahead and enjoy your tea. You haven't even taken a single sip." 
Elisa was also close to accomplishing her own goals. She regarded the man with a mysterious look. She said, "Mr. Knowles, I truly appreciate you allowing me to fix these surveillance cameras and make copies. Is there anything I can do to repay your kindness?" 
The man nonchalantly grinned, "I don't need anything, alright? Haven't I made that clear? Sometimes, when I see your face, it stirs something within me. And showing you the surveillance footage is simply an act of friendship. Don't overanalyze it." 
Elisa was taken aback. Who was this man to speak as if they were friends? 
She couldn't shake off the suspicion that there was more to his words than meets the eye. 
Without knowing the exact identity of Winslow, she didn't want to reveal everything at once. 
A sudden realization struck her, and she turned to the man. "Are you trying to ascertain if there's any connection between me and that person named Larissa? Are you suggesting that we might be mother and daughter?" 
Her mother had abandoned her and her father many years ago. If Winslow had ties to her mother, why would her mother assume a different identity? 
Upon hearing this, the man's expression instantly darkened. 
Winslow hadn't expected Elisa to be so intelligent and critical, able to immediately piece it together. 
While he had indeed entertained the possibility, his intelligence and subordinates had failed to find any evidence to support his speculation. Why hadn't Elisa been discovered earlier if she was Larissa's daughter? 
There were too many doubts and uncertainties surrounding the matter. 
Tha man nonchalantly grinnad, "I don't naad anything, alright? Havan't I mada that claar? Somatimas, whan I saa your faca, it stirs somathing within ma. And showing you tha survaillanca footaga is simply an act of friandship. Don't ovaranalyza it." 
Elisa was takan aback. Who was this man to spaak as if thay wara friands? 
Sha couldn't shaka off tha suspicion that thara was mora to his words than maats tha aya. 
Without knowing tha axact idantity of Winslow, sha didn't want to ravaal avarything at onca. 
A suddan raalization struck har, and sha turnad to tha man. "Ara you trying to ascartain if thara's any connaction batwaan ma and that parson namad Larissa? Ara you suggasting that wa might ba mothar and daughtar?" 
Har mothar had abandonad har and har fathar many yaars ago. If Winslow had tias to har mothar, why would har mothar assuma a diffarant idantity? 
Upon haaring this, tha man's axprassion instantly darkanad. 
Winslow hadn't axpactad Elisa to ba so intalligant and critical, abla to immadiataly piaca it togathar. 
Whila ha had indaad antartainad tha possibility, his intalliganca and subordinatas had failad to find any avidanca to support his spaculation. Why hadn't Elisa baan discovarad aarliar if sha was Larissa's daughtar? 
Thara wara too many doubts and uncartaintias surrounding tha mattar. 
Winslow wouldn't jump to conclusions about Elisa until he had thoroughly investigated. 
"How could you possibly be her daughter? Countless people in the world bear a resemblance; plus, you and she have a significant age difference, and she hadn't even married yet." The man stated, taking a sip of his tea and brushing off the topic casually. 
Elisa silently sipped her tea, attempting to ease her doubts and the uncomfortable situation with Winslow. 
Winslow noticed that Elisa had finally sipped her tea, which pleased him. However, Elisa maintained a relaxed expression as she looked at him. 
"Mr. Knowles, I appreciate your offer, but you've already done me a great favor by providing the surveillance footage. As for background checks, I can handle that on my own," 
Elisa responded politely yet firmly. 
Without missing a beat, Winslow suggested, "Let's exchange contact information." 
Elisa hesitated briefly before deciding to share her contact details with him. 
Given that Elisa resembled Larissa, Winslow might be more inclined to help her due to his lingering affection for Larissa. Nevertheless, Elisa recognized that Winslow, a mature and experienced man, didn't exhibit the same extreme behavior as Mr. Carrerra and Eden. 
###chapter1436
Chapter 1436 Ms Benett, You're Finally Back!
Having finished her tea and copied the surveillance footage, Elisa was ready to leave. She asked, "Is there anything else you need from me, Mr. Knowles?" 
Winslow knew what Elisa was thinking. 
He grinned and said, "Didn't I already say there's no need? You said you couldn't just stand by and watch Gareth get into trouble. It's pointless for me to force you to stay. I don't need you here. Go ahead and do your thing." 
The man's remarkable insight into her thoughts caught Elisa off guard. 
Nevertheless, she didn't argue and nodded, saying, "Alright. If you need me for anything, give me a call." 
There was no such thing as a free ride in this world. 
Having obtained the surveillance footage with Winslow's help, it was only logical for him to reach out for another assignment. As long as it aligned with her principles, Elisa would be willing to accept it. 
Little did Elisa know that the man called in his subordinate, North, after she left. 
North came and greeted, "What can I do for you, Mr. Knowles?" 
"Get the saliva from this cup, extract the DNA, and then compare it to mine," Winslow commanded North. 
North was utterly taken aback and asked with utter confusion, "Are you serious, Mr. Knowles?" 
Never before had he been so taken aback and bewildered in Winslow's presence. 
North knew very well that no one else had left the room except Elisa. It was the very cup she had just taken a sip from. 
He was astonished to be asked to send Elisa's saliva sample along with Winslow's for a DNA test. 
No wonder his boss had been treating Elisa differently, but... Winslow had always been a loner all these years. Throughout all the years North had worked for him, he had never witnessed Winslow showing any interest in women. 
The sudden suspicion that Elisa could be Winslow's biological daughter blew North's mind. 
But Winslow responded to his disbelief with a scolding tone, "Since when did you become such a nosy busybody with so many doubts?" 
"Oh, Mr. Knowles, that's not what I meant. If she truly is your daughter, I would..." 
"Did I ever say she is my daughter?" 
Before North could finish his sentence, Winslow's intense glare startled him. 
North didn't dare to say another word and quickly explained, "Sorry, Mr. Knowles. I'll take care of the matter immediately!" 
With that, he hurried away. 
This was the only difference that set Winslow apart from the likes of crooks such as Mr. Carrera and Eden. 
Despite Winslow's cold and indifferent nature, he would never take it out on his subordinates! 
North knaw vary wall that no ona alsa had laft tha room axcapt Elisa. It was tha vary cup sha had just takan a sip from. 
Ha was astonishad to ba askad to sand Elisa's saliva sampla along with Winslow's for a DNA tast. 
No wondar his boss had baan traating Elisa diffarantly, but... Winslow had always baan a lonar all thasa yaars. Throughout all tha yaars North had workad for him, ha had navar witnassad Winslow showing any intarast in woman. 
Tha suddan suspicion that Elisa could ba Winslow's biological daughtar blaw North's mind. 
But Winslow raspondad to his disbaliaf with a scolding tona, "Sinca whan did you bacoma such a nosy busybody with so many doubts?" 
"Oh, Mr. Knowlas, that's not what I maant. If sha truly is your daughtar, I would..." 
"Did I avar say sha is my daughtar?" 
Bafora North could finish his santanca, Winslow's intansa glara startlad him. 
North didn't dara to say anothar word and quickly axplainad, "Sorry, Mr. Knowlas. I'll taka cara of tha mattar immadiataly!" 
With that, ha hurriad away. 
This was tha only diffaranca that sat Winslow apart from tha likas of crooks such as Mr. Carrara and Edan. 
Daspita Winslow's cold and indiffarant natura, ha would navar taka it out on his subordinatas! 
However, North's words had left an impact on him. 
If it wasn't the outcome he had in mind, then how could he explain the striking resemblance between Elisa and Larissa? 
If the DNA results turned out positive as expected, why did Larissa choose to be with Elisa's father, and what events unfolded afterward that led to such damaging rumors about her? 
Lost in contemplation, Winslow ignited a cigar. 
His pensive expression appeared even more enigmatic amidst the swirling smoke... 
Meanwhile, Gareth... 
The poison running through his veins had already taken its toll. His face was discolored, battered, and his lips swollen like a sausage with a purplish hue. 
Witnessing Gareth in such a state, Thomas grew incredibly anxious, "Mr. Wickam, I need to go fetch Ms. Benett back here right away. If we keep stalling like this, I fear for your life!" 
"Don't..." 
Before Gareth could finish his sentence, a clicking sound caught their attention as the door swung open. 
In the next moment, Elisa walked in. 
As soon as Thomas saw her, relief washed over him as if Elisa were their savior! 
"Ms. Benett, you're finally here!" 
###chapter1437
Chapter 1437 What Do You Want?
Thinking on his feet, Thomas offered, "Ms. Benett, we've got Mr. Carrerra locked up and guarded. If you'd like, I can accompany you to see him." 
"But can your men really handle someone like Mr. Carrerra, who managed to deceive someone as sharp as your boss, Mr. Wickam? My advice, for now, is to keep a close eye on Mr. Wickam." With those words, Elisa turned around and exited the private room. 
Her sarcasm was evident, and only God knew whether her prickly comeback was directed at Thomas or Gareth. 
Nonetheless, Thomas stood there in stunned silence. 
Was Mr. Carrerra really that sneaky and wicked, going beyond anything he could have imagined? 
Thomas had never expected Mr. Carrerra to stoop so low. After all, only individuals of high status and position were allowed in this place. Yet, Mr. Carrerra had dared to take such an unconventional approach. 
... 
In Winslow's private room, Elisa had seen the entire surveillance system, informing her of the precise location where Mr. Carrerra was being held. 
And it seemed Mr. Carrerra had come prepared. 
Elisa approached Mr. Carrerra's room, and his subordinates didn't obstruct her; instead, they stepped
aside. She entered and found Mr. Carrerra pouring red wine. The tall glasses held a deep crimson color reminiscent of blood. 
Mr. Carrerra didn't bother checking who had arrived; he knew it was Elisa. With a half-smile, he greeted her, "Ms. Benett, what brings us together again?" 
Disgust flashed in Elisa's eyes. It was evident that Mr. Carrerra was behind all these frenzies. Yet, he had the audacity to pretend they crossed paths again. 
"What is your motive behind the poisoning? Is it for the Ganoderma Caligo or for revenge? Revenge for choosing the wrong person, for turning your subordinates against you, not Gareth." Elisa pursed her lips, confronting Mr. Carrerra across the table. 
Upon hearing Elisa's words, a broader smile crept across Mr. Carrerra's face. He proceeded to pour another glass of red wine. 
He held one glass in his hand and raised the other toward Elisa. 
Elisa clearly understood the striking disparity between Mr. Carrerra and Winslow—they were like night and day. She knew Winslow had a higher moral compass and a greater sense of honor than Mr. Carrerra. 
Otherwise, Winslow wouldn't resort to poisoning to manipulate people and gain their loyalty. 
In response to Elisa's words, Mr. Carrerra sighed, "Ms. Benett, you have no idea how Gareth provoked me after you left. Given his behavior, I believe I am justified in defending myself, don't you think?" 
Mr. Carrerra's pretended innocence left Elisa flustered. 
Mr. Carrarra didn't bothar chacking who had arrivad; ha knaw it was Elisa. With a half-smila, ha graatad har, "Ms. Banatt, what brings us togathar again?" 
Disgust flashad in Elisa's ayas. It was avidant that Mr. Carrarra was bahind all thasa franzias. Yat, ha had tha audacity to pratand thay crossad paths again. 
"What is your motiva bahind tha poisoning? Is it for tha Ganodarma Caligo or for ravanga? Ravanga for choosing tha wrong parson, for turning your subordinatas against you, not Garath." Elisa pursad har lips, confronting Mr. Carrarra across tha tabla. 
Upon haaring Elisa's words, a broadar smila crapt across Mr. Carrarra's faca. Ha procaadad to pour anothar glass of rad wina. 
Ha hald ona glass in his hand and raisad tha othar toward Elisa. 
Elisa claarly undarstood tha striking disparity batwaan Mr. Carrarra and Winslow—thay wara lika night and day. Sha knaw Winslow had a highar moral compass and a graatar sansa of honor than Mr. Carrarra. 
Otharwisa, Winslow wouldn't rasort to poisoning to manipulata paopla and gain thair loyalty. 
In rasponsa to Elisa's words, Mr. Carrarra sighad, "Ms. Banatt, you hava no idaa how Garath provokad ma aftar you laft. Givan his bahavior, I baliava I am justifiad in dafanding mysalf, don't you think?" 
Mr. Carrarra's pratandad innocanca laft Elisa flustarad. 
How could Gareth have possibly provoked him first? 
Not one to beat around the bush, Elisa laid her cards on the table, "Hand over the antidote right now." 
Mr. Carrerra chuckled in response, "How amusing, Ms. Benett. We're not exactly close or friends. Why should I give it to you just because you ask?" 
Seeing that Elisa declined the glass of red wine, Mr. Carrerra casually dropped it into the trash can before him, revealing his true nature. 
Everything he had shown thus far had been an act. 
"Aren't you going to give the antidote to cure the person you poisoned?" Elisa narrowed her eyes. She had prepared herself for the worst before arriving. If Mr. Carrerra refused to comply, she would resort to coercion. 
Elisa couldn't care less about the potential consequences of resorting to drastic measures. 
Mr. Carrerra had made himself clear, "No way. Gareth is asking for trouble all by himself. And am I not doing you a favor by helping you get rid of that annoying ex-husband? Shouldn't you be grateful? Why tie yourself to a crooked tree when there are plenty of choices?" 
Elisa didn't bother responding; instead, she took a deep breath. 
Just as she was about to make her move, Mr. Carrerra quickly backed away, avoiding her action. 
###chapter1438
Chapter 1438 Antidote
Mr. Carrerra had a sharpness about him that Elisa couldn't ignore. She also noticed his agility, as if he were a skilled fighter. 
If she fought Mr. Carrerra, she might not necessarily win. 
Elisa realized that engaging in a head-on battle with Mr. Carrerra might not guarantee her victory. With this understanding, she held back from launching an attack and said, "Gareth won't die, and your desires won't be fulfilled. If you insist on being our enemy..." 
It was a moment of emotional outpouring from Elisa. 
With Gareth's life hanging in the balance, she couldn't afford to waste time tangled up with Mr. Carrerra and engaging in meaningless banter! 
However, Mr. Carrerra remained unfazed by her words. He sneered, "The Ganoderma Caligo is desired by many, not just me. By inciting betrayal among my subordinates, you have already provoked me and willingly chosen to be my enemy. Isn't that the case?" 
Mr. Carrerra was indifferent, unconcerned about whether they were friends or enemies, which caused Elisa's brows to knit together. 
However, before she could speak, Mr. Carrerra cut her off with a smile. He proposed, "Ms. Benett, I'm well aware of your detoxification abilities, but the poison I unleashed upon Gareth is not something you can cure in a short time. How about coming on a three-day trip with me in exchange for an antidote for him?" 
Taking a step closer to Elisa, he towered at a height exceeding six feet, his enigmatic eyes holding a mysterious glint. Elisa could sense intimidation emanating from him. 
It was undeniable that Mr. Carrerra had her firmly in his grasp. 
While Elisa could detoxify Gareth, they only had one remaining Ganoderma Caligo. 
Despite Gareth's stubborn refusal to consume it for himself, the limited time available wouldn't allow Elisa to concoct another remedy. 
Faced with Mr. Carrerra's proposition, she had no choice but to compromise, stating, "Fine, I'll go with you. Now give me the antidote." 
Mr. Carrerra, aware that Elisa would yield to his offer, surrendered the antidote. 
He retrieved a dazzling dark blue glass bottle from his pocket. 
Elisa took it and warned, "Once I make sure Gareth is fine, I will fulfill my promise." 
Mr. Carrerra smirked and quipped, "Look around you. Do you think I'd hand over the antidote if I really wanted to play tricks? Keeping one's word is important in our circle, you know." 
Besides, Elisa was protected by KKCD Casino, which meant they couldn't do or say anything if she willingly chose to leave with him. With the antidote in her possession, Elisa wasted no time and made her exit. 
As Mr. Carrerra watched her go, a mischievous and amused smile spread across his face. These next
three days needed some excitement and spice! 
Soon, Elisa returned to Gareth's private room with the antidote. Following her instructions, Thomas pricked Gareth's finger to draw blood, which took about half an hour. While Gareth's condition seemed less severe, he still appeared weak and pale. 
Approaching Gareth, Elisa helped him up and carefully administered the antidote. She then checked his pulse. Initially erratic and weak, Gareth's pulse gradually stabilized and regained a steady rhythm, showing signs of returning vitality. Apart from traces of previous medication, his system had nothing else. 
It was clear that Mr. Carrerra's antidote had indeed done its job. Elisa reassured them, "We don't need to attend the KKCD gathering. Thomas, take him back to the country. Once you're settled at Grandma's place, let me know immediately, and I'll video call you to explain how to prepare the decoction." 
###chapter1439
Chapter 1439 He Won't Let Go
Elisa told Thomas about the deal she struck with Mr. Carrerra for the antidote. Understanding the sacrifice she had made, Gareth, despite his weakened state, declared firmly, "No. We're leaving this place and going home together!" 
Having been married to Gareth for several years, Elisa knew all too well how stubborn he was. Once he made up his mind, it was impossible to sway him. 
Furthermore, Gareth held strong principles. 
However, now was not the time to dwell on his principles. 
Elisa pressed her lips together and stated, "The antidote you just took was part of the exchange I made with Mr. Carrerra..." 
Curiosity sparked in Gareth's eyes as he abruptly sat up from the couch. His cold expression flickered for a moment before he was overcome by a violent coughing fit. Nevertheless, his gaze remained cold and piercing. 
Indifferently, Elisa responded, "You don't need to worry about that. It's not some transaction involving my body. We're even now, Gareth. I don't owe you anything anymore." 
As a colleague and former spouse, she had done everything possible to help him. 
After laying out everything to Thomas, Elisa was ready to follow through on her promise to Mr. Carrerra. She turned around, wanting to leave; before she could even move an inch, Gareth firmly grasped her hand. 
Sensing the need for privacy, Thomas discreetly left the private room, giving them space to talk. 
Gareth glared at Elisa and spoke chilly, "I'm not someone who dies easily or so soon, and I trust you, Elisa. Why did you strike a deal with a cunning wolf like him, knowing he has ulterior motives?" 
Elisa paused to compose herself, her eyes meeting Gareth's unwavering gaze. She spoke with conviction, "Gareth, you know the person I am, and you've seen the true extent of Mr. Carrerra's wickedness. What kind of deadly poison did he use on you? We didn't have much time to find you a remedy. I know you wouldn't leave me behind; likewise, I won't let you die without fighting to save you. We're in this together, but only for now. Once we're back, we'll go our separate ways and never cross paths again." 
They had been divorced for quite some time, and they shouldn't allow themselves to be entangled like this any longer. 
Elisa believed she had made her intentions clear, but Gareth showed no signs of relenting. In fact, his frustration grew, "It's precisely because he's a cunning and wicked man that the antidote could be a sham! Making a deal with someone like him is the dumbest decision, don't you see that?!" 
Dumb? Elisa had put herself on the line, risking her own well-being to obtain the antidote and save him, and now she was being called dumb? 
But Elisa didn't see it that way. His stubbornness triggered her frustration, "If it weren't for Grandma's sake, I would have gladly let you face the consequences of your choices. Don't assume I still harbor feelings for you just because I made a deal with Mr. Carrerra to save you. I closed that chapter for good when we signed those divorce papers." 
She had sacrificed her aspirations and talents, playing the role of a homemaker, taking care of household chores and cooking, all because of her love for him. But in the end, he broke her heart. Now that they were divorced, Gareth became even more shameless and delusional, thinking she still loved him! 
Elisa wouldn't be foolish enough to be deceived by the same man again! 
Gareth pursed his lips, his gaze filled with pain. After a brief silence, he questioned, "So, you wish to see me dead?" 
Elisa noticed the dimness in Gareth's eyes and immediately regretted her words, "That's not what I meant." 
She looked away, avoiding direct eye contact. 
"Tell me, what did you trade with him?" Gareth unconsciously tightened his grip on her arms. 
Elisa instinctively pulled her arms away. 
Realizing this, Gareth loosened his grasp but ultimately didn't let go of her, indicating that he wouldn't give up until she revealed the details of the deal she struck with Mr. Carrerra. 
###chapter1440
Chapter 1440 But They Were Already Divorced!
Elisa found herself at her wit's end, trying to reason with Gareth, and she had no choice but to reveal the truth. "He didn't make any trade with me either. He simply asked me to accompany him on a three- day trip, possibly to the Middle East for something." 
Just as Elisa thought Gareth would finally let go after hearing the specifics, he stubbornly declared, "You're not allowed to go!" 
This caught Elisa off guard, and she questioned, "Why not?" 
She had made an equal exchange with Mr. Carrerra for the antidote, and she was not the type to go back on her word. If she reneged on their agreement, what kind of shady person would she be? 
However, a hint of hesitation flickered across her face. Did Gareth have other plans to resolve the situation? 
Gareth, filled with a sense of lifelong humiliation from being deceived, could no longer bear being weak. He gazed at Elisa. His expression was stoic yet earnest. "That man is cunning and deceitful. If he wants the Ganoderma Caligo, let him have it. You don't need to put yourself in danger." 
Elisa looked at him in disbelief. 
His grasp on her hand tightened, causing a pang of pain. The physical sensation served as a reminder that all of this was undeniably real. Elisa found it hard to fathom Gareth's words, yet his resolute expression and unwavering tone left little room for disbelief. 
The Ganoderma Caligo resulted from Gareth's substantial investment and arduous efforts. He had
even embarked on a challenging journey overseas with Elisa, pursuing this herb to heal his ailing grandmother. 
"Gareth, you have only a limited amount of Ganoderma Caligo. What will become of Grandma if you compromise and give it away?" Elisa pursed her lips, meeting Gareth's gaze head-on. 
For some reason, she was curious about Gareth's reaction at this moment. Would he yield or stand his ground? 
Gareth didn't back down. "We might delay Grandma's treatment, but I won't let you endanger yourself any further. If he wants the Ganoderma Caligo, he doesn't truly want me dead." 
"You stay here. Let me handle all these." Gareth asserted with resolve. 
But Elisa stood her ground, refusing to budge. "You've said it yourself, Gareth. Mr. Carrerra is cunning and ruthless. Now that you finally have the antidote, don't fall into his trap again. I'm sure he won't kill me since he proposed the trade willingly. Enough with the nonsense! You bring back the Ganoderma Caligo, and I'll help you arrange everything to ensure your safe return." 
Elisa made another attempt to free her hand from Gareth's firm grip. 
Gareth's fingers, long and slender, felt icy cold due to the effects of the recent poisoning. 
Their touch sent a shiver down Elisa's spine, leaving her perplexed as to why she was experiencing such a sensation. Yet, Gareth remained resolute, unwilling to release his grip. 
Once Gareth dug his heels in, his stubbornness knew no bounds. Elisa understood that persuading him
would be an uphill battle. 
Gareth furrowed his brows, his stance unwavering. "I can't just leave you here and go back home. How can I explain all of this to Grandma?" 
Elisa couldn't help but feel a sense of helplessness. "If you don't let go now, I won't be able to keep my promise. That means going back on my word. Gareth, you know the consequences of breaking my promise. I've repeatedly subtly hinted to Grandma that we're not meant to be. We're no longer kids. It's time to let go of unrealistic hopes and face reality!" 
Gareth was well aware of what she meant. He was determined to fulfill his grandmother's wishes, regardless of the circumstances. He would do whatever it took to make her happy. 
But didn't they already divorce?! 
###chapter1441
Chapter 1441 Despicable
If Gareth genuinely cared and wanted to please Julia, why didn't he heed her ion and refrain from divorcing Elisa? Why did he insist on divorcing her anyway? 
Gareth remained silent. Elisa's words cut through him like a knife, reminding him of his mistake. 
Julia's fondness for Elisa was evident, and Gareth had witnessed their interactions firsthand, getting to know Elisa's true nature. 
Elisa wasn't an irredeemable and malicious woman. 
So, there must have been some misinformation from Linda. Their marriage... 
Observing Gareth's silence, Elisa found it somewhat amusing yet ironic. "Gareth, you're not seriously considering remarrying me, are you?" 
Gareth's wandering thoughts were brought back by Elisa's words, and he caught her expression. Elisa's indifference towards remarriage was unmistakable. 
Gareth was aware that Elisa thought it was a joke. But that was how she perceived it, not him! 
During their three-year marriage, Gareth had never made any effort to express his affection towards her. Following their divorce, Elisa no longer believed in the possibility of Gareth's feelings changing overnight. 
Men could be despicable because they often realize their regrets only after losing something. Since their divorce, Elisa had stopped underestimating herself. She felt a newfound sense of liberation. 
Only a fool would consider remarrying him! 
Gareth's expression turned cold and severe. 
Apparently, Elisa could sense the shift in his emotions through his demeanor. Finally, he parted his tightly pressed lips. With unwavering conviction, he began, "Elisa, it's because I didn't truly understand you before, but now I've come to realize..." 
Before Gareth could finish his sentence, Elisa interjected, her tone dripping with coldness. 
"Don't even think about telling me that you've suddenly realized I wasn't the despicable woman you thought I was, and you've come to realize my good qualities now, Gareth. Your lack of understanding stemmed from considering me despicable and despising me. Feelings of liking or disliking someone don't change overnight. You see me in a different light now, and the most beneficial aspect of remarrying me is improving Grandma's health, which would undoubtedly bring happiness to your grandfather as well." 
Her words held undeniable truth. 
Elisa fixed her gaze on Gareth's hand and subtly hinted at him to let go of her. No additional words were necessary; her message was unmistakable. Yet, Gareth remained unyielding, refusing to let go. 
Elisa felt her patience dwindling, her tolerance wearing thin. She no longer had the energy or inclination to engage in further arguments with Gareth. 
Gripping his wrist firmly, she exerted some force, which was a silent demand for him to release her. 
Gareth's weakened strength and deteriorating health from the poisoning didn't diminish his masculinity. 
There was an inherent difference in physical strength between men and women, and Elisa lacked the strength to seize him. 
In the next instant, Gareth reached out and pulled her closer, his hand firmly gripping her waist, trapping her beneath him. 
"I said I will handle Mr. Carrerra. You stay here." 
Gareth asserted, maintaining his unwavering dominance. 
Elisa pushed against him, catching a whiff of the lingering medicinal and masculine scent surrounding Gareth. His face loomed before her, amplified in size. 
He was someone she had once cared for, and at this moment, Elisa felt a profound unease, unable to meet Gareth's gaze. 
She squirmed with embarrassment. "Gareth, please behave. Let me go, or else..." 
"We're still in Moranta. Besides, we used to be husband and wife," Gareth interrupted. His tone was nonchalant, but his expression and words infuriated her. 
###chapter1442
Chapter 1442 Now It's Your Turn!
Elisa's fist struck his chest— "You said it yourself, we used to be husband and wife, but now we are no longer. We are complete strangers! Just stop arguing with me. If you dare to defy my will, I swear this will be the end for you!" 
Elisa's intimidation didn't faze Gareth. Before he could utter a word, an argument erupted from outside the door. "Watch your step, you mutt! This is not your territory." 
"F*ck off!" 
With a loud bang, a heavy crashed onto the ground, and the next moment, someone forcefully pushed the door open from outside. 
Leading the charge was Mr. Carrerra, accompanied by a group of people, bursting in with aggression. 
Seizing the opportunity, Elisa shoved Gareth to the side. 
Gareth, in turn, shot a cold, piercing gaze in Mr. Carrerra's direction. 
Yet, Mr. Carrerra paid no attention to Gareth, "Judging by your bold and steady glare, I assume you've made quite a remarkable recovery. A man who relied on a woman's sacrifice to obtain the antidote, Mr. Wickam, do you deserve to be called a man?" 
Mr. Carrerra had witnessed the standoff between Gareth and Elisa just moments ago. 
He found the scene quite amusing. 
Gareth seethed with rage at Mr. Carrerra's provocation and mockery. As Gareth was about to rise to his feet, Elisa reached out and pulled him back, gently tugging at him. 
She didn't want Gareth to argue with Mr. Carrerra at this critical moment. 
If this despicable man were to poison Gareth again, she wouldn't be able to address it immediately. It would only exacerbate their turmoil and intensify Gareth's suffering! 
Elisa let out a scoff and was about to retort. 
Still, Gareth beat her to it, "An empty barrel only dares to employ deceitful tactics behind others' backs —what can such a despicable and shameless person like you ever achieve?" 
Despite the mocking expression on Mr. Carrerra's face, there was an underlying sense of fear towards Gareth. 
He recognized Gareth's influence and the power he held. 
"So, you want the Ganoderma Caligo?" Gareth asked, his voice dripping with icy coldness. 
However, his questions were laced with sarcasm and ridicule. 
"Yes, I want the Ganoderma Caligo. Those who achieve great things don't sweat the small stuff. It's always better to rely on oneself than depend on women, right?" 
Mr. Carrerra's mocking grin grew even more comprehensive. 
But before Mr. Carrerra could finish his sentence, Gareth swiftly stepped forward and stood before him. 
'Bang!' 
Gareth moved so quickly that no one could see what he did to Mr. Carrerra. Still, within an instant, Mr. Carrerra was kneeling before Gareth. 
Mr. Carrerra had come with his entourage, and as a prominent figure in the Middle East, he wouldn't tolerate Gareth's audacity! 
However, just as Mr. Carrerra tried to rise, Gareth pressed down on his shoulder. 
Mr. Carrerra seethed angrily, attempting to break free from Gareth's grip, but Gareth stood firm like an immovable rock. 
Gareth stood tall before Mr. Carrerra, looking down at him. "I've been playing your game all along. Did you really think you were clever and your methods superior?" 
"You—!" 
Mr. Carrerra never expected to be the one outmaneuvered by Gareth! 
Elisa stood by coldly, observing everything. 
She never anticipated that Gareth had a solid plan in place. 
"Elisa is mine. Did you bother to consult with me when it comes to dealings?" Gareth narrowed his eyes, his voice lowering as the pressure in his grip intensified. 
A sharp cracking sound reverberated the next moment as Mr. Carrerra felt intense and excruciating pain in his shoulder blade. 
But he merely furrowed his brows and remained silent. 
"Now, it's your turn!"
###chapter1443
Chapter 1443 Digging to the Bottom
Gareth remained expressionless as his lips moved, seemingly unaffected by the situation. Suddenly, a large group of individuals dressed in black burst into the room, surrounding Mr. Carrerra. 
In the chaos, Mr. Carrerra's subordinates had their weapons confiscated, intensifying the gravity of the situation. 
Gareth firmly gripped Mr. Carrerra's jaw and forcefully shoved a handful of small pills into his mouth. 
Mr. Carrerra's eyes widened with fear as he desperately tried to spit out the pills. But Gareth held his cheeks tightly, preventing him from doing so. 
"You're sealing your own fate, Gareth Wickam! While you may have me at your mercy today, do you honestly believe I will allow this humiliation to become your triumph?" 
Mr. Carrerra's teeth clenched, exuding anger and coldness from his gaze. If looks could kill, Gareth would have perished a hundred times under Mr. Carrerra's glare. 
However, Mr. Carrerra's warning did not intimidate Gareth. 
The latter sneered in response, "Before you entertain thoughts of turning the tables, consider how you'll survive the ten deadly poisons I just fed you!" 
Someone seized Mr. Carrerra without delay, restraining him and forcibly throwing him into the bathroom. The door was promptly locked from the outside, sealing his fate within. 
"Ah—!" 
A heart-wrenching scream reverberated through the private room. But the exceptional soundproofing ensured the event attendees downstairs remained oblivious to the disturbance. 
"Where do you think you're going?" Gareth stepped forward, calling out to Elisa. 
Elisa did not turn around, her expression growing even colder. "This place is too noisy. I'm heading out for some fresh air and to clear my mind. Besides, I'm under no obligation to report everything to you, am I?" 
Little did she anticipate that Gareth had deliberately poisoned himself, intentionally provoking Mr. Carrerra's desire to win. 
Little did Elisa suspect that Gareth had intentionally poisoned himself, cleverly provoking Mr. Carrerra's desire to triumph. In hindsight, she couldn't help but feel foolish for hastily rushing to his aid, considering compromises and deals to secure the antidote at the first opportunity. 
"I understand that you're angry with me, but I'm capable of handling these matters as a man," Gareth expressed, sensing Elisa's indifference and the flicker of anger in her eyes. He hurried to catch up with her, and together, they walked out of the private room while he explained himself aloud. 
Regret washed over Gareth as he realized his words only fueled Elisa's fury. She shot him a piercing glare and fired back, "So, are you implying that I'm being delusional and nosy?" 
Elisa realized that she shouldn't have intervened in the first place. Letting him suffer from the poison would be better, allowing him to take the risk and see if Mr. Carrerra would truly fulfill his dark desire. 
Standing before Elisa, Gareth explained, "I never meant it that way, Elisa. We're in this together now." 
Despite his weakened and pallid appearance, Gareth's current condition and resilience were commendable. Notably, he had recovered better than others who had been poisoned and cured. 
"I should have had Thomas record your state when you were poisoned!" Elisa snapped at Gareth, her anger evident. 
The tension between them was palpable, and Elisa regretted involving herself with Gareth. She realized that continuing with him would only bring more complications and pain. 
"Elisa, let's take a moment to calm down, and we can discuss this later," Gareth urged, trying to defuse the tension between them. 
"Our collaboration has been going well. Once we return, I can have Thomas thoroughly investigate those lingering issues..." 
Elisa's interruption was swift and cold, cutting off Gareth before he could complete his sentence. "No need." 
Her expression remained distant, and her indifference was palpable. Despite understanding Gareth's intentions, she firmly and decisively rejected him without a moment's hesitation. 
###chapter1444
Chapter 1444 Nicole's Deed
At that moment, Gareth never considered looking into it or taking Elisa's side to believe her. After all, what difference would it make even if the truth was uncovered now? 
Linda was already dead. 
Even if he could prove Elisa's innocence, some people would perceive her attempt to defame the deceased Linda. 
But Gareth didn't see it that way. He pressed his lips together and said, "Why not? Of course, it's necessary to defend your innocence. Elisa, I..." 
Elisa's intense expression took Gareth by surprise. It was a reaction he had never seen from her during their long acquaintance. 
For a moment, Gareth fell silent, absorbing Elisa's words. 
A faint trace of amusement glimmered in Elisa's eyes as she responded coldly, "You already sentenced me to a capital offense back then, Gareth. Let me ask you, even if you investigate now and prove my innocence, what difference would it make? Do you think I need your attempts at redemption? Do you believe I want your money or to continue a loveless marriage with you?" 
A loveless marriage was even more terrifying than death itself! 
She had foolishly believed that she could touch Gareth's heart and spend their twilight years together, finding comfort in each other's presence as they aged. But what had it all come to? 
"I understand that you no longer care about it, but after everything we've been through, I'm compelled to seek the truth, Elisa. I cannot falsely accuse an innocent person, nor can I let a guilty person evade justice," Gareth's expression turned serious and resolute, his eyes filled with icy determination. 
Elisa found his determination cringe-worthy, "That's your business; it has nothing to do with me. Now that you have the antidote, control over Mr. Carrerra with the poison, and have obtained the Ganoderma Caligo, you can continue on your own path. At the same time, I'll choose a separate one." 
With these words, Elisa sidestepped Gareth and left. 
Gareth understood Elisa's nature, and he had already poured his heart out, saying everything he wanted to say. Now, it was in her hands. 
Did he expect Elisa to boldly push open the door and stride into the adjacent private room? 
To his surprise, it was Nicole's private room! 
Uncertain of Elisa's intentions, Gareth decided to follow her nonetheless. 
Elisa entered the room ahead of him. 
As she pushed the door open, she immediately drew the attention of Nicole's two subordinates stationed by the entrance. They were about to attack Elisa when she swiftly stepped back, seized their wrists, and forcefully yanked, causing them to collide forcefully with each other.
The commotion instantly caught Nicole's attention. 
Elisa's arrival darkened Nicole's expression. "Elisa, I didn't expect you to come meddling in my affairs. Yet here you are, on my doorstep!" 
A hint of ruthlessness flickered in Nicole's eyes as she spoke. 
She clapped her hands, and several men in black suits emerged from the restroom. 
These were individuals Nicole had prearranged, ready for such a situation. 
They had been strategically placed, one step ahead of the game. 
Since the confrontation had escalated, there was no need for secrecy anymore. 
However, one question lingered— 
Since Elisa chose to come here, how could she not have anticipated this? 
Undeterred, Elisa showed no fear as she took out her phone and played a video she had copied from Winslow. 
Despite the absence of sound in the video, Nicole and Elisa stood close together, able to see the images on the phone's screen with absolute clarity. 
###chapter1445
Chapter 1445 Going All Out
Nicole discreetly disguised herself as Elisa, using a meticulously crafted mask, sneaking into and out of the private room, and then hastily dashed out, completely naked. 
The sight of the footage left Nicole in a state of utter shock! Linda had assured her that the video had already been resolved, so why did Elisa still have it? 
The mockery on Elisa's face was palpable, far more evident than Nicole's shock. With a smile, she taunted, "Nicole, are you really going to keep surrounding yourself with your minions?" 
"Step back!" 
Reluctantly, Nicole had no choice but to compromise for now. 
At that moment, Gareth walked in from outside, his expression ice-cold. 
He walked straight to Elisa's side without even sparing a glance at Nicole. 
Nicole clenched her teeth; in Gareth's eyes, there was only Elisa! 
But she couldn't afford to dwell on that now! She desperately wanted to snatch Elisa's phone yet feared losing her dignity and pride in front of Gareth. 
However, Nicole couldn't bring herself to do it, nor did she dare to try! 
Elisa saw through her thoughts. She smirked and casually pocketed her phone. Her face had no triumphant expression, but she knew victory was within her grasp! 
"Nicole, you're tarnishing my reputation by impersonating me, yet you refuse to admit it. With the evidence clearly against you, you have only one option. Make a public apology statement and expose the people supporting you, or else I will release this video online. I'm sure you wouldn't want the esteemed Tabor family's daughter to become a laughingstock for internet trolls, portraying her as the lead actress in an adult film. And, of course, you wouldn't want the Tabor family's reputation ruined because of your actions, right?" 
A cold sneer appeared at the corner of her mouth as Elisa spoke these words. But Nicole couldn't shake the feeling that Elisa was intentionally provoking, mocking, and reveling in the situation. 
But! 
What Elisa said struck Nicole's vulnerability! She clenched her fist tightly, torn between not wanting to compromise and fearing the destruction of her reputation. Just as she struggled with these two choices, Gareth gave her an indifferent glance. 
At that moment, a glimmer of hope flickered in Nicole's heart. She believed that Gareth would surely intervene, considering the Tabor family's image, and provide her with an escape route. 
Little did Nicole expect... 
Gareth's cold voice pierced the air, "The video will be exposed, and the mastermind behind it will eventually be revealed. There's no point in wasting time on her. She brought this upon herself!" 
His words hit Nicole like a bolt of lightning, ruthless and painful. 
It stunned her to realize that Gareth had no intention of defending her. That cold glance he had given her earlier was nothing but disdain. And now he was siding with Elisa! 
Why? How could he do this to me? How could he?! 
Regardless of the diplomatic ties between the Tabor and Wickam families, she couldn't fathom how Gareth could utter such heartless and unprincipled words to her. 
Nicole was devastated that the man she loved chose to disregard her feelings and ignore her innocence. He even trampled upon her dignity as an unmarried woman! 
Shaking her head in disbelief, she murmured, "Gareth, I did all this because I love you. I've never done anything to harm you. How could you do this to someone who loves you so deeply?" 
At that moment, every ounce of Nicole's pride crumbled to dust. 
She locked her gaze on Gareth with misty eyes, confronting him with a mixture of sadness and defiance. 
But Gareth sneered in response, "If you dare plot against me, be prepared to face the consequences of your actions!" 
Nicole's eyelashes trembled, her body tense. 
Ah...! This is the true Gareth. Forever cold and heartless. 
With a defiant gaze and the realization that she had nothing left to lose, Nicole directed her attention toward Elisa. "Since you're so capable, able to retrieve the tampered surveillance footage, then I dare you to release it on the internet! Let's see who will come out on top of it!" 
###chapter1446
Chapter 1446 Do You Have a Peculiar Fondness for Being Rejected?
Although Nicole's reputation was in ruins, she had no intention of exposing the person who had been aiding her in the dark. 
Elisa arched an eyebrow. 
Who was this mysterious individual supporting Nicole, and what was their background? It was remarkable that Nicole could display such fearlessness! 
At that moment, a man stepped forward unexpectedly. 
All eyes turned toward him. 
Elisa furrowed her brows even deeper. She recognized him. He was the man who had accompanied Nicole at the banquet. 
He positioned himself before Nicole, shielding her, and locked eyes with Gareth, radiating disdain. "Nicole is mine. I won't allow you to bully her like this." 
Nicole was taken aback but made no effort to push Aaron away. 
In that instant, she felt utterly powerless. 
If Aaron could lend her assistance, why not make use of it? 
Elisa scrutinized the man, assessing him with a discerning gaze. 
Aaron had only appeared by Nicole's side on two occasions. He wouldn't have exposed himself so directly if he was the mastermind behind her. 
However, his audacious words suggested that he possessed the necessary capability. 
Without hesitation, Gareth's voice cut through the air, cold and razor-sharp. "Since you show no fear of death, we shall gladly oblige." 
Nicole's expression underwent a dramatic change. "What are you planning to do?" 
Her concern was not for Aaron's life but rather the dreadful actions Gareth might take. 
Gareth had always been resourceful and audacious, while she... 
Before she could dwell on it further, Thomas and his men stormed into the room! 
Elisa furrowed, hesitating momentarily, considering Gareth's penchant for restraint and that they were in unfamiliar territory. She neither made a move nor spoke. 
On the other hand, Aaron turned his gaze towards Nicole, a gentle smile playing at the corners of his lips, "Don't be afraid." 
Nicole couldn't believe her ears. Seriously?! Amid this dire situation, Aaron's attempt at comforting her was to ask her not to be afraid? She should've known he was a dodgy and unreliable man! 
Amidst Nicole's struggles and screams, Thomas and his men, disregarding all dignity, forcefully apprehended her and Aaron. 
Soon, only Gareth and Elisa remained in the room. 
Gareth extended his hand toward Elisa. 
Elisa immediately furrowed her brow. "What for?" 
"Give me your phone," Gareth's intent was clear. 
Elisa refused and responded, "What benefit is there for you in exposing Nicole? Right now, you need to find out who is behind her. If you expose everything outright, you won't..." 
"Didn't she plot against me? She deserved this punishment." 
Gareth coldly interrupted Elisa before she could finish her sentence. 
He never showed mercy, especially to those who schemed against him. To Gareth, anyone who dared to plot against him should bear the consequences of their actions. 
"Very well then, as you say, Nicole is plotting against you." Elisa refrained from saying anything further. After all, she already possessed the footage and had no fear of its exposure, even if it could damage her reputation. 
Without waiting for Gareth to respond, she exited the private room. 
As soon as she left, Eden called her. 
Eden's voice came through the phone, filled with concern. "Hey, did you just have a heated argument? Are you feeling down? If you need someone to talk to, I'm here for you. We can grab a drink downstairs and sort things out. There's nothing important happening right now. What do you say?" 
Elisa sighed, slightly annoyed by Eden's relentless questioning. She couldn't believe Eden was monitoring her again! 
With a touch of frost in her voice, she replied, "I've realized that even if I block your number, you'll still manage to find a way to contact me. Do you have a peculiar fondness for being rejected?" 
###chapter1447
Chapter 1447 Elisa Would Have Met Her End Long Ago If It Wasn't for You!
Elisa wasn't a passive character but a person with her own thoughts, emotions, and temperaments! 
Eden chuckled and replied, "It's not that I enjoy it. Different people have different reactions to rejection, but when it comes from you, I don't mind at all. Would you like to come and find me now? I have the answers you're seeking!" 
As he spoke, Eden deliberately elongated his words, adding a touch of playfulness to his tone. 
Those words landed heavily on Elisa's heart, stirring a mix of curiosity and intrigue within her. 
Eden had the answers she desired, and he had previously hinted that the person who wanted her dead was a woman. Could it be the same woman who wore a mask in Eden's presence? 
The thought intrigued Elisa, sparking her interest in delving deeper into the matter. 
A smile curved her lips as she responded, "Since you're extending such a sincere invitation, it would be unreasonable for me not to accept." 
Eden had crossed paths with her multiple times, and he knew Elisa's intelligence. At this moment, she must have discerned something significant; otherwise, she wouldn't have so quickly changed her attitude. 
However, why would he fear her delving further if he willingly revealed information? Perhaps, instead of merely cooperating with the enchanting Elisa, he desired to witness her ascend to a higher position, radiating brilliance and captivating everyone's attention. 
In that future, she would undoubtedly shine even more brightly and become the center of attention. 
Noticing Eden's distraction and the sudden silence, Elisa narrowed her eyes and deliberately challenged him, "What's wrong? Are you having second thoughts?" 
Eden quickly snapped out of his reverie and smirked, saying, "Oh, no, no. Second thoughts don't cross my mind. I'm on my way to pick you up now. Darling, wait for me." 
He puckered his lips and made a kissing sound to Elisa. 
Elisa furrowed her brows, feeling disgusted and nauseated by his overt enthusiasm. 
Irene, standing next to Eden, felt her fury intensify. However, she knew that it was not the appropriate time to continue arguing with him. 
She had no authority over Eden's decisions. 
Moreover, the way Eden headed towards the exit didn't suggest that he was merely speaking without intention. 
In a split second, Irene charged forward, blocking his path with growing anger. "If you don't want to cooperate with me, just say it. There's no need to betray and snitch me out early on!" 
Irene had assumed that Eden was playfully teasing and joking, but she hadn't expected him to mean it! 
Realizing this, Elisa couldn't contain her anger any longer. 
Eden smiled and retorted, "Did I mention you? Are you lacking that much confidence in yourself?" 
The mocking expression on his face intensified as he said. 
To Irene, it wasn't a matter of confidence or the lack thereof. 
Elisa's quest to reclaim her royal identity would begin once she uncovered her real identity. If those ministers hadn't stirred up the nation and wrongfully stripped her of what was rightfully hers, Elisa would have ascended to the throne ages ago! 
Irene shot Eden a hostile and determined glare, striding towards him with the distinct echo of her high heels on the floor, "There's absolutely no way I'll let you leave and meet her. Even if we both end up dead and battered, with no benefit to gain, I want Elisa to burn right alongside us!" 
Irene Yves was the kind of person who would rather see the world go up in smoke than witness others finding success. 
Eden thought Irene was absurd and chuckled, "You're just a peasant's daughter, yet you harbor such lofty dreams of ruling a nation?! Even if we die, how can you be so certain they won't find out about Elisa?" 
"That's something to worry about after we're gone. If you don't want to help me, that's fine. But you can't sabotage my plans! Elisa would have met her end long ago if it wasn't for you!" 
###chapter1448
Chapter 1448 Her Compromise
Irene became more irritated as she spoke. She even started attacking Eden, but Eden wasn't a pushover. He took a step back to avoid her attack. However, Irene kept pressing forward, and the two of them engaged in a fight. 
… 
On the other hand, Elisa didn't hope that Eden would fulfill his promise and come to pick her up. So, she didn't wait for Eden but went directly to his private room. 
Little did she expect to see Eden and Irene fighting when she opened the door. She was surprised and shocked, but she soon regained her composure and reckoned that the two partners must have had conflicts of interest to divide among themselves at this crucial period. 
Eliza was sure Eden's actions implied that the answer she sought was inside this room. He even offered to escort her here. So, Elisa figured out that the person who wanted to kill her was the masked woman. 
She lost her cool and threw three darts at Irene. Eden and Irene were sharp and instantly stopped fighting when they sensed the darts flying toward them. 
Eden wore a half-smile when he saw Elisa, while Irene's eyes were filled with burning rage. She had the urge to tear Elisa into pieces! 
Such a reaction further confirmed Elisa's suspicion. 
"Why are you coming after me? There's no enmity between us." Elisa walked up to Irene and directly
asked her. Her gaze remained fixed on Irene, not to miss any of her expressions. 
She always trusted her intuition. Previously, she was sure that the woman who ran out of the private room was Nicole, and her hunch was true. 
So, this time, Elisa believed that her instinct must be right. 
Eden was pleased with Elisa's reaction–she was as sharp-witted as he expected. 
He merely gave her a hint, and she figured it out instantly. If she ascended the throne, she'd shine even brighter! 
Eden became intrigued at that thought. 
Seeing Eden's expression, Irene was driven up the wall. She couldn't believe her eyes. Damn it! How could he look forward to Elisa ascending the throne?! I haven't acted on my plan yet, so how did Elisa notice something off? 
Irene denied it. "I don't understand what you mean, Miss. I don't think we've met before." 
Playing dumb, huh? 
Elisa snorted, "Don't pretend to be ignorant. Weren't you with Eden at KKCD Casino? To be exact, this is the second time we met, and I wonder how many times you lurked around me that I'm unaware of." 
"Maybe we met before, but I have no impression at all. I have no motive to come after you. So, you don't have to question me." Irene continued denying it. 
Elisa didn't answer but looked toward Eden and smiled. Eden became interested when he perceived Elisa's compromise. 
However, they didn't expect Gareth to barge into the room at that moment. He strode up to Elisa and interrupted the tense atmosphere. 
###chapter1449
Chapter 1449 Can You Stop Misleading Others
Everyone was dumbfounded as they watched Gareth domineeringly pull Elisa into his arms. He frowned with a hint of reproach. "You disappeared in the blink of an eye. The casino is too huge for me to find you, Elisa." 
Elisa was confused. She furrowed her brows in disdain, knowing that Gareth would never say something this cheesy, given his pride and ego. What on earth is he trying to do? 
Nonetheless, she didn't want to embarrass or argue with him in the presence of the others. 
"But you still found me," Elisa uttered and subtly attempted to pull away from him. 
Gareth noticed her movement but didn't release her. 
Elisa didn't want others to notice she was struggling. 
Eden's face darkened. Before he could say something, Irene approached him and said, "Eden, don't forget our motive today. Aren't we here to talk business with the boss?" 
Her question was aimed at obtaining Eden's acknowledgment. 
Elisa watched the scene unfold like a show. She had decided that she wouldn't believe a single word they said. 
A mysterious smile crept over Eden's face as he hummed nonchalantly, "Not necessarily." 
His answer denied Irene's statement and was also implying their cooperation status. 
Compared to the cooperation with Irene, Eden now yearned to possess Elisa and make her submit to him. However, this was merely his imagination. 
Ignoring Eden and Irene, Gareth placed his hand on Elisa's waist and said, "You must be hungry. Let's go and get some food. We should go home after the event ends." 
In fact, Gareth had asked Thomas to arrange the flight back because staying here longer would only bring danger. Besides, he had ordered Thomas to find the answers Elisa was searching for. It was just a matter of time before the truth was revealed. 
Elisa could understand Gareth's kindness but hated his arrangement. They were no longer related, so Gareth shouldn't interfere with her matters. 
Eden feigned a dejected look and sighed. "Ms. Benett, I haven't gotten a chance to have a meal with you, and you're leaving soon. Are you really not considering me over your ex-husband?" 
If the five people didn't suddenly appear at the beach, Elisa would have given in to Eden. 
But now, they were in the casino, and the owner desired to protect Elisa. Eden knew it was impossible to detain her forcefully–it wasn't a wise move and might even land him in trouble! 
Gareth was displeased to hear the word 'ex-husband'. He glared coldly at Eden and rebuked, "Who told you we're ex-husband and wife?" 
Eden questioned Gareth indifferently, "You're already divorced, so aren't you all ex-husband and wife? Elisa, don't tell me you're going to remarry him." Eden wore a shocked look while Elisa was rendered
speechless. 
Annoyed by their conversation, Elisa rolled her eyes at the two men and retorted, "Who said I'm remarrying him? Can you stop talking nonsense? And you, can you stop misleading others?" 
###chapter1450
Chapter 1450 Shoot Gareth in the Head
Irene was exasperated as she watched the three argue. She was totally ignored, as if she was invisible! Even though the citizens didn't support her as the princess, her ego couldn't allow her to be ignored by the three people. 
She scowled impatiently, "Can you three stop arguing and get out of here? I booked this room to rest and watch the event." Irene's intention to chase them away was obvious. At the same time, her rebuke reminded Elisa of her presence. 
Elisa narrowed her eyes. "Since you couldn't understand what I said just now, fine, can you remove your mask or tell me your name?" 
She knew Irene wouldn't reveal her name or remove the mask, but she asked to observe Irene's reaction. 
To her surprise, Irene readily removed the mask. Eden was shocked when he saw another face under the mask! 
Elisa carefully examined the unfamiliar face and could confirm that she had no impression of it. However, she decided to go to the casino owner later to take pictures of this woman from the surveillance footage and investigate her! 
"Ms. Benett, this was how Eden addressed you just now. Look at me closely and think carefully. Have we ever met before?" Irene smirked coldly. It turned out that she came prepared. 
On the other hand, Eden didn't expose her either because Gareth was present. If Eden dared to
expose her, the private room would become a battlefield the next second, as she wouldn't spare anyone in the room. 
Elisa shook her head with a smile and apologized, "No. We've not met before. I'm sorry. I've been too sensitive recently." 
"I don't think you're sensitive, but you're just having a delusional disorder!" Irene grabbed the chance to attack Elisa ruthlessly. 
Gareth frowned and darted a fierce glare at Irene. Although he didn't say a word, his glare sent a chill down Irene's spine. Irene quickly averted her gaze and clammed up. At the same time, ferocity flashed across her eyes. No one ever dared to glare at me like that. He must be tired of living! 
Eden was not keen to see Irene flare up in that situation. He stepped forward and grinned at Elisa. "Since you're returning home soon, go ahead and get busy. I have some matters to attend to, and I'll visit you in your country once I'm done with my affairs. Make sure to answer my calls!" 
"She won't answer your call or meet up with you." Before Elisa could say anything, Gareth replied to Eden on behalf of her. 
He was cold and forceful. 
Eden thought Gareth was ridiculous and continued from Elisa's previous statement. "Ms. Benett asked you not to mislead me. I'm asking for her opinion, not yours." He looked down on Gareth. If they weren't in KKCD Casino, he would have pulled out his gun and shot Gareth in the head. 
###chapter1451
Chapter 1451 We Don't Mean to Stir Up Trouble
Gareth didn't say anything, but Elisa could sense his hostility. The next second, Gareth let go of her. 
Elisa knew Gareth wouldn't allow anyone to provoke him, so she wouldn't be surprised if he seized Eden like how he took Mr. Carrerra down. Nonetheless, Eden was different from Mr. Carrerra. 
When Gareth stepped forward, Eden's subordinates were ready to protect Eden. Elisa even witnessed him pulling out a gun. On the other hand, Irene, too, pulled out a gun. 
"Are you guys planning to cause bloodshed here?" Before the war could begin, Mr. North walked in with his men and deterred them from causing a scene. 
"Ms. Benett, our boss has an urgent matter to discuss with you." Mr. North paid no attention to Eden, Irene, and even Gareth but was respectful toward Elisa. 
Everyone was bewildered at the scene. Before they could figure out what was going on, Elisa, who didn't intend to argue further with the others, nodded and said, "Okay, I'll come with you now." 
As soon as she took a step, she realized Gareth was still seizing her hand. She instinctively looked at Gareth and didn't say a word, but her meaning was obvious. 
Gareth looked calm and had no intention of releasing her. "I'll go with you." He uttered nonchalantly. 
This was the second time the casino owner summoned Elisa, which made Gareth suspicious. 
However, Mr. North blocked Gareth and said sternly, "Our boss only wants to meet Ms. Benett." 
Gareth narrowed his eyes. "The person your boss wants to meet is my woman. I…" 
"Mr. Wickam, you better understand that you're now at KKCD Casino. Outsiders don't have a say here!" Mr. North interrupted Gareth and sneered. 
Elisa immediately gave Gareth a look. They needed a favor from the boss, so she didn't want Gareth to provoke the boss at this time. After all, the boss was watching everything through the security cameras. 
She pressed her lips and said to Gareth, "Go back to the room and wait for me. I won't take long." 
With that, Elisa exerted force to pull her hand out. 
Gareth was reluctant but finally released her after perceiving her profound gaze. 
He understood that Elisa didn't want him to start a dispute in the casino. But Eden… 
"Did you guys pull out your guns just now to stir up trouble in the casino?" Gareth deliberately mentioned the topic again. 
Mr. North signaled for his subordinates to escort Elisa away. Then, he glared coldly at Eden and Irene, "Didn't you know the rules of the casino when you came?" 
There was a change in Eden's expression. A few of Mr. North's men took Elisa to meet the owner, but Eden could recognize the weapons possessed by the remaining men–all of which were the latest products from the black market! 
The casino owner must be mighty because ordinary people couldn't possibly obtain those weapons.
Eden was a discerning person. He smiled apologetically and said, "We definitely don't mean to stir up trouble." 
###chapter1452
Chapter 1452 Implication
"You saw Mr. Wickam's behavior just now. He's arrogant and doesn't care about anyone else. My companion and I were infuriated by him. I'm so sorry. We really don't mean it. We can drop our guns right now." Eden quickly gave Irene a look. 
It was wiser not to cause a scene in the casino. He merely wanted to intimidate Gareth but had no intention of firing. 
However, before they could drop the guns, Mr. North hit their guns away, which was a direct provocation. 
Unfortunately, all of them were under the control of the casino staff. 
Eden noticed the coldness in Gareth's eyes as the latter anticipated a good show. 
Mr. North didn't bother with their interaction and sternly blurted, "The casino doesn't welcome troublemakers. You have ten minutes to get out of here!" 
Irene's expression soured. After all, she was a princess, yet she was scowled at by ordinary staff and was treated with contempt, which was totally unacceptable! 
"You should know that all guests here are not commoners, but your attitude…" 
Mr. North interrupted Irene bluntly, "I don't care who you are; all guests should follow our rules here." 
Irene's face darkened even more. She had never been humiliated like this before. The next second, she launched an attack on Mr. North. 
Mr. North's eyes were filled with ferocity. He swiftly dodged the attack and engaged in a fight with Irene. In less than two minutes, Irene was taken down by Mr. North's subordinates. 
"Throw them out of here! Pass my message–no one in Moranta is allowed to help them. Let's see how they're gonna leave Moranta penniless!" 
Irene was stupefied. "How dare you!" 
I'm a princess. How could they lay a hand on me?! 
Eden's smile faded too. He was confused if Mr. North was merely threatening them. 
Before they could react, Mr. North's subordinates approached them. 
Eden uttered sullenly, "Mr. North, I made myself very clear just now. It was just a minor conflict, and we didn't intend to stir up trouble. Do you have to be this ruthless? Does your boss know what you're doing?" 
Mr. North was amused by Eden's remark. "I've come all the way to where I am today. Do you think I'm a senseless person who doesn't know my stuff?" 
Gareth looked calm and didn't show much response, while Eden and Irene were clearly irritated. 
They didn't expect Mr. North to treat them like this. If his action was measured, it implied that the casino owner must be extremely powerful. Otherwise, his subordinate wouldn't dare to be this haughty. 
Is the boss punishing us because we messed with Elisa? How on earth did Elisa establish a connection with the boss?! 
Irene's expression turned ghastly. She was so jealous of Elisa's identity and connection that she had forgotten her current situation.
###chapter1453
Chapter 1453 Countless People and Matters
On the other hand, Eden's face became overshadowed with displeasure, but his thoughts were deeper than Irene's. 
Just as they were lost in their thoughts, Mr. North's men surrounded them. 
"What are you guys doing?!" Despite her usual poised demeanor as a princess, Irene could no longer contain her outrage when the men started frisking her unscrupulously. 
Irene snarled, "You bastards! Do you know what the heck you're doing?! Do you know who I am?!" 
Mr. North's eyes were filled with disdain. "I don't care who you are. Don't think of leaving since you disregard our rules." 
Mr. North would only act according to his boss' instructions and wouldn't bother about anything else. 
Eden stood motionless at the spot, but some men were approaching him. 
Eden immediately spoke up. "I'm here today to attend the event and have no intention of causing trouble. Being involved in a conflict like this is unnecessary, as it is shameful for all parties. What do you think, Mr. North?" 
Eden's calm and humble tone implied his respect for Mr. North. 
However, Mr. North wore a half-smile and said, "I'm sorry, but there are rules to be followed here. Since you crossed the line, I have to do my part." 
With that, he raised his hand. Perceiving the signal, his subordinates unhesitatingly seized Irene and Eden. 
"Confiscate all their belongings and money!" 
"Yes, sir!" 
"Feed them this." Mr. North took out a small bottle and passed it to his subordinates. 
Eden and Irene's faces turned ghastly. 
Irene bawled, "This is too much!" 
Eden glared at them with a grim visage and remained silent. 
Gareth's eyes flickered. No one knew the effect of this drug. However, given how Mr. North dared to offend a prominent figure like Eden, he reckoned the identity of the casino owner must be exceptional. So what's the motive for him approaching Elisa? 
Mr. North sniggered, "Don't worry. The drug won't kill you." 
Soon, his subordinates forcefully fed Irene and Eden the drug. 
Moments later, both of them became weak and were dumbfounded when they were thrown out. 
They were left with no means of transportation and staggered along the street like delirious elderly people. 
Mr. North glanced at Gareth with a smirk and said, "Mr. Wickam, our boss is determined to protect Ms. Benett. We're letting you off for the sake of Ms. Benett. Otherwise, your consequences…" 
He didn't finish his sentence because any wise man would have perceived his meaning. 
Gareth remained an aloof look and didn't answer. Who on earth is the casino owner? He even dares to take down the crown prince of Estoccia. Even Mr. North treated Eden with contempt just now. He even has the power to forbid them from using any means of transportation in Moranta. Could the boss be a royal family member of Moranta? But how could a royal family member possibly own a casino and conceal his real identity? 
Mr. North had followed the casino owner for years and helped him manage the business. So, he had dealt with countless people and matters.
###chapter1454
Chapter 1454 The Person Who Wants to Kill You Is Irene Yves
He immediately sensed what Gareth was thinking. Just as he reached out his hand to grasp Gareth's shoulder, Gareth swiftly avoided him and shot a fierce glare at him. 
Anyone who wanted to lay a hand on Gareth had overestimated themselves. 
Mr. North smiled faintly. "Good luck, Mr. Wickam." 
Then, he signaled for his men to retreat, leaving Gareth in the room with a cold frown. 
Meanwhile, Elisa witnessed Eden and Irene's miserable state through a phone–someone deliberately filmed it. As they walked down the street, no one escorted them, and no cars stopped to offer a ride. 
Although Irene's identity was unknown, the casino owner knew Eden was a crown prince. Despite that, he showed no mercy to Eden, which aroused Elisa's suspicion. 
"Sir, although they're at fault for picking up a fight in the casino, they instantly apologized. Why do you have to drive them to the corner?" Elisa asked curiously. 
The man chuckled. "It's not only because they ignored the casino rules, but I'm also teaching them a lesson on behalf of their foster parents. Isn't that acceptable?" 
Foster parents? Elisa was flabbergasted when she heard the phrase. She only discovered Eden's identity as Estoccia's crown prince but had never thought he was fostered. 
What about the woman, then? Is she a royal family member, like Eden, too? 
"You…" Elisa was at a loss for words. 
Given the man's attitude and tone, Elisa reckoned he had a rather close relationship with Eden and Irene's foster parents. 
The man saw through Elisa's perplexity and spoke indifferently. "You don't have to know my real identity. You just have to know that from now on, and I'll be your… support." 
The man hesitated toward the end of the sentence, while Elisa was even more confused at the word 'support'. 
"Sir, why did you say that? And what's the motive of you doing all this?" 
Elisa knew there must be a reason behind it. 
The man didn't answer immediately because Elisa wasn't aware of her real identity and the story behind her mother's leaving back then. Besides, he needed more time to investigate before he could tell her the truth. 
However, Elisa had already become suspicious. She was sharp-witted, so the man knew he couldn't dismiss her doubts by giving her perfunctory answers. 
"I can't tell you yet because I'm still in the midst of investigating something. The only thing I can do now is to protect you. Stay away from Eden and the woman named Irene Yves. The person who wanted to kill you last time was none other than her!" 
Elisa was stunned as she didn't expect the man to tell her this. 
The man stood with his hands at his back and could only tell Elisa this much. 
Nonetheless, this was sufficient for Elisa because she could further investigate based on the man's response and Irene's identity. 
The man knew Elisa had a plan when he saw her solemn expression. Her character is indeed like her mother's and the Yves', the royal family. 
The man walked up to Elisa and said, "I know I'm being a little impatient. You're intelligent and can surely deduce many things based on what I said. I…" 
###chapter1455
Chapter 1455 Grievances
He paused before continuing, "I know you can investigate it yourself, but I don't want you to take risks. I can help you settle these matters. Just relax and have a good time here these few days. I'll make the necessary arrangement to send Gareth back. From now on, don't bother with the Wickams' family affairs. He doesn't deserve your kindness!" The man uttered genuinely. 
Elisa sized up the man and was puzzled by his remarks. If he weren't related to her in some way or another, he must have other motives. 
She hesitated briefly before saying, "You mentioned it's because I resemble one of your family members. Can you tell me who this family member is? I'm not convinced you're doing all these just because of my resemblance with that person." 
"Knowing the person won't do you any good." The man answered coldly. 
Both a crown prince and a princess were coming after Elisa. Obviously, Elisa had threatened their position. Besides, there were other people who wanted to kill Elisa. So, the man decided that he should hide the truth from her. 
However, the moment he discovered Elisa was related to him, he couldn't control himself anymore. 
Elisa's expression turned solemn. "If you do think so, you shouldn't reveal any information to me in the first place. You piqued my curiosity and refused to tell me. Can you remain calm if you were in my shoes?" 
All these people that appeared one after another might be related to her mother. She had invested a lot of resources and manpower to find her mother's whereabouts but to no avail. 
Nonetheless, Elisa thought the man in front of her could be the breakthrough! 
After a moment of silence, she asked straightforwardly, "What's your relationship with my mother? Are you her sibling?" 
Judging from the man's age and comparing it to her impression of her mother, they didn't seem like a couple. The man seemed older than her mother, so Elisa thought he could be her mother's elder brother. 
The man was impressed by Elisa's quick mind. Seeing that she had already guessed it, the man didn't deny it. "Yeah. She's my younger sister. By right, you should call me uncle." 
Elisa was startled when she heard the strange address. 
The man established the greatest casino in Moranta, proving his capabilities. He couldn't have achieved all that just by his appearance. 
Just then, Elisa recalled the tea she had drank at his place recently. She didn't expect the man to act so swiftly. 
However, Elisa didn't have much affection for her mother because her mother abandoned her and her father when she was young and eloped with another man. 
Her mother had never visited or called her in the past twenty years. 
She was searching for her mother all this while but also harbored grievances toward her. 
As for her mother's family members, Elisa had no attachment to them all the more. 
"Even though you're her elder brother, it doesn't change the fact that she abandoned me long ago. You should be looking for her. Please don't meddle with my affairs." Elisa replied coldly. Moreover, she couldn't be sure what the man claimed was true. 
The man had sent Mr. North to investigate Elisa but had not dug into her life in Zovain. 
###chapter1456
Chapter 1456 I Was Too Rushed
The man's lips tightened as he saw Elisa's reaction. "Have you considered that your mother was in a difficult situation?" 
Elisa was no longer a child. She understood exactly what he was implying. 
Regardless of the circumstances, how could she not have even sent a text message in the past twenty years? 
Elisa scoffed, her face a mask of contempt. "I've thought about all the possibilities, but what could have made her abandon her daughter and not even bother sending a single text message all these years? You're her brother, and you haven't seen her in years. Do you really know her well enough to assume her intentions?" 
"I severed ties with that country years ago. Your mother… if she really wanted to abandon you, would she have given birth to you? Someone must have threatened her with you and your father's safety. I just couldn't understand why she would be with your father, who had an ordinary background." 
The Benett family owned a publicly traded company with a long history. 
However, the man dismissed him as "ordinary." 
Elisa's eyes narrowed in annoyance at his brazen attitude. 
In the end, her anger boiled over as she felt the need to defend her late father. 
"I understand that you have an extraordinary identity, but that does not give you the right to speak of
my father in such a way. He has always been a loyal man, and he never remarried after my mother left. He has dedicated his life to raising me, and I will not allow you to disrespect him." 
Her father was a man of deep affection. 
He had faced many challenges, but he had always put his daughter first. 
However, Elisa could not sympathize with her mother. 
Her mother had abandoned her and her father, and she had never bothered to contact them in all these years. 
She even had a scandal of eloping with another man. 
There's no smoke without fire. 
If her mother had not done anything shameful, why would anyone accuse her? 
The man was silent for a moment. 
The information she had gathered matched his own. 
No one had seen what had truly happened, so no one could judge her without evidence. 
All he could do now was protect Elisa while he tried to find out the truth. 
"Your father is no longer here to explain what happened in the past, and your mother is missing. Elisa, as your uncle, I must ensure your safety for now." 
Protecting his niece was the most basic responsibility an uncle should do. 
The man's eyes burned with determination. 
Elisa knew that he took his words very seriously. 
She knew that his promises were not empty, given the power he held. 
He had kept his promises, after all. 
If she didn't know that he was her uncle, she would have felt grateful to him. 
Now that she knew the truth, she was filled with conflicting emotions. 
She was supposed to feel glad to have her maternal uncle around to protect her, but instead, she felt a strange feeling in the pit of her stomach. 
Why couldn't the man understand how she was feeling? 
He should be able to understand what she was going through at that moment. 
Despite learning of his identity, she stayed, which was the most she was willing to compromise. 
"I'm sorry. I was too rushed." 
The man pursed his lips and apologized to Elisa. 
"You don't have to apologize to me," Elisa replied immediately. 
She didn't mean to be cold toward him; she truly believed that there was no need for him to apologize. 
Elisa could never have imagined that she had such an unexpected connection to this man. 
Her heartbeat thundered in her ears as she tried to come to terms with this new reality. 
She knew that he was genuinely concerned for her safety, as he had already revealed his identity to her. 
Furthermore, she was his niece, so she had to respect his orders. 
"Stay here. I will have my subordinate arrange for Gareth to fly home." 
The man said this with conviction. 
She wasn't reluctant to stay, but Gareth… 
###chapter1457
Chapter 1457 Not a Man to Be Easily Intimidated
She didn't believe that Gareth would agree to the arrangement. 
The man could see that she was worried. "It doesn't matter how skilled he is. He's no match for me!" 
His words were laced with exasperation and contempt when he spoke of Gareth. 
He never saw Gareth as a threat. 
It was a reflection of the casino boss' commanding and powerful stature. 
Elisa didn't respond. It's good if he managed to send Gareth back. 
She would stay behind to conduct a thorough investigation, as planned. 
No matter what the outcome was, she had to know the details of what had happened in the past. 
All she needed was the truth. 
The man's words had moved her, after all. 
What if she was really forced to leave? 
Therefore, Elisa decided to stay to clear her doubts about her mother. 
Mr. North was given a direct order to have a private jet ready for Gareth to fly back. 
Gareth's expression was one of pure contempt, even though Mr. North had treated him with the utmost courtesy. 
"Where is Elisa? What on Earth does your boss have up his sleeve?" 
Gareth's eyes were like two dark coals, smoldering with anger. 
Gareth approached Mr. North with a determined air. 
The air between them was thick with tension, like a storm about to break. 
Mr. North remained calm and collected, even in the face of Gareth's anger. 
As Gareth was about to loom over him menacingly, Mr. North stepped back to create some distance. 
"It was Ms. Benett's idea," he said, his voice devoid of emotion. 
"Why didn't Ms. Benett come to me directly if it was her idea?" 
He lifted the corner of his lip in a derisive smirk, his face a mask of icy rage. 
"Gareth," a voice called out 
Shortly after, he saw Elisa running towards him. 
"Ms. Benett." 
Mr. North, the first to discover Elisa's relationship with his boss, treated her with exceptional respect and courtesy. 
Elisa gave a brief nod, and Mr. North immediately made way for her. 
Gareth's expression turned grim as he witnessed the unusual exchange between Elisa and Mr. North. 
He felt incredulous at the sight of Mr. North's deference to Elisa. 
Elisa has only had three meetings with the casino's owner. 
What could the boss's motive be for treating Elisa with such respect? What kind of deal could he have made with her? 
"Elisa, what are you up to?" he demanded, his jaw clenched and his eyes flashing with anger. 
She wasn't the same Elisa he remembered. She was more assertive and independent now. 
However, the people they had met in this country were all a challenge to deal with, from the enigmatic Eden to the ruthless casino boss. 
He had told her that she was playing with fire, but she had refused to heed his warnings. She was willing to risk everything. 
She's lost her mind!
Everything finally clicked into place for Elisa when she heard what he said. 
She knew why he was angry with her. 
She was amused by his anger but also baffled by his concern for her. 
"Gareth, don't you hate me?" 
If he truly despised her, why would he worry about her? 
Her staying here shouldn't have stirred up such a storm of emotions in him. 
Mr. North checked his watch and remembered his boss' orders. "The only reason you are being sent back home on a private jet is for Ms. Benett's sake," he said in a firm voice. 
"The casino is closing soon, and we don't allow people to stay here after hours," Mr. North said with finality, his voice cold and threatening. 
The subtext of his words was that they had two options: leave peacefully or be forced to leave. 
Mr. North's eyes were like two shards of ice, cutting through the air with their icy glare. 
Gareth stared straight ahead, refusing to give Mr. North the satisfaction of a reaction. 
His eyes flicked to Elisa, who knew him well enough to know he was not backing down. 
He was not a man to be easily intimidated. 
###chapter1458
Chapter 1458 Don't Blame Anyone Else
"Please escort the others out of the casino first," Elisa said, turning to face Mr. North. 
"Of course," Mr. North said, his tone respectful and deferential. 
Mr. North gave a curt nod, indicating that he understood her instructions. He then turned to his subordinates and signaled them to leave the room. 
Elisa's eyes were drawn to the washroom, where she saw Mr. Carrerra lying on the ground. He was unmoving, and his hands were tied behind his back. 
"You're quite the philanthropist, aren't you?" Gareth said, his tone mocking and condescending. 
Gareth's scornful remark was like a brick to her head, its impact knocking her senseless. 
Elisa was momentarily caught off guard by his remark, her mind reeling with confusion. 
She turned to him, rolling her eyes. "Gareth, what are you so angry about? You already got what you wanted." 
Now that he had the Ganoderma Caligo, he could use it to heal his grandmother. Although his grandmother had hoped they would get back together, she would never want him to be alone if she knew they weren't meant to be together. 
She would definitely start setting him up on dates as soon as he returned home. 
This meant that there would be no more opportunities for them to see each other in the future. 
Gareth fell silent under Elisa's icy stare. 
His words caught in his throat, unable to answer her questions. 
She was right. What was he so upset about? 
He had achieved his goal, and he could be on his way back to his home country if he accepted the casino boss' offer. 
He wasn't a coward. Why would he leave her to face danger alone? 
He finally figured out what had been troubling him. 
"I would be a coward if I left you here to face danger alone. You were the one who helped me get the Ganoderma Caligo, Elisa. I will not abandon you," he enunciated the last few words with conviction. 
He meant to say that he felt a sense of duty to protect her as her teammate. 
If only he could be honest with himself. 
Elisa chuckled. "I understand your concern, but you don't need to feel guilty about leaving me here. I chose to stay because I have something important to do." 
"You should take the casino boss' offer. It would be difficult for you to keep the Ganoderma Caligo safe with so many people after it," she advised him. 
She had said all she needed to say and was about to walk away. 
However, Gareth stepped in front of her, blocking her way. 
His dark, fathomless eyes bore into her. "What do you have to do here?" 
The Benett Corporation was now hers, Linda was gone, and her true identity was coming to light. 
Even Mr. Carrera's five subordinates were now under her control. 
He was baffled by what else she could possibly be doing here. 
Elisa felt no need to answer his questions or share her plans with him. 
They were now just two strangers who had once been married. 
"Gareth, please stay out of my business and focus on your own. I'm leaving now. If you stay here, don't blame anyone else if you lose the Ganoderma Caligo," she uttered, her voice cold and detached. 
After giving him a stern warning, she walked past him, not even glancing in his direction. 
Gareth didn't try to stop her. He knew that Mr. North and his men would intervene if he tried to block her path. 
Elisa was now under the protection of the casino boss and was well-respected by everyone in the casino. 
"You…" 
His mind was a whirlwind of thoughts, but he couldn't find the words to express them. 
The frustrations were suffocating him, like a heavy weight pressing down on his chest. He felt like he was going to burst. 
Thomas came back into the room. 
He watched Elisa leave, her steps brisk and determined. Gareth's lips were a thin line; his fist clenched. He came to understand the situation he was placed in. 
###chapter1459
Chapter 1459 The Manager of KKCD Casino Is Now Ms Benett's Bodyguard?
Thomas stepped forward and asked, "Ms. Benett, is everything all set? Why are you leaving so soon?" 
"Yes, I have something else I need to do. Please pack your things and take Mr. Wickam back to Zovain." 
Although she was angry with Gareth, Thomas had been nothing but kind to her. She didn't want to be rude to him, even though she was upset. 
Thomas scratched his head and said, "We came together, so it doesn't feel right to leave Ms. Benett alone. After all, you've been a great help to Mr. Wickam. Even though he's been poisoned, I'm sure Mr. Wickam would also be happy to help you. I can still be of some service." 
"Neither of you can help me with this," Elisa responded firmly. She knew what Thomas meant and why Gareth had offered to stay. 
After thinking it over, she realized she shouldn't hold a grudge against Gareth for what happened. 
However, she needed to investigate the information the casino boss had given to her—to discover the truth about what happened years ago. 
She could not live in a fog of denial, forever oblivious to the truth. 
"Other than matters of the heart, what else…" 
"Since when did I say it was about my relationship? What are you thinking, Gareth?" 
She interrupted Gareth before he could finish his sentence to stop him from further speculating. 
She gave him a sharp look, not wanting him to misunderstand her relationship with the casino boss. 
"Why don't you enlighten me as to why everyone in the casino seems to be at your beck and call? And how did you manage to become so close to the casino boss?" 
His questions came at her like a tidal wave, leaving her stunned and speechless. 
"So, according to your logic, if I'm close to another man, I must be involved in a romantic relationship with him? Don't you have any close female friends?" she asked, her slight body quivering in anger as her irritation rose. 
Her nostrils flared, and her fists were clenched so tightly that they left marks on her palms. 
Gareth was surprised by her sudden outburst of anger. 
Elisa was a devoted wife during the three years they were married. She tolerated his behavior with patience and understanding, always putting his needs before hers. 
But after they divorced, she seemed like a completely different person. 
She was acting like a stranger. 
"Are you the same Elisa I knew before?" 
Gareth's lips grew into a thin line, and the muscles along his jaws tensed visibly. He felt a heavy weight pressing down on his chest, making it difficult to breathe. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She was baffled, unsure how to respond to his ridiculous comment. 
Elisa glanced at him incredulously and replied, "Are you implying that I've exchanged my soul with someone else?" 
What a jerk! His words were becoming more and more absurd, like he's lost his grip on reality. 
There's no point arguing with him anymore. It's getting out of hand. 
Before Gareth could respond, Elisa turned to Thomas and asserted, "Mr. Wickam was poisoned. The poison could have spread to his brain. Please take good care of him." 
Thomas' eyes widened in shock. 
Only Elisa could say something like that so casually. 
If anyone else had said those words, they would be risking their lives. 
"Ms. Benett, please," he said, his eyes pleading when he caught up to her. "Mr. Wickam was poisoned, and he's not himself right now. He needs your help. If you don't care about him, he might get worse. He
could lash out…" 
Thomas shook his head as he imagined Gareth's unbridled rage. 
He didn't want to be caught in the crossfire. 
Therefore, he was determined to get Elisa to compromise. 
"He doesn't only have brain spasms; he also has Alzheimer's disease!" 
Elisa was done with him. She feared that if she kept dealing with him, she would eventually go insane. 
"But…" 
Thomas hastily followed behind her, but he was met with Mr. North's glare. His eyes were narrowed, and his lips were curled into a snarl. 
He knew that that was a warning sign not to encroach further. 
The manager of KKCD Casino was now Ms. Benett's bodyguard. 
Thomas was stunned as the realization hit him. 
###chapter1460
Chapter 1460 Continued to Taunt Him
"Ms. Benett, you're…" 
"What's wrong?" Elisa asked, turning to Thomas. Her eyes narrowed when she saw the disbelief in his eyes. 
He didn't respond to her question. 
"Thomas, please finish your sentence. I don't like being left in the dark." 
She was always annoyed when people didn't finish their sentences. 
Thomas wanted to speak to her privately, but Mr. North's sharp, watchful gaze was fixed on him. 
"Ms. Benett, is Mr. North now your subordinate?" 
Thomas had seen countless ruthless people in his years working with Gareth. 
Mr. North didn't scare him at all, especially with Elisa there. 
He had faith that Elisa wouldn't abandon him even if Mr. North wanted to hurt him. 
"No," Elisa replied without hesitation. 
"You should return to Gareth." 
She noticed that Thomas had been talking a lot more lately. 
Elisa was not interested in talking about Gareth with Thomas. 
However, Thomas shook his head and pleaded, "I can't go back. Ms. Benett, you're sending me to my death if you make me return now." 
"Fine, go meet your end then," Elisa replied sarcastically. 
They were talking about Gareth as if he were a monster. 
In reality, Gareth was not as cold-blooded as they described. 
It was all an exaggeration on Thomas' part. 
"Please! Ms. Benett, you can't just let me…" 
Die! 
Thomas' sentence was cut short as Mr. North grabbed him by the collar with a cruel grip. He lifted him up effortlessly, as if he were a baby chick, and threw him aside with a violent force. 
"As a man, do you not feel ashamed to sulk and whimper like a child? Have you no dignity left?" Mr. North scoffed, his lip curling in disgust. 
Thomas was left speechless by his mocking remark. 
He choked on his own spit, his face turning red as he struggled to breathe. 
Mr. North shoved Thomas aside before he could say another word, causing Thomas to stumble backward and land hard on the ground. 
Mr. North didn't even spare him a glance as he followed Elisa. 
Gareth, on the other hand, was being ridiculed by Mr. Carerra. 
"You used ten different types of poison, yet you still couldn't kill me. You had to rely on a casino and a woman to do your dirty work. What do you have left to offer?" 
Mr. Carerra's face twisted in disdain. 
His eyes narrowed to slits of contempt as he looked down at Gareth. 
Gareth's anger was at a boiling point, but Mr. Carerra's sneering comments only served to fuel his rage. 
He could barely contain himself as he trembled in fury. 
He marched towards Mr. Carerra and stepped on his neck, silencing his words. 
Gareth's eyes flashed with cold fury, and he glared down at his enemy with unblinking hatred. 
Shortly after, Gareth pulled Mr. Carerra up to his feet. 
The pain from having ten different types of poison coursing through his body was excruciating. 
Mr. Carerra was out of breath, his body weak and trembling. Dexter held him up by the hands, but Mr. Carerra's legs could barely support his weight. 
Gareth punched Mr. Carerra in the face, knocking him to the ground. 
Mr. Carerra's head hit the wall with a sickening thud. 
He had never been treated this way before. He felt humiliated and helpless being forcefully yielded to a hostile figure. 
His hands were tied behind his back, and he was at Gareth's mercy. 
If only he was… no, if Elisa hadn't been with Gareth, the casino wouldn't have helped him. 
Now, he's being tortured because of it! 
"Gareth, it looks like Elisa is now with the casino boss. How could you let such a capable woman slip away?" 
Despite blood dripping from his mouth, Mr. Carerra's lips were curled in a cruel smile. He continued to taunt Gareth, his words filled with spite.
###chapter1461
Chapter 1461 Turned On Him
His words cut through Gareth like knives, leaving him feeling wounded and humiliated. 
Gareth punched him again, and Mr. Carerra fell to the floor, dazed and bleeding. 
"What's the matter, Gareth?" Mr. Carerra asked, his lips curling into a sneer. "Are you angry because you no longer have a wife to advise you? It's petty to cherish something after they've left." 
Men understood each other better than anyone else. 
Mr. Carerra overheard their argument, and he knew precisely what Gareth was thinking. 
"Shut up!" Gareth yelled. 
Gareth grunted coldly, and Mr. Carerra could tell that Gareth was seething with burning fury. He wanted to kill Mr. Carerra more than ever. 
But Mr. Carerra wouldn't keep his mouth shut. 
Mr. Carerra laughed derisively, his eyes glinting with malice. He didn't care that Gareth's face was twisted with anger or that his body was trembling with rage. 
"Why should I shut up? Are you getting angry because I'm revealing your deepest secrets? Gareth, if I die, you'll never be able to leave Moranta. Even if you end up dead, your ashes will stay here." 
Mr. Carerra bore his teeth out, like a snake about to strike. 
"Really?" Gareth scoffed. His fist was cocked and ready to strike when he felt a cold, metal circle press against the back of his head. 
Gareth knew exactly what it was. 
If the person behind him pulled the trigger, his head would explode, and he would be dead on the spot. 
"Let go of him and pass me the antidote, or I'll break every limb of your assistant. As for you, do you want a bullet through your brains?" 
The voice was cold and threatening, and it belonged to a woman. 
Gareth showed no hint of nervousness at her threat. 
"Why don't you try? We'll see if you can break every limb of my assistant and kill me before you save the person here," he scoffed. 
He wasn't afraid of the woman at all. 
He remained calm and collected despite knowing what weapon she had pointed at him. 
Gareth swiftly locked her wrist and made the weapon drop to the floor with a thud as he spoke. 
Mr. Carerra's jaw dropped in disbelief as he watched the man's actions unfold. Gareth's movements were so fast that the human eye couldn't fully capture them. 
He had an uncanny ability to escape from dangerous situations, seemingly unscathed. 
Anyone else would be paralyzed with fear, their knees knocking together and their hands shaking uncontrollably. It would be impossible to quickly disarm the gunman. 
When it came to making money, there were only ruthless competitors who would stop at nothing to get ahead. 
"Gareth, do you think you're dealing with a lone wolf here?" Mr. Carerra snarled, and a fiendish cackle erupted from his body. As soon as he said that, his subordinates dragged Thomas in on his knees, forcing him to kneel before them. The men stood in lines before Mr. Carerra, awaiting his orders. 
Unless Gareth was a cold-blooded monster that didn't care about Thomas, he wouldn't… 
He wouldn't leave him to die. He had to let Mr. Carerra go today! 
"I told you. Without Elisa, the casino wouldn't bother to help you. You're nothing against me. Even if you poisoned me ten times more, I'll still survive. Don't forget what I'm best at." 
Mr. Carerra's face contorted with madness, his smile a menacing leer. 
Gareth kept silent; his lips pressed into a thin line. He knew that Mr. Carerra was best at controlling others using poisons. 
He had used his poison to manipulate and control his subordinates for years, but now they had turned on him and were loyal to Elisa. 
###chapter1462
Chapter 1462 A Warning
He had only himself to blame for losing his subordinates. 
Gareth's eyes widened in realization as he saw the menacing glint in Mr. Carerra's dark eyes. 
What Elisa gave him was both an antidote and a poison! 
"Now that Elisa is with the KKCD Casino's boss, I'm sure she doesn't care whether you're dead or alive. You should hurry up and get your Ganoderma Caligo back to save your grandmother," Mr. Carerra scoffed at him. Within a split second, his subordinates stepped between him and Gareth, blocking Gareth's path before he could hurt him. 
Mr. Carerra was soon free from the ropes. 
His body was so weak that he could barely stand, but his predatory eyes bore into him with a wicked glint. 
Gareth didn't say a word as he was rooted to his spot. 
He was reminded of what had happened to Irene and Eden. 
If he started a commotion in the casino, he would be forced out of the casino. However, he didn't want to leave the casino. If he left, Elisa would never spare another glance at him. 
Elisa believed that she had already done everything she could for Gareth. They were already separated, so there was no reason for them to get entangled in each other's affairs anymore. 
But why? Why did he feel a bitter pang of pain coil around his heart when he heard what Mr. Carerra said? 
After all, they were no longer related.
Gareth mulled over his thoughts, his heart pounding in his chest. He knew that he couldn't bear to see Elisa getting hurt. He had to do something to protect her. 
As Gareth ruminated through his conflicting thoughts, a glimmer of a pathway appeared before his mind. 
After a moment, he took out his phone and dialed Elisa's number. He had something urgent to discuss with her, but his call was rejected immediately. 
Mr. Carerra sneered at Gareth as he witnessed what had happened. "A woman would never return to your side after they've found someone new. After all, the boss of this casino is richer, more powerful, and more capable than you." 
Mr. Carerra's eyes were fixated on Gareth as he spat these words out through his teeth. 
He watched Gareth's face with amusement as Garreth's anger twisted it into a mask of rage. It was like watching a thunderstorm brewing, with dark clouds gathering and lightning flashing. 
He wanted to see him drop dead from his rage! 
After pondering over it, he thought he should keep Gareth alive instead. 
He took more pleasure in seeing his enemy suffer while they were still alive. 
Letting him die, especially in a fit of rage, would be too easy. 
However, as he was imagining Gareth's grim face, a deadly glare pierced through his thoughts. 
Mr. Carerra felt a strange surge of cold air as if Gareth's glare had frozen him to the bone. 
He slowly lifted his eyes and met Gareth's gaze, which blazed murderously back at him.
Their eyes locked, and the air crackled with tension. 
Elisa and the casino boss watched intently in the control room as the events unfolded on the security cameras. 
Elisa was determined to stay out of it this time. 
She had already done everything she could for him. Mr. Carerra had captured Thomas, and she knew that Gareth would not leave him behind. 
As she expected, Gareth tried to save Thomas. 
"Let go of Thomas. You can do whatever you want to me when we're out of the casino." 
He didn't understand what the casino boss had planned or why he would protect Elisa. 
He also didn't understand why Elisa wanted to stay, but he wouldn't cause trouble in the casino—it would only put her in danger. 
"What? I thought you weren't afraid of anything?" 
Mr. Carerra asked with a wry smile. 
Mr. Carerra wasn't afraid of anything but knew better than to cause trouble in the casino. After all, Eden and his partner's fate was a warning to anyone who dared to cross the casino boss. 
He didn't want to make things worse at this critical juncture.
###chapter1463
Chapter 1463 A Gift From Your Uncle for Our First Meeting
His only target was Gareth at this point in time. 
"Whether I am afraid or not is none of your business. If you are not willing to go outside, then we will have to settle this here." 
Gareth's voice was cool and composed. 
He had his reasons for suggesting a change of location. 
However, if Mr. Carerra was not interested in settling their feud peacefully, then they would have to sort it out here. 
"Who said I wanted to settle this here?" 
Mr. Carerra sneered and rolled his eyes at Gareth with contempt. 
Shortly after, he signaled his subordinates to release Thomas. 
He also ordered his subordinates to holster their weapons. 
Mr. Carerra left the room, flanked by his subordinates. 
Only Gareth and Thomas remained in the private room. 
Thomas was deep in thought, his eyes fixed on Gareth, who bore an air of calmness and stillness. He hesitated for a moment before deciding to speak up. 
"Mr. Wickam, let's leave first, as per Ms. Benett's wishes." 
Ms. Benett is an intelligent and quick-witted woman with her own plans. 
Furthermore, the people in KKCD Casino were under her command.
Ms. Benett would not face any danger in the meantime. 
Thomas was only trying to be helpful. After all, Elisa had something important to do on her own, so it would be pointless for Gareth to insist on staying. 
"Of course, I'll go." 
Thomes replied quickly, sheking his heed. 
Gareth was baffled by Thomas' suggestion. "After all these years, you've only learned to be cold- hearted?" 
Thomas was struck speechless; his inner frustrations had bubbled to the surface. 
How could he say such a thing? 
In order to clear up the misunderstanding, Thomas hastily explained, "Mr. Wickam, I didn't mean it that way. Since Ms. Benett has other plans here, you could take the Ganoderma Caligo to cure Grandma's disease while I stay behind to help Ms. Benett." 
As he was explaining, he was also trying to figure out a way to compromise between their wishes. 
Instead, it gave Gareth an idea. 
"I'll stay back, and you can send the Ganoderma Caligo back home." 
Gareth's voice softened as he said this. 
Thomas' brows shot up in surprise at his sudden announcement. 
He could never have imagined Gareth making such a decision.
However, his statement clearly indicated that he cared about Ms. Benett. After all, he wouldn't have offered to stay behind for her if he didn't. 
When Thomas remained silent, Gareth's brows furrowed in concern. "Why, you don't want to go?" he asked. 
"Of course, I'll go." 
Thomas replied quickly, shaking his head. 
How could he say no to Gareth? 
"Okay," Gareth said firmly. "Everything is set then. You can take the private jet back later." 
"Alright." 
Thomas nodded in agreement. 
Elisa was escorted to the highest floor of the casino by the casino boss. 
It was the same place where she and Gareth had met the casino boss the last time. She had never noticed it before, but there was a luxurious room here. 
"You can stay here for now," the casino boss said. "I have some business to attend to in the casino. Once I'm done, I'll take you somewhere else. Here's a black card. It has no spending limit." 
As he said that, the man took a black card from his wallet and handed it to Elisa. It didn't have a PIN or any other security features. 
Elisa declined the card. "Thank you for the offer, but I have money."
She refused the card, implying that she was capable of taking care of herself financially. 
She was no longer a child. 
The man insisted on giving her the black card, even though she didn't want it. 
"You can keep your own card, and I'll also give you mine. This is the first time we've met with our true identities. Think of it as a gift from your uncle for our first meeting.
###chapter1464
Chapter 1464 Relationship With This Woman Was Not Ordinary!
The man spoke sincerely, hoping that Elisa would accept his gift. He wanted the black card to be a meaningful gesture that would show her how much he cared. 
However, Elisa was adamant in her decision. She wasn't going to take the card, no matter how much the man explained. 
She reached out her hands, and he thought she was going to take the card from him. But instead, she pushed the card back toward him. 
"I appreciate your kind gesture," she said, "but I have money. I can't take yours." 
"Why?" 
The man's eyes widened in surprise. 
He noticed the coldness and distance in her eyes. 
He knew why she kept a polite distance between them. 
Despite his efforts, Elisa was still concerned about her mother, whom she had not seen or spoken to in two decades. 
His connection with Elisa would only go as far as this, even if he returned to that country. 
He would have to return to the country for the sake of the lonely child in front of him! 
"Please keep it, and don't worry about anything else. Now that I know of your existence and the past rumors about your mother, I'll make sure to find the answer to everything." 
He was determined to bring her mother to meet her if her mother wasn't in trouble.
Elisa could sense the determination in the man's voice. 
He was a kind and caring uncle. 
However, she still didn't know his name. 
She had never called him "uncle" before. 
Elisa was hesitant to ask for his name. 
After thinking about it momentarily, she probed cautiously, "Actually, I still don't know your name." 
After learning of his true identity, Elisa felt the need to offer her basic courtesy as his niece so she didn't dare look him in the eye. 
The man also noticed her change in demeanor. 
Soon after, he took her hand and placed the black card in her palm, disregarding her previous refusal. 
"I know what you're worried about," he said gently and, gazing tenderly at her, continued, "But I'm your uncle, and I'll protect you no matter what. You can be a little stubborn with me." 
Elisa was moved by his words. 
Her nose started to run, and her eyes stung as she fought back tears. 
She hadn't felt this way since her father died. 
A weight settled on her chest, making it difficult to breathe. 
The black card lay softly in her palms, but it felt like it weighed a ton. 
"Silly girl!"
The man patted her head, and a warm smile spread across his face. 
One of his subordinates saw the exchange. 
The subordinate had just returned from an errand overseas, her silver luggage in tow. 
She came straight here from the airport, as she had something important to report to him. 
She knew her boss was kind and considerate, but she had rarely seen him interact with women. Moreover, she had never seen him treat anyone with the same love and care he showed toward this woman. 
Therefore, she was stunned to see the scene that unfolded before her. 
Her gut instinct told her that her boss' relationship with this woman was not ordinary. 
She didn't dare to interrupt. 
So she gently pulled her luggage and walked away. 
She didn't hear any of their conversations after that. 
"My name is Winslow Knowles. I know this is a lot to take in. You can call me Mr. Knowles. That's what everyone close to me calls me." 
It wasn't his real name, but he had chosen to use the same last name as Elisa's mother, Iulia Knowles.
###chapter1465
Chapter 1465 There Was No Way to Prove It
It was best that she remained in the dark about what had happened until the truth was revealed. 
Elisa shook her head, refusing to address him as "Mr. Knowles." 
"If I call you Mr. Knowles, I'm afraid I'll never be able to break that habit." 
It was true that she may continue to refer to him as Mr. Knowles if it became a regular habit. 
She was also determined not to take his card. 
"Uncle Winslow, I really have enough money. Thank you for your offer…" 
"What did you just call me?" 
Winslow's eyes widened in surprise when he heard Elisa call him "Uncle Winslow." 
He had been expecting her to call him "Mr. Knowles." 
Hence, he was caught off guard by her sudden change of address. 
"Uncle Winslow," she said softly. 
This time, Winslow's ears perked up when he heard her call him uncle. 
When she saw the tears welling up in his eyes, she felt a pang of guilt hit her in the gut. 
If anyone was to blame for this, it was her mother, Iulia. Her uncle had done nothing wrong. 
After Winslow learned of their relationship, he immediately took steps to protect her and even offered her a black card. It was evident that he cared deeply for her. 
She shouldn't hold a grudge against him because of her mother's actions.
"If you find it difficult to call me uncle, just call me Mr. Knowles. Or whatever you're comfortable with." 
It was unusual for Winslow to act this way. He had met with all sorts of situations and people, but he was so surprised to hear Elisa call him uncle that he had to pinch himself. 
He wasn't sure if he was caught in a dream. 
He was happy to hear her address him with familiarity but didn't want to force her to call him uncle if she wasn't comfortable with it. 
Her eyes filled with hope as she heard how much he cared for her. 
If her mother hadn't been forced to leave her, she would have been a kind and responsible mother. 
But she couldn't confirm her assumptions because she had never met her mother. 
There was no way to prove it. 
Elisa shook her head. "I can't ignore the fact that we're related by blood. You're my uncle. It would be rude of me to call you Mr. Knowles." 
"Are you still angry about what I said about your father?" 
His lips curled into a warm smile as he heard what Elisa said. His eyes sparked with amusement. 
He was so straightforward when he asked her the sensitive question. 
However, his smile never wavered. 
Elisa didn't respond. She was caught off guard by his question and didn't know how to answer it.
She was indeed furious when he said her father's background was ordinary. 
But knowing how he built up a large-scale casino, he must've had remarkable capabilities and networks. 
The Knowles family was undoubtedly wealthier than the Bennet family. 
If she were in his shoes, she would have been even more frustrated if her sister had chosen to marry into a family with less influence and power than theirs. 
She understood why he behaved that way. 
But she didn't know how to express her thoughts in response to his sudden question. 
She smiled awkwardly, her eyes darting away from his. 
Winslow could see the thoughts flitting across her face, but he didn't address it to her. 
"Alright then, you can take a rest now. I'll get back to work, and we'll have dinner together later tonight." 
"Sure." 
Her eyes lit up at the mention of dinner. 
Despite Elisa's refusal, Winslow left the black card on the table. 
… 
Meanwhile,Gareth and Thomas had been sent back to the hotel. 
At the hotel's top floor, Gareth saw Thomas off before he took the elevator.
###chapter1466
Chapter 1466 Boasted
Mr. North's face darkened with cold fury when he noticed that Gareth had no intention of getting on the private jet. 
"Gareth, do you think the world revolves around you? We're about to take off, so please hurry up. Ms. Benett will not be here to see you off. Don't even dream of it!" 
He was the one who had the two glasses sent for a DNA test. 
Furthermore, he was also the one who received the results of the DNA test. 
With the evidence in front of them, they would be busy catching up with each other. Elisa wouldn't have time to worry about Gareth. 
Gareth glanced at him, ignoring his scornful remarks. "When did I say I was leaving?" he asked, his voice calm and indifferent. 
Mr. North was confused by his behavior. 
"What do you mean?" 
Mr. North couldn't understand what Gareth was implying. He had packed his bags with his assistant and was already there. But Gareth had suddenly said that he wasn't leaving. 
Was he pulling his leg? 
Mr. North's face turned grimmer with each passing second. 
He wanted to grab Gareth by the collar and force him to follow him, but Gareth immediately shoved him aside. 
"We're not at the KKCD Casino anymore. You have no right to touch me!" 
No right? 
The two words lingered in Mr. North's mind, fueling his fury. 
Mr. North's fist was cocked and ready to strike, but Gareth saw it coming and punched him in the gut. 
He had wanted to beat Gareth up since that day at the casino. 
And finally, his opportunity had arrived! 
They were evenly matched at the beginning of the fight. 
Gareth's jaw tensed with determination as he allowed Mr. North to pummel him with his punches. 
Although it seemed as though Gareth was weak and needed Elisa's help, that was not the case. 
He had a plan bubbling in his head all along. 
Mr. North was so confident in his victory that he didn't even notice Gareth letting him win. He thought he had finally become stronger, but in reality, Gareth was just playing possum. 
This was the reason why Mr. North was winning over Gareth. 
Mr. North signaled for his subordinates to come over. "Take him to the basement," he said smugly. 
"Sure, Mr. North." 
His subordinates curtly nodded, obeying his command. They immediately pulled Gareth up and dragged him away. 
On their way to the basement, Mr. North couldn't help but sneer at Gareth's miserable state. 
"Gareth," Mr. North said, his voice dripping with condescension. "I heard you were quite a good fighter in the past." 
"But how did you end up like this with a few simple punches?" he asked, his eyes glinting with amusement. 
"Don't tell me that they were only baseless rumors?" he asked, raising an eyebrow. 
Mr. North grabbed Gareth's face in his hands and sneered. "You're just a useless bug," he hissed. "At best, you're a lackey that would do anything your boss asks you to do," Gareth spoke nonchalantly, unfazed by Mr. North's words. 
Gareth's provocation succeeded in angering Mr. North further, with his face twisted into a deep scowl. He raised his fist and punched Gareth in the face with violent force. 
Gareth saw the punch coming and ducked out of the way. 
He scoffed when he saw Mr. North's face blackened with rage. His eyes were like two burning coals. 
Despite the compromising position he was in, Gareth continued to maintain an arrogant attitude that only aggravated him. 
He warned Gareth, "Let me tell you something." 
"Even with your brazen attitude, you won't be laughing anymore when we reach the basement," Mr. North said, tilting his head. 
Mr. North tilted his head; his eyes narrowed to slits. "You'll be at my mercy and do anything I ask you to do. If you dare refuse…" 
"... I'll give you a taste of my punches until you agree!" 
Mr. North boasted, his eyes glinting with malice. 
He looked at Gareth as if he was a wounded animal. 
###chapter1467
Chapter 1467 Not Happy About This Arrangement
But Gareth is not an easy man to deal with. 
Would Gareth allow Mr. North to bully him this way? 
Not in a million years. 
Gareth wanted to hide in the basement and wait for an opportunity to meet Elisa. 
But his plans had changed. 
He could be beaten to death by Mr. North before he had the chance to meet Elisa. 
As he mulled over his thoughts, he decided to put an end to this. Gareth immediately kicked the lackeys around him, knocking them to the ground with a thunderous thud. 
The subordinates couldn't have expected Gareth to have so much strength left to push them away. 
They had thought that he would be crushed by Mr. North's hands. 
No one could withstand his sudden onslaught. 
He left everyone stunned and scrambling to catch their breath. 
They were flailing their arms and legs in a futile attempt to strike him back. 
Gareth had never been known for his mercy. 
A right hook to one of the subordinates sent him stumbling hard to the ground. 
In a matter of seconds, he had taken care of everyone in his way. 
He was now face-to-face with Mr. North. 
He stood before Mr. North, unafraid and confident. He was assured of his victory. 
Without Elisa's safety to worry about, Gareth was unstoppable. 
Elisa was completely unaware of what was happening. 
Elisa was starting to get used to having an uncle. 
And how attentively her uncle was treating her. 
She still wasn't used to the amount of care he was showing her. 
He ordered his subordinates to accompany her to shop for the things she needed. 
Moreover, he specifically assigned a female assistant, fearing she would feel uneasy with a male aide. 
Brie was upset at how her boss was treating Elisa with such concern. 
As she stood behind Elisa, she couldn't help but scrutinize her. 
Elisa was stunning, with a tall figure and pale, smooth skin that adorned her features. 
However… 
Elisa caught her staring. 
She noticed Brie's eyes scanning over her but maintained her composure and didn't say a word. 
But Brie quickly looked away, her heart hammering in her chest. 
As Elisa stayed at the casino, her uncle's attentiveness to her piqued the curiosity of everyone in the casino. The women, in particular, were sensitive to the gossip about Elisa's identity. 
Elisa did not blame Brie, nor did she feel upset with her. 
However, she could not have imagined what would happen after she returned to the casino. 
She overheard a conversation outside as she was getting ready to rest in her bedroom. 
"That girl, Elisa, is skilled at wrapping men around her little finger. I remember seeing her with another man when she first appeared before Mr. Knowles." 
"She was all over the other man, but I never thought she would seduce Mr. Knowles." 
"Ms. Ingram, you went out with her today. What do you think about her? Is she someone obnoxious? We could..." 
"What can we do if she is? Mr. Knowles likes her, so we have to treat her politely either way." 
Brie sneered coldly. 
She took a drag of the cigarette in her hand. "Mr. Knowles must have many other ladies around him. I think it's best to keep your nose out of it!" 
Brie and Mr. North were both the casino boss's most trusted subordinates. Brie was often out running errands, so she was rarely seen at the casino. Now that she was back, she had been assigned to protect Elisa. 
Everyone in the casino knew that Brie was not happy about this arrangement. 
###chapter1468
Chapter 1468 Thought About Killing the People
They disliked Brie and wanted to use Elisa to rile her up. "Of course!" one of them said. "With our boss's capabilities and power, how could he only have Elisa?" 
"According to my instincts, Elisa must be our boss' new favorite," another chimed in. "We shouldn't underestimate her at all." 
"Exactly," the first woman agreed. "We need to treat her well from now on." 
"Do you have nothing better to do than spread nonsense? You'll lose your tongue if you keep talking like that." 
Brie's anger boiled over. She extinguished her cigarette on the floor with a forceful stomp. 
She leveled an icy glare at them, silencing them with her fierce gaze. 
"Leave and get your work done!" she commanded in a voice that brooked no argument. 
At Brie's words, everyone hurried away. 
After a short while, Brie turned around. 
Her eyes met Elisa's. 
Elisa was leaning against the doorframe with her arms crossed, her dark, solemn eyes staring back. 
Brie realized with a startle that Elisa had witnessed everything that had just happened. 
Her face remained expressionless. 
She would accept any punishment that Elisa would bring upon her, even if it meant getting reprimanded by her boss. 
"My relationship with your boss is not what you're making it out to be." 
As a woman, she could see how Brie's feelings had clouded her judgment. 
If her uncle was not tied romantically with someone else, and this female subordinate had feelings for him, they might have ended up together. 
She knew she should not get involved in his marriage and relationship matters. 
Brie let out a silent gasp as Elisa tried to clear things up. 
She quickly pulled herself together. 
"Mr. Knowles' relationship with you is none of my business. I am only following his orders to protect you," she interjected resolutely. 
A calm silence filled the air between them. 
Brie had already made her position clear to Elisa, so she did not need to ask any further questions. 
"If you have no further need of me, I'll be taking my leave," Brie said finally as she gave a curt nod. 
Elisa shook her head. "I'm good. You can go." 
Brie turned on her heel and walked away. 
Who would have thought the rumor about Elisa leaving Gareth for Winslow would spread like wildfire through the casino? 
Suddenly, Elisa was the talk of the town, as everyone speculated about her relationship with Winslow. 
When Winslow's friend arrived, he congratulated him on his new relationship. "Mr. Knowles, it's been so long since something like this happened. We should celebrate!" 
"Celebrate?" Winslow raised his eyebrows in surprise. 
KKCD Casino had not announced any wedding ceremony, nor had they announced a collaboration with ZF Corporation. So Winslow was confused by his friend's abrupt wishes. 
His friend was amused by Winslow's stunned and bewildered expression. He pointed at him and smiled mischievously. "Mr. Knowles, how long were you going to keep this a secret from me?" he asked. "Everyone in the casino knows about your new partner. Why didn't you tell me right away?" 
"When are you going to invite me to the wedding?" 
It took Winslow a moment to realize that his friend was referring to him and Elisa. 
Only then did he realize that his casino employees had misunderstood their relationship and had even
spread false rumors about them. 
Winslow's face turned grim as understanding dawned upon him. His lips pursed in suppressed fury as he thought about killing the rumor-mongers. 
###chapter1469
Chapter 1469 You've Really Disappointed Me
"That's not my new partner. It's all a misunderstanding. I have something urgent to attend to today, so we'll have to reschedule. Let's meet another day." 
Winslow then asked for his friend to be shown out of his office. 
His employees at the casino were interrogated about the source of the rumor spreading, and Brie was quickly blamed. 
"We were simply curious about the relationship between Ms. Benett and Mr. Knowles. We were not sure of the details, but Ms. Ingram informed us that Ms. Benett was not the only woman you admire." 
"We were manipulated by Ms. Ingram, but we can assure you that we never told anyone else. The rumors were spread by customers who witnessed your interactions with Ms. Benett. Mr. Knowles, you have always told us that we must put our customers first and that it is okay as long as their money stays here, isn't that right?" 
… 
Winslow's lips thinned with displeasure, his eyes burning with rage. 
It was fate that allowed him to be reunited with Elisa. 
He would not have known Elisa's identity if not for their fateful meeting. 
She was his niece, and yet they were both caught in a scandal of being in a romantic relationship. 
As her uncle, how could he have allowed this to happen? 
Winslow's mouth twisted wryly; his voice was deep and emotionless. 
His dark, profound eyes were like two dark coals, smoldering with anger. 
"If you continue to gossip, you will have your tongues cut off and your arms and legs broken. You'll each receive a hundred thousand as compensation. Take it and get out of my sight now!" 
The strict rules of KKCD Casino were well-known to all employees. Arguing with the boss was futile. 
The more they begged for mercy, the crueler their punishments would be. 
Winslow didn't even give them a chance to beg before ordering them to be dragged away. 
Within ten minutes, Winslow had fired nearly all of his employees. 
As for Brie, she stood frozen in fear at the repercussions that might follow her. 
Winslow didn't mention her name when he gave the order, but his eyes were flared red with anger, and she could tell she was in for a world of trouble. 
She also realized how much Winslow valued Elisa. 
He would ruthlessly get rid of all his employees in KKCD Casino because of Elisa! 
She collapsed to her knees with a loud thud. 
Her head was bowed, and she didn't say a word. 
As Winslow's cold gaze fell on her... 
Elisa entered the room. 
Brie's hands balled into fists as soon as she saw Elisa. 
She couldn't believe that her vulnerable and humiliating side would be seen by Elisa. 
But Elisa didn't bother to scoff at her. 
"Uncle Winslow, I think I'll come back later." 
"Alright." 
Winslow wanted to call her back, but he decided against it. 
He didn't wish for Elisa to witness his atrocious side. 
The moment she called him "Uncle Winslow," Brie's shoulders fidgeted in surprise. 
So many of them had misunderstood their relationship. It turned out that they were related by blood, not lovers. 
If that was the case, why was no one in the casino aware of it? 
"Brie, you and Mr. North have been my most trusted employees all these years. I don't want to create any hard feelings between us, but you've really disappointed me." 
Winslow's words were laced with resignation and frustration. Brie's mind reeled as she connected the dots between their relationship. 
She quickly lowered her gaze to the floor, her face burning with shame. 
Her throat was too tight to speak. 
She knew she had let Winslow down and deserved whatever punishment Winslow was about to give her. 
###chapter1470
Chapter 1470 Sounds Like Mr North
She would be willing to lay down her life for him. 
"Mr. Knowles, it's my fault for misleading them with the wrong information and causing harm to you and Ms. Benett. I am to blame for staining yours and Ms. Benett's reputation." 
Brie's words caught in her throat as she felt a pang of pain thrum in her heart. 
She had acted rashly based on her assumptions. Although Mr. North had misunderstood them before, he had never tried to spread false rumors about them. 
Mr. North even suspected that Elisa was Winslow's daughter. 
Brie wasn't privy to everything that happened, so he shouldn't be too harsh on her. 
However, Winslow was insistent on letting Brie go. 
"Elisa and I had finally been reunited by fate. She's my family member. If I couldn't even protect her from rumors, how is she able to trust me in the future? Just leave, Brie." 
After considering everything, Winslow made the decision that Brie had to leave. 
But Brie didn't want to go; she was adamant about staying by his side. 
She inched closer to him on her knees. "Mr. Knowles, you could take my life, but please don't chase me away." 
Her voice was a hoarse whisper as she begged for mercy, and her eyes were brimming with tears. 
She was more capable than Mr. North in many ways. Winslow had always relied on her and valued her skills.
Winslow didn't want to punish her as harshly as he did with the other employees, considering all the years she had worked for him. However, he knew that he had no choice but to fire her. 
"Do you really think I can keep you around?" he asked, his voice devoid of emotion. 
"I know you wouldn't keep me here anymore, and I would rather die than leave your side." 
She pleaded with him, her voice filled with desperation. 
Brie was determined to stay by his side. Even if she had to die today, she wanted to die by his side. She had given her heart to him the day he took her in and brought her to work in the casino. 
The fervent determination in her eyes made Winslow hesitate. 
He knew he couldn't kill her, no matter how many rules the casino had or how heartless the system was. 
He also understood how critical her assistance has been throughout these years. 
"I'm not going to kill you," he muttered finally. "Not after everything you've done for me." 
Winslow turned his back on her, his shoulders rigid. He didn't say another word. 
Winslow crossed his arms behind his back, his expression unreadable. His body language made it clear that his decision was final. 
Brie knew what Winslow's actions meant. He was done with the exchange of words between them. 
It was too late. There was nothing she could do to change his mind. 
She had been so quick to judge and spread rumors, and so she had to pay the price.
It was all her fault! 
Brie got up and drew the gun from her waist. 
Within a second, she could have pulled the trigger and ended it all. 
But she didn't want to leave any loose ends. 
Brie took a deep breath and mustered up her courage. She was about to tell him how she felt after all these years. 
The door suddenly opened with a loud woosh, and Brie's heart skipped a beat. 
"Mr. Knowles." 
The person that entered his office was Mr. North. 
His voice made her regain her senses, and she lowered the gun. 
Winslow's eyebrows snapped together when he heard Mr. North's voice. "What happened to your voice?" 
The sound of Mr. North's voice was like nothing Winslow had ever heard before. 
It was different, somehow...off. 
But how would he know? The real Mr. North had been violently beaten up by Gareth and was pinned to a cross in the basement. 
The person in front of him was Gareth, wearing a realistic human mask and using a voice changer to sound like Mr. North.
Gareth kept his composure, even though Winslow was clearly suspicious of him. 
"It could be because of the cold I caught," he replied calmly.
###chapter1471
Chapter 1471 I Deserve to Die!
"You should drink less and take care of your health. Just because you're young doesn't mean you get to be reckless with your body. Have you considered the consequences for the future?" 
Winslow countered immediately upon hearing Gareth's response. 
"I understand, Mr. Knowles; I will take note of it next time," Gareth replied, lowering his head. 
Initially, he didn't fully grasp the significance of Winslow's words, but three hours later… 
At that moment, he came back to report to Winslow. 
"Is everything settled on Gareth's end?" Winslow voiced out one of his primary concerns. 
With Gareth's departure, no one in Moranta would have the power to sway Elisa any longer. 
Naturally, Winslow wanted to keep Elisa away from people like Gareth. 
However, for someone like Elisa, who valued relationships, abandoning Gareth was out of the question. 
Winslow thought it was wisest to send Gareth away. Gareth was caught off guard when he heard his name being uttered from the casino owner's lips. He had not realized the casino owner had his eyes on him. 
Nonetheless, he kept his act together perfectly. He respectfully nodded and replied, "Yes, sir, everything has been handled according to your instructions." 
"That's good. Now, go and get some rest. Stay by Elisa's side and take care of her after that." 
"Yes, sir." Gareth nodded and left the room. 
Brie couldn't help but overhear their conversation. 
As soon as she got back, Mr. Knowles assigned her the responsibility of taking care of Elisa. 
Brie was well aware that the only reason she was assigned to the task was because she was a woman, making her the most convenient choice. 
Mr. Knowles had asked North to take care of Elisa. His intention was clear—he could do with one less female assistant, but he couldn't be without Elisa. 
"Mr. Knowles, may I ask you a question?" Brie slowly approached Winslow and pursed her lips before speaking. 
Winslow didn't respond immediately, but his gaze fell on Brie. 
Brie understood that as a sign that he was allowing her to speak. 
After a brief pause, Brie muttered, "Mr. Knowles, I want to... I am…" 
She struggled to find the right words. 
She noticed the hint of confusion in Winslow's calm eyes as he looked at her. 
Brie hesitated, unsure if she should proceed with her words. 
"When had you become so indecisive, Brie?" 
Winslow's tone showed some disdain towards her stalling her words. 
Brie's throat tightened. 
She knew that Winslow always expected people that worked around him to be clear-cut and straightforward when talking. 
Oh, screw it! Brie thought to herself. She was already prepared to die. 
At that moment, Brie decided to honestly express her feelings. If she had to die, she wouldn't have any regrets. 
So she pinched the flesh of her palm. 
Before she could start, however, Winslow noticed the glint of her gun shining at her waist. 
Instantly, Winslow understood everything. 
His actions were swift. Before Brie could react, Winslow was already approaching her, and the gun ended up securely in his hand. 
At the next moment, he had removed the magazine. And with unadulterated rage, he threw the gun to
the ground. 
"Brie, after all these years by my side, all you have learned is using death to escape problems?" 
He had given her a second life, but she didn't want it and resorted to death for some mild issues. 
Winslow couldn't wrap his head around her actions. 
There was only a brief silence, and within that moment, a bitter taste lingered in Brie's throat. 
If she had feared death, she would not have reached this point. 
She shook her head. "Mr. Knowles, I never thought of using death to escape anything. I have just realized my mistakes. I shouldn't have done what I did and hurt your niece. I... I've turned everything into a mess. I deserve to die!" 
###chapter1472
Chapter 1472 What Are You Doing?
If she had known about their relationship, she wouldn't have spoken nonsense to those people. 
It was greed and obsession that had muddled her thoughts. 
However, Winslow didn't want to see her anymore, nor was he bothered to speak further on the matter. 
He pursed his lips and slowly spoke, "I've said it before, considering the years you've been with me, I'm giving you a chance. You can leave, and I'll have North transfer the money to you." 
"No…" 
"Mr. Knowles, I never wanted the money. And there's nowhere I can go if I leave the casino. Ever since I came to work for you, I've treated this place like my home, and you like my family. I beg you—please don't drive me away, okay?" Brie pleaded desperately. 
This was the first time she had shown such emotions in front of Winslow, and it was a stark contrast to her usual self, the decisive female steward in KKCD. 
Winslow couldn't help but feel a twinge of compassion for the lady before him. 
However, he couldn't let Elisa suffer either. 
"I can't let Elisa be mistreated…" 
"Mr. Knowles, can I please plead with Miss Bennet? If she forgives me and lets me stay, will you allow it?" Brie's eyes were bloodshot as she said these words. She had reached the lowest point of humility. 
But Winslow disagreed. 
In fact, his eyes narrowed instantly when she mentioned Elisa's name, showing a hint of anger. 
"You better not disturb her again. I'm warning you!" 
His words carried a profound warning. Afraid of angering him further, Brie dared not say anything else. 
She couldn't plead with Elisa, nor did he want her to stay. 
She didn't want to die either. 
But what else could she do? 
A slew of self-loathing words started to plague her thoughts. Why was she so impatient at that time? Why couldn't she have waited to clarify things? 
However, it was too late to regret it. 
If she walked out of the casino today or even died, she would probably never have a chance to meet Winslow ever again. 
She fell silent but mustered up her courage once again. 
She slowly looked into his dark eyes and said, "Mr. Knowles, I'm sorry... I was totally out of my mind. I was so jealous of Miss Bennet; I was jealous that someone who had been with another man like Miss
Bennet could come to your side. I know I wasn't good enough. I didn't read the situation right, so I went crazy. But if I could have a chance to start over, I promise I won't do this again. Even if I have to die, I will protect Miss Bennet..." 
"Mr. Knowles, I'm not the sort of person who gossips or makes up stories. It's just that... I care…" 
As Brie uttered these words, her throat felt sore, and her voice became hoarse. She tightly grasped her palm to ease the panic and uneasiness within her. 
Winslow was surprised—he hadn't expected Brie to bear such feelings for him. But he was indifferent to matters of love between men and women. 
He had no intentions of changing their relationship, so he wouldn't offer any false hopes. 
"I'll give you only ten minutes," Winslow replied coldly. 
Brie knew, but she had no regrets. She didn't want to leave, so as she walked out of the room and saw Elisa standing outside, she didn't hesitate and walked straight toward her. 
"I have…" 
Before Elisa could ask her anything, Brie immediately knelt before her. 
Elisa immediately stepped to the side, avoiding her kneeling gesture, and frowned, "What are you doing?" 
###chapter1473
Chapter 1473 Keep it Secret
Since Brie was arranged to be by her side, she had been observing and watching her. 
Brie had done everything she was supposed to and carried herself with composure and indifference. She was meticulous in handling matters. 
Elisa couldn't understand why someone like Brie, who completed all her tasks perfectly, would kneel before her. 
Before Elisa could ask, Brie had already lowered her head and spoke first. 
Brie pleaded hoarsely, "Miss Bennet, could you please help me? Rumors are circulating in the casino about you and Mr. Knowles. It's all because of what I said. I didn't know about the relationship between you and him. I'm sorry. Mr. Knowles wants to send me away to protect you, but I don't want to leave. Please, could you plead with Mr. Knowles for me? He will definitely listen to you..." 
Upon her confession, Elisa fell silent. She hadn't expected Brie to request her help. 
Nor did she expect that such a composed person would lose control in matters of love. 
But she understood that no one was perfect, and everyone was prone to make mistakes from time to time. 
The one thing she couldn't stand was others begging her, especially when this person was her uncle's trusted confidant. 
"It's just a small matter. Don't worry, I will try to talk to my uncle..." Elisa tried to assure her worries but
was interrupted by North's cold voice. 
"What do you mean by a small matter? Your reputation has been damaged because of her. How can that be considered a small matter?" 
As Elisa was about to help Brie up, she heard North's indifferent voice. 
Elisa and Brie both instinctively turned their heads toward him. 
Brie hadn't expected that after working together for so many years, North would be so merciless. 
Were all the bonds between them fake? 
Elisa, too, hadn't expected her partner, North, to be so cold-hearted. She didn't think he would be able to watch Brie leave without pleading for Mr. Knowles' better judgment on her behalf. 
Elisa was surprised but also noticed North's dark gaze. 
There was something familiar about the look in his eyes. Her thoughts flicked to Gareth for a second, and she started wondering if she might be delirious for mistaking North for Gareth. 
"How could you be so heartless after working together for so many years? If you don't want to help, don't interfere with my decisions!" Elisa spoke directly. 
After saying that, she didn't look at North and left him with the sight of her back. 
But while talking to Brie, her tone softened slightly, "I understand you didn't know, and I don't blame
you. Don't worry, I will talk to my uncle about it." 
She could have chosen not to help, but after giving it some thought, she couldn't help but feel sympathy as they were both women. Moreover, she could see Brie's feelings for her uncle. That's why she decided to help. 
Gareth didn't seem satisfied with her decision. "Miss Bennet, could you please consider the consequences before you act?" he said with an impatient tone, clearly conveying his dissatisfaction. 
He sounds so much like Gareth! Elisa thought. 
Elisa immediately turned her head. Her gaze swept over, but she only saw North's silent and cold face. 
Suddenly, she recalled a memory from a while ago. 
Didn't Nicole once use her face to seduce Gareth? 
So, was Gareth now using North's face? 
She had concluded that the person in front of her posing as North was Gareth in disguise. 
She chose not to expose him right then. After giving a cold glance at Gareth, she entered the room. 
"I'm attending a banquet tonight. If you find staying here boring, you can come with me." 
###chapter1474
Chapter 1474 Because You Are Here
After Elisa entered the room, Winslow told her he would attend a banquet tonight. 
Elisa wasn't interested in banquets. 
She knew he was busy and that many people would get the wrong idea if they saw them together too often. 
So she shook her head. "I don't really want to go, Uncle. And about Brie... she's the most loyal employee you can possibly get. Maybe you should keep her here?" 
Winslow was surprised that Elisa came to plead for mercy on Brie's behalf. "Your reputation wouldn't have been sullied if she hadn't talked nonsense to those people." 
He certainly did not foresee that Elisa would be such a benevolent figure to have forgiven Brie for her misconduct. 
Brie hadn't even worked by her side for more than a day. 
Besides, she had never been a person who casually helped others, especially those who had negatively affected her life. 
Winslow's thoughts raced as he couldn't quite understand what Brie had done to make Elisa come to him and plead for her. 
Elisa knew that Winslow was trying to protect her and didn't want her to be wronged. 
But such a small matter wouldn't really affect her reputation. Even if Brie hadn't said anything, people would still get the wrong idea. 
"Uncle, no one knows about my identity right now, so they misunderstood. Brie made a mistake in the heat of the moment, but she is undoubtedly a good assistant. I don't think I need to say much more about that. After all these years of working for you, Uncle, you should have felt it too." 
Elisa pursed her lips as she tried to persuade him. 
Winslow kept silent, carefully taking in her words. 
"Let her stay. I think she's a good person. If you don't want her, don't blame me for stealing her from you," Elisa said with a light smile. 
Winslow didn't respond immediately, either. He remained silent for a few seconds before slowly speaking, "The other people involved have left. It isn't fair if she doesn't leave too." 
KKCD had always aimed to treat everyone equally. 
Elisa understood his concern. 
But she immediately pointed out, "If you're treating her equally, then why hasn't Brie been left stranded like the others?" 
"Is your idea of treating everyone equally still influenced by past affections, Uncle?" 
Winslow smiled. "You're right. Since you've spoken up for her, let her stay." 
And so, Brie was allowed to stay. 
As for North, who was pretending to be Gareth, Winslow arranged for him to go to Caelonia for an investigation. 
As soon as he stepped out of the room, Elisa pulled him to the side with a stern face. "Gareth, are you insane? Where is North now?" 
Gareth wasn't surprised that she recognized him and didn't bother continuing with the charade. "I've locked him in the basement. I have my own reasons for doing this," Gareth said calmly, not seeing any problem with his actions. 
A surge of anger welled within Elisa as Gareth's words irritated her even more. "Your own reasons? You already got your Ganoderma Caligo, and we have even arranged a private jet to send you back to your country. Gareth, why are you staying here?" 
She couldn't understand this madman! 
Her question left Gareth at a loss. What was the point of him staying here? 
He stayed because he wanted to see what plans Elisa had and what kind of relationship she had with the casino owner. Eden, Mr. Carrerra, and this casino owner were always around her. He didn't think it was a coincidence, and neither did he believe she could handle these things alone! 
"Because you're here," he finally blurted out.
###chapter1475
Chapter 1475 Flames of Wrath
Gareth's words were pronounced with absolute clarity. 
Elisa heard them distinctly and immediately turned her gaze toward him. 
Elisa's puzzled look met Gareth's eyes. 
He remained resolute. 
This is outrageous! 
"Gareth Wickham." 
Elisa's face darkened, and her voice growled as she called out his name. 
Gareth's tone was solemn and earnest. "Elisa, I'm not kidding," he said. 
Elisa exclaimed, "You should know better, Gareth–" 
Elisa had no desire to continue the argument with him. However, before she could finish her sentence, she heard the sound of footsteps growing closer from a distance. 
It was Joseph and Henry. 
"I should go. Look after yourself," Elisa murmured. She left hurriedly, knowing that was the only reminder she could offer him. 
Besides, she couldn't linger any longer in his presence. 
Joseph and Henry came along after she left. 
Joseph's words were filled with mockery and sarcasm as he spoke about Elisa. 
"Mr. North, what's up with you and Elisa?" 
Since the last gambling incident, Joseph had harbored a grudge against Elisa. 
Upon his return, Joseph learned that Mr. North had initiated a significant change because of Elisa. He even contemplated dismissing Brie. 
Little did he know that Elisa's mere presence here could prompt Mr. North to undertake such extensive changes. 
After the incident involving gambling, Gareth held a grudge against Joseph, but his resentment towards Henry was even more evident. 
"Now, who would dare to disrespect her?" 
Gareth's patience with Joseph was wearing thin. Yet, as he prepared to reprimand him, he couldn't overlook his own unfavorable situation. 
Gareth remained uncertain about his relationship with Joseph, prompting him to be cautious and avoid exposing his plan early on. 
"You're right. Nobody would want to leave after spending so many years in the industry." Joseph conceded. 
With a mocking smile adorning Joseph's lips, Gareth maintained silence rather than squandering more words with him. 
"I must attend to the task assigned," Gareth stated before turning and heading toward the exit. 
Joseph noticed Gareth's change in behavior and turned to Henry, asking, "Have you seen how Mr. North is treating us more politely now?" 
As the manager of KKCD casino, Mr. North had never shown deference to anyone. This unexpected change in attitude made Joseph feel uneasy. 
Henry's response was sluggish as he mumbled, "Huh? Is North acting differently? How so?" 
Joseph's face turned livid with anger. 
He shot Henry a piercing gaze and exclaimed, "You're so clueless! How did I even choose you as my subordinate? This is infuriating!" 
Raging with fury, Joseph viciously kicked Henry while relentlessly berating him. 
Henry had to endure both the physical and verbal onslaught from Joseph. 
After a few beatings, Henry mustered the courage to speak, carefully choosing his words. 
###chapter1476
Chapter 1476 Take Her Away
"Boss, should I find someone to follow him secretly?" 
The question was punctuated with a ruthless kick from Joseph. 
"Are you an idiot? Hiring a personal stalker now? Are you trying to get both of us killed?" 
Henry remained silent, fearing that it would further provoke Joseph's anger. 
Although seething with rage, Joseph restrained himself from lashing out at Henry. 
Choosing Henry for the task was a frustrating mistake as he proved to be unfit for the task. 
"Get out!" Joseph angrily berated and silenced Henry completely. 
Gareth had made his way back to North's immaculately tidied room. 
He selected a few clothes as a flight was scheduled for nine in the morning. 
While under the watchful eyes of the guards in KKCD casino, Gareth was curious about the upcoming trip to Caelonia. 
Nevertheless, upon inspecting North's phone, nothing was out of the ordinary. 
Until– 
A message from Mr. Knowles. 
Mr. Knowles: 'This time, you must investigate thoroughly. Do not reveal yourself before uncovering the truth. I don't want Elisa to be in any trouble.' 
This was a stern warning from Mr. Knowles. 
On the trip to Caelonia, with numerous revelations at stake, Gareth chose North as his most trusted companion. 
As such, he was cautious to avoid any slip-ups or blunders during the trip. 
He was ready for this trip. 
As the departure approached, Elisa felt agitated for Gareth but could not speak to him directly. 
She could only communicate with him through North's phone. Despite Elisa's worries, Gareth stayed calm. 
Elisa suppressed her anxiety with her uncle by her side. 
Winslow noticed her fidgeting and, with concern, asked gently, "Lis, what's the matter? You seem a bit off." 
Elisa looked up at him, slightly surprised, and responded, "Do I?" 
She was worried about Gareth being discovered. Winslow noticed her unease and chuckled, "If I hadn't seen through you, I might not have mentioned it, but... Elisa, you seem to be hiding something from
me." 
Winslow caught Elisa stealing occasional glances at North. 
Sensing Elisa's subconscious worry, Winslow swiftly said, "Are you concerned about North's trip, or do you need him to handle something else for you?" 
Elisa was shocked, as if a thunderclap had struck her. 
Her uncle's observation skills surprised her. Nonetheless, she continued the conversation as he led. 
Her face tightened with a smile. 
"I do have my concerns, but with everything already taken care of by you, Uncle, I hesitate to impose any further responsibilities on North," Elisa expressed her concerns. 
Winslow chuckled and said, "You can take anyone from my casino. Brie also stayed due to your request. You can take her with you if you believe she is good enough." 
###chapter1477
Chapter 1477 Boundaries Crossed
Brie, who was walking behind them, overheard their conversation. 
Her body stiffened. She stood still, helpless over her predicament. 
She turned to Elisa, her eyebrows slanted in worry. 
Elisa? Please help. 
Elisa respected Brie's decision and didn't force anyone to participate, even if Winslow had given his permission. 
Shaking her head, she rejected, "I have enough staff. There is, indeed, something I need to discuss with Gareth, but I'll return shortly." 
After saying what she needed to say, she then strode towards Gareth. 
She left hurriedly, concerned that Gareth would assume North's identity and proceed with his tasks. 
At the same time, she wanted to leave room for her uncle and Brie. 
Brie hesitated but ultimately found the courage to address Winslow directly. She firmly stated, "Mr. North, I'm willing to do anything for Ms. Benett as per your instructions, even at the cost of my life. However, I cannot stay by her side." 
If she agreed, Brie's chances of meeting North would be scarce. 
It was an unfavorable circumstance for Brie. 
He spoke in a cold, stern voice, "If you choose to stay, you must understand that I have zero tolerance for insubordination." 
Brie knew his disposition and preferences. 
Nonetheless, she couldn't keep her distance away from him. 
Brie pleaded, "I know. And I've never intended to defy your commands. But please–don't leave me with Ms. Benett. You can reject me, but would you please stop pushing me away?" 
With only a small circle of trusted allies and no one to care for him at this point in his life, Elisa's appearance only added to his growing list of concerns. 
Winslow clarified, "I have never considered dismissing you or anyone, including Gareth, unless they cross my boundaries and engage in misconduct." 
He enunciated his words carefully. 
Brie trembled in fear as she looked down at her feet. "Elisa doesn't want you, and we can't do anything about her. But I hope you've learned your lesson." 
"Yes." 
Brie reluctantly agreed with Winslow's warning, avoiding direct eye contact. 
Her actions were deemed foolish by Winslow, and she couldn't help but feel saddened by the realization that her future with him seemed bleak. 
###chapter1478
Chapter 1478 Gareth, I Do Not Need You
Meanwhile, Elisa had walked up to Gareth. 
Elisa lowered her voice and said, "Gareth, while you still have the chance, bring out the real North and let him handle these matters." 
"You're worried about me?" Gareth's eyes narrowed upon hearing Elisa's concern. 
His eyes fixated on Elisa. 
Elisa rolled her eyes and continued, "Not exactly concerned, but you're playing with fire. If you cross Mr. Knowles…" 
"In that case, why not simply accuse me of offending your uncle?" Gareth interjected. 
Elisa was left speechless. 
Gareth's remark took her aback. 
Her lips thinned into a hard line, and the disdain in her eyes toward him intensified. 
"You took matters into your own hands, and look what happened. You did this!" 
"I never thought of it that way," Gareth immediately retorted to her accusation. 
Feeling like she was about to erupt from exasperation, she snapped, "Have it your way. You won't match up to my uncle." She turned around and stomped away. 
Gareth chose not to confront Elisa while Winslow and Brie were nearby. He didn't directly approach Elisa but subtly positioned himself in front of her. 
He acknowledged Elisa's worries, and he was respectful of Mr. Knowles. 
But respect didn't translate into fear on his part. 
"I want to be clear," he stated firmly. "Even if my true identity has been revealed, I am not afraid. You may wonder why I am pretending to be North if I have nothing to fear." 
She didn't have anything to add since he already asked the question she had in mind and answered it. 
Undeterred, Gareth continued, "Don't worry. I can handle it easily. If you help me, I'll commit to your cause." 
Gareth uttered those words confidently. 
Elisa remained silent, watching him intently. 
She had always acknowledged his strength and never underestimated him, but she didn't want him to jeopardize himself. 
His words would have moved her deeply in the past, but now, she felt a profound sense of serenity. 
It was all too late. 
Gareth's actions were motivated solely by gratitude for her past help, but she had a different perception of the situation. 
"Are we good?" 
Gareth didn't think so. 
He pursed his lips and said, "You've been a huge help for giving me Ganoderma Caligo, and you've helped detoxify me several times. Are we even?" 
Those were life-saving favors. 
Elisa smiled wearily, "Why? Can't get over us?" 
Gareth fell silent upon hearing her words. 
Before he could speak, Elisa continued, "I don't want anything to do with you, Gareth. Please, don't make matters worse." 
###chapter1479
Chapter 1479 Has He Noticed?
She knew Gareth was meticulous, but the problem was that his current plan couldn't work. 
Gareth looked at her with a frown. "How do you know I will make a bigger mess? Do you know me so well, Elisa Benett?" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She had a feeling that Gareth was bickering with her. 
But before she could say anything, Winslow had noticed and walked to them. 
Elisa's heart immediately tightened when she saw Winslow's deep gaze. 
Has he noticed? 
Elisa's heart inexplicably tightened when she thought about it. 
Winslow called out to her. "Have you recovered, Liz?" 
Elisa pursed her lips and composed herself. She answered, "I have." 
Before turning to leave, she said in Gareth's direction. "Since you don't listen to my advice, I won't say anything else. You better be careful." 
After that, Elisa turned to leave and didn't look at Gareth or say anything else. 
Her figure was clearly reflected in Gareth's eyes. 
For some reason, his heart felt exceptionally heavy when he saw it. 
… 
Elisa quickly went to Winslow's side. 
Brie saw her coming over and immediately handed her the bag in her hands nicely. 
"Ms. Benett, please wear this outfit later." 
It was an exquisite bag. On top of what Winslow had said, Elisa assumed it was an evening gown. 
She nodded and went into the room to change. 
After Elisa left, Winslow turned and instructed Brie, who was at the side. 
"Inform Mr. North. Tell him to arrange for a few men to follow us." 
"Alright." 
Brie answered and immediately went to look for Mr. North, who was Gareth. 
Since Elisa was attending the dinner party, he also had to go as Mr. North, whom he was disguised as! 
However, he had just given instructions when the underground room sent him a message and called
him. 
It was urgent, and they called a few times before Gareth returned to his room to answer it. 
But, of course, he was careful. He went into the bathroom and turned on the tap for safety purposes. 
"Mr. Wickam, something bad has happened! Mr. North! He almost bit his tongue off!" 
Gareth listened to the urgent voice with furrowed brows. 
He knew Mr. North was just making a stand against him and hadn't actually bitten his tongue off. 
But Gareth asked, "How is he?" 
"We found him in time. He can't swallow anything or speak for the time being. Mr. Wickam, his intentions are clear. He'll keep trying to kill himself if he doesn't see you today!" 
The subordinates he had arranged for to be with Mr. North passed on Mr. North's message honestly. 
Gareth's gaze was deep and cold, and he answered indifferently, "Mm. I understand." 
Mr. North wanted to force Gareth to appear. Otherwise, he wouldn't have gone so far. 
And since Mr. North had done such a thing, he could go even further. 
Gareth pursed his lips and looked at the time before slowly saying, "Tell him I'll come later." 
He had to attend the dinner party first. 
The subordinate nodded but urged Gareth, "Mr. Wickam, you must come quick. This man called Mr. North is hard to deal with!" 
"Mm." 
Gareth answered indifferently. His expression was cold, and he didn't say anything else. 
He walked out after he hung up. It so happened that Elisa had changed into her outfit. 
It was a short red dress that contrasted nicely against her complexion and figure. 
###chapter1480
Chapter 1480 What Do You Think My Casino Is
Her hair fell naturally, and the makeup on her face wasn't too extravagant. 
She always had light makeup but never looked insignificant. No matter how Gareth looked at her, her beauty was distinct. 
Winslow noticed Gareth's gaze as Gareth looked at her. 
"Brie, take Liz down and wait for me. Mr. North, I have something to discuss with you." 
"Mm." 
Gareth answered and quickly restrained his emotions. 
He feigned a respectful attitude and walked to Winslow. 
Winslow turned and walked into a room with Gareth. The moment Winslow turned, his face was suddenly icy and cold. There was no warmth left. 
When they were in the room… 
Winslow raised his leg and kicked Gareth. Gareth subconsciously avoided it, and this made Winslow realize something. 
Winslow narrowed his eyes. "You're not Mr. North. Who are you?" 
Although it was a question, Winslow's tone was confident. 
Mr. North had been by Winslow's side for many years. Winslow knew Mr. North well. 
Even if Mr. North had subconsciously reacted to Winslow's kick, Mr. North knew his place and wouldn't have avoided Winslow. 
Winslow knew Mr. North would never have avoided him, and his gaze turned cold. 
Therefore… 
Gareth's actions indicated that the person before Winslow wasn't Mr. North. 
At this time, Winslow thought of 'Mr. North's' gaze at Elisa and how Elisa had taken the initiative to look for 'Mr. North.' 
"Gareth Wickam." 
Winslow confirmed Gareth's identity confidently, and Winslow's expression immediately turned ashen. His black eyes were cold and piercing! 
Gareth saw that Winslow had called his name openly, so he didn't hide anymore. 
He tore off the skin mask and threw it to the side. 
Their gazes met, and Gareth's expression was tense and cold. He didn't panic at all. 
Winslow hated Gareth's attitude and disapproved of it! 
Winslow went forward and kicked him again. 
Although Gareth avoided it, he lost his balance slightly. 
Upon seeing it, Winslow quickly attacked Gareth again. 
Winslow kicked Gareth rapidly. 
Gareth backed away repeatedly but didn't fall. 
This surprised Winslow slightly. But he was only astonished by Gareth's willpower, nothing else. 
Winslow's disdain was greater than all of Gareth's strong points. 
"Where is he? What is your intention of coming to my casino in such a way?" 
Winslow asked two questions in a row. He watched Gareth intently with his cold and dark eyes, not allowing Gareth to avoid him at all. 
Gareth knew that if he didn't answer these two questions or give up Mr. North to Winslow, Winslow wouldn't let him go. 
Although he wasn't afraid, he didn't want to waste time on these things. It would affect his plan. 
After a momentary silence, he answered. 
"He's safe. Don't worry. I will send him back safely." 
"As for coming to your casino… Your people were too much, but everything that happened gave me an opportunity. I will naturally leave your casino once I finish what I want to do. I won't trouble the casino at all during this time!" 
Gareth was explaining and also declaring his position. 
Winslow suddenly laughed after he heard it. 
He paid no attention to Gareth. "What do you think my casino is?" 
###chapter1481
Chapter 1481 Why Didn't He Come?
Winslow clapped his hands, and a few subordinates rushed in from the outside. 
With one glance from Winslow, they surrounded Gareth. 
"Gareth, I gave you an opportunity, but you didn't want to leave. Now you have no chance to leave! Deal with him…" 
Before Winslow could finish speaking, Gareth had quickly attacked and easily knocked down those people. 
If Gareth didn't express fear, it meant he wasn't scared. 
His actions proved it! 
Winslow watched as his subordinates dropped like flies to the floor. He had a vulgar expression. 
He thought of Elisa and Gareth's complicated past. 
"Don't think I dare not lay a finger on you, Gareth Wickam." 
At the end of the day, Elisa still had feelings for Gareth. Besides, women cherished their past relationships more than men. 
She would be the first to leave if he did anything to Gareth! 
Therefore, Winslow restrained his rage. 
Without weapons, Gareth wasn't a match for Winslow with the latter's skills! 
"You better send Mr. North back before I return from the dinner party!" 
Winslow restrained Gareth against the chair and spoke coldly to him. 
Gareth could fight back, and the two would get into an altercation. 
Gareth was sure of one thing. He and Winslow were capable of hurting one another! 
But he didn't do anything because he considered that Winslow was Elisa's uncle. 
If Gareth harmed Winslow, Elisa wouldn't let him go freely! 
He only held back because of Elisa. 
The same applied to Winslow. 
He was enraged when he looked at Gareth. "You're the president of a company. How can you do such despicable things?" 
Gareth didn't appreciate Elisa while they were still married. They divorced, and he lost her but was still entangled with her. 
Especially Gareth's gaze at Elisa not long ago. The man's genuine desire could be seen as he looked at the woman! 
Gareth didn't like what Winslow said. Gareth immediately raised his brows coldly. 
"I don't need you to evaluate what I do and what I'm like. You're the boss here and her uncle, but you shouldn't interfere in certain things." 
This was a reminder and warning from Gareth to Winslow. 
Winslow was annoyed when he heard it. 
He pressed Gareth's shoulders with his hands, and a cold and malicious smile was in the corners of his mouth. 
Winslow didn't do anything, but Gareth's shoulder felt limp and weak when Winslow pressed his hands on him as if pinned by a boulder. 
Winslow sneered. "Tell me, what should I interfere in, and what should I ignore?" 
Actually, Winslow understood what Gareth meant, but he wanted to ask. He didn't like Gareth's attitude. 
Although Gareth was powerful in Zovain, they were in Moranta. 
Can Gareth be so bold in a foreign land? 
Gareth felt restless. 
He didn't want to disagree with Winslow, but Winslow was challenging his limits by interrogating him. 
Therefore, he didn't look at Winslow. Otherwise… 
Gareth was afraid he couldn't control himself. 
Winslow stopped talking to Gareth. Winslow gave orders and left the room. 
After he got into the car, Elisa, who had been waiting for a long time, asked, "Uncle Winslow, weren't you with Mr. North? Why didn't he come?" 
Elisa asked subconsciously.
###chapter1482
Chapter 1482 Did You Come Up With This Together?
But to Winslow, this was Elisa's subconscious feelings and concern for Gareth. 
He didn't understand. "Do you like Gareth so much?" 
Elisa's heart suddenly tightened. 
At first, she didn't understand why her uncle would ask her such a question. 
Until she saw his dark and stormy expression. 
Elisa suddenly realized something and pursed her lips. "Have you noticed, Uncle Winslow?" 
Although her voice was uncertain, she was sure. 
This made Winslow suddenly look at Elisa. 
His gaze seemed slightly disappointed. 
"Did you two come up with the idea for Gareth to do this?" 
"No. It was Gareth's idea." Elisa quickly denied it. 
She couldn't deny everything Winslow had done for her after he discovered she was his niece. 
What would it seem like if she was really working with Gareth? 
She was afraid Winslow wouldn't believe her, so she explained. "I only realized when he appeared today. I advised him to leave, but he didn't listen." 
Elisa pursed her lips and kept quiet after that. 
"Brie, drive." 
Winslow instructed Brie. He chose to believe Elisa. 
He understood Elisa's personality after interacting a few times. 
Perhaps she didn't believe the blood relation between them. 
Maybe she thought he was deliberately faking it, so she took advantage of the situation for her benefit. 
Winslow accepted it when he thought of it. 
He told Elisa, "If you don't believe me and think I'm lying, we can go to the hospital now." 
So she could personally witness everything and believe it. 
However, Elisa shook her head. 
She said, "If we weren't related, you wouldn't need to treat me so well. Uncle Winslow, I've seen everything you did and know you treat me well. I'm not a hypocrite. As for Gareth… I will think of a way to get rid of him." 
Elisa's expression was exceptionally determined at the end. This was a promise from her. 
Winslow smiled. His expression had relaxed. 
He said, "If Gareth was willing to leave, would he still put on an act?" 
At the end of the day, Gareth was unwilling to leave, so he thought of doing such a thing. 
However, Winslow disliked Gareth. 
Winslow pursed his lips. "I don't know how your parents met, but I'm sure of this. They wouldn't have gotten married if she didn't decide independently and did what the family wanted her to." 
"You and Gareth have a failed marriage. I don't want you to fall for him again. Moreover, there's no way you'll be single for the rest of your life. I can help you look for appropriate candidates," Winslow said. 
As the boss of KKCD Casino, he had power and status. How could exceptional men not be interested in his niece? 
However, she had no expectations of love. 
If she did, Will would be her best choice. 
When she thought of Will, she recalled his concern when he contacted her. 
She would return to her country after investigating what her uncle had said. 
Elisa shook her head. "Uncle Winslow, thank you for your kind intentions, but a relationship between two people shouldn't be forced. I have no intentions of doing such things at the moment." 
She had to discover the truth and manage her career. 
A failed marriage had made her realize that men were only an obstacle on the path to success. 
###chapter1483
Chapter 1483 Do You Have Medical Skills?
If she wanted a man, she would destroy her future! 
"I'm not going to say anything else if you have no opinion, but I discourage you from being with Gareth. He never appreciated you in the past. How will he appreciate you now?" 
In short, Winslow didn't have a good impression of Gareth. He was angry even when Gareth was mentioned. 
With Winslow's temper, Gareth would have long disappeared from his sight if not for Elisa's sake. Winslow wouldn't even give Gareth a chance to speak! 
Elisa nodded. "I understand, Uncle Winslow." 
Winslow didn't say anything else after seeing her nodding. 
They quickly arrived at their destination. 
This dinner party was held by Winslow's long-time good friend. His good friend had gone over to invite Winslow, but he didn't think Winslow would push him aside because of Elisa. 
But once it was settled, Winslow immediately came over. 
Although his good friend misunderstood him, Winslow explained it to him. 
He had brought Elisa along to the dinner party so that she would feel better. 
He looked at Elisa, but his good friend quickly called him away. 
Brie followed him. Since Mr. North wasn't there, she was the primary person to protect her boss. 
But she never thought that something would happen with Elisa as soon as they stepped away for a few minutes… 
'Crash!' 
Elisa looked toward the noise and saw a middle-aged man fall to the floor. She didn't think about it and walked over at once. 
Although she wasn't a meddlesome person, she had medical expertise. Even if she didn't, she couldn't look on helplessly as an average person if something happened to someone in front of her. 
Elisa felt his pulse and did some chest compressions. The man coughed and slowly opened his eyes. 
However, his eyes were bloodshot and red. 
"Girl, did you save me?" 
The man wrinkled his brows slightly, and his voice was hoarse. 
The man knew that he had taken a few steps before his vision turned black, and he fell to the floor. 
He didn't know what had happened after that, and he didn't know how long had passed, but the natural reactions of his body made him feel unbelievably unwell. 
He felt light-headed, dizzy, and had a stabbing pain in his chest. 
But he had just clearly felt someone grabbing his wrist. 
And doing compressions on his chest. 
He asked Elisa because he was surprised that she had saved him. 
"You happened to collapse before me, and your hand was extended, so I felt your pulse." Elisa pulled her hand away from him while she answered the man. 
The man was in his fifties but took good care of himself. He was in a black suit and looked like someone important. 
Elisa could tell, but she wasn't affected by it. 
She had just done it. If she didn't ask or take a look, she wouldn't be able to live with herself. 
She had taken the man's pulse and done chest compressions. 
When the man heard it, he was immediately astonished. "Girl, do you have medical skills?" 
"A little," Elisa said indifferently. Seeing that the man had yet to get up, she grabbed the man's hand, and her fingers fell on the man's pulse. 
Although the man was surprised, she didn't think her medical skills were outstanding or something to
be proud of. 
Because when something happened to her father, she hadn't helped him as his daughter. 
Although Norman and his wife had caused her father's death, which had nothing to do with her, she still felt regretful and guilty. 
###chapter1484
Chapter 1484 I Really Don't Have the Time
As her father's daughter, she hadn't fulfilled her duty properly as his child. 
Elisa was distracted. She controlled her thoughts and came to her senses in time. 
However, the man's pulse made her expression freeze. 
"Girl, did you find something wrong with me?" The man asked Elisa. His eyes were filled with confusion. 
Elisa didn't deny it. She nodded. "Mm. You fainted because you've been poisoned for three years." 
"In these three years, have you often noticed that you're exhausted and have palpitations, chills, and occasional dizziness?" 
The man immediately narrowed his eyes. He was suspicious about it but had never been able to find evidence. On top of his body's current symptoms, he didn't doubt what Elisa said. 
Elisa noticed she was right about the man's symptoms, so she kindly reminded him. "It must have been someone around you if they poisoned and hid it from you. You have to watch out. Stop taking your current medicine and look for a good doctor." 
This was the only advice she could give the man. 
After that, Elisa rose. 
Winslow had left with Brie. Elisa wasn't very interested in the unfamiliar dinner party. 
Besides, the man's incident had interrupted her mood. She wanted to go elsewhere, but the man rushed to stop her before she could turn and walk away. 
The man was afraid he would go around her, so he opened his arms wide. 
"Girl, you told me to look for a good doctor. What about you? You seem pretty good." 
Elisa's brows furrowed slightly. She looked at him slightly doubtfully. 
They didn't know each other. Why did the man dare to let her treat him? 
Everyone here was exceptional, and they could easily treat their diseases. Furthermore, the poison in the man's body wasn't terminal. Other doctors could treat him. 
She had no reason to make things difficult for herself. 
Therefore, Elisa turned him down bluntly. "I'm sorry, sir. I don't have the time. I'm not the only doctor around." 
Elisa initially thought she had expressed herself clearly, and the man kept quiet. 
But she never thought the man would chase after her persistently. "Girl, don't worry. I will reward you with what you deserve. If not, name your price. I can pay no matter how much it is." 
Elisa stirred after he said it. 
"It has nothing to do with money. I don't want to treat you, alright?" Elisa only said such a thing to him because she felt emotional. 
She had just done it out of the kindness of her heart, but she never thought she would end up making things difficult for herself. 
The man didn't give up. 
Because Elisa immediately reacted, saved him, and accurately pointed out his symptoms, he felt that Elisa was reliable and had excellent medical skills. 
Which was why he wanted to hold Elisa back. 
He couldn't let his body break down! 
"Girl, you must be turning me down because it's inconvenient for you, but I can accommodate your time. You've already helped me. Can't you help me to the end?" 
Elisa was frustrated when she saw how the man was acting. 
In the past, she would have agreed. 
But it was different today. Elisa was left behind because she was waiting for Winslow. Once Winslow finished his matters, they had to investigate her mother's affairs together. How would she have the time to deal with others? 
Elisa was exasperated. "It's not that I don't want to help you. I really don't have the time." 
"Then, can you prescribe medicine for me? And give me your contact number. I'll wait for you, alright?" 
###chapter1485
Chapter 1485 Uncle Winslow's Acquaintance
The man didn't want to let go of Elisa, his savior. 
He even pulled Elisa's hand and refused to let go. 
Elisa was utterly annoyed. 
He was in his fifties. Why didn't he know how to accept rejection from others? 
He was being so… shameless. 
He was trusting a stranger for no good reason. It was hard for her to believe what he was saying. 
She struggled and wanted to remove her hand but never thought the man would fall on the floor! 
At this time, other people noticed. 
"What are you doing?!" 
A loud and angry voice roared. 
It was a man's voice. After that, a few people noticed and rushed to her, surrounding her! 
"Do you know where we are? Do you know who you just harmed?" 
The voice was familiar. It belonged to the man who had first berated her. 
Elisa noticed that the man had a nasty expression and a cold yet ominous gaze in his eyes. 
Elisa looked at the man who had just fallen to the floor. He slowly got up and didn't say a word. Evidently, he was silently approving of the other man rebuking her. 
So. 
Was he using such a way to force her to compromise and treat him? 
If that was the case, Elisa felt slightly amused. 
She saved the person but ended up being troubled! 
"What did I do? He was pestering me to treat him! If you don't believe me, can't you just check the surveillance footage?" Elisa sneered and spoke indifferently. 
She didn't want to explain or say anything else. At the same time, she wasn't afraid at all. 
At this time, the man she saved reached out and asked everyone else to keep quiet. 
Initially, she noticed the man's unique identity but still turned him down. She wouldn't compromise at that moment just because many people were around. 
"Girl, I'm really being sincere…" 
"Stop saying such things. Even if you fell accidentally, what about now? So many of your subordinates ran over. Look at what you're doing right now. Are you sure you aren't using brute force to solve your
problems?" 
Elisa spoke up and interrupted him before he finished speaking. 
Elisa was an indifferent person. The man's actions and words destroyed her decent impression of him. 
Just as the man was about to say something, Brie quickly pushed the crowd away and instantly protected Elisa. 
The man across from them recognized Brie and was in disbelief. "Brie, is this girl someone from your casino?" 
The man was curious about Elisa's identity. 
He had a good relationship with Winslow. He had never seen someone like Elisa enter the casino all these years, nor had he heard Winslow mention someone like her. 
But from Brie's protective gaze and how she was about to make a move, the man quickly realized that the girl in front of him was Elisa Benett, the person rumored to have an affair with Winslow! 
Which was the niece Winslow had mentioned! 
After realizing it, the man regretted his actions and for not stopping his subordinates from going forward. 
And what he had said. 
"Where's Mr. Knowles?" 
The man asked about Winslow. 
Elisa didn't say anything. She didn't think the man before her was her uncle's acquaintance.
###chapter1486
Chapter 1486 Shameless
With Winslow's identity, he generally wouldn't tell others his real name. In her previous inquiries, the KKCD boss had a mysterious identity, and she hadn't discovered any of his information. 
Therefore, those who knew Winslow's name naturally had a good relationship with him. 
But this had nothing to do with her! 
The man was Winslow's friend, not hers. 
Brie had a cold expression. "Do you have the guts to ask about my boss now, Mr. Damian?" 
Brie had returned to check on Elisa as per Winslow's instructions. The dinner party was held by Damian Fawler, and he had invited Winslow to the seat of honor before personally going there. 
But Winslow was worried about Elisa. 
Since Brie had discovered that Elisa was Winslow's niece, she stopped arguing with Elisa. She only protected and took care of Elisa. 
At that moment, Brie didn't ask about the specifics. She only cared about what she saw! 
Mr. Damian immediately smiled when he heard what Brie said. "Brie, this is just a misunderstanding, and I didn't do anything to this girl. I only wanted to ask her for help and accidentally fell on the floor. My subordinates rushed over. This is just a misunderstanding." 
It was precisely what had happened. 
But Elisa was annoyed. She didn't want to hear anything else the man said. 
She pulled Brie. "Take me to see Uncle Winslow." 
She deliberately lowered her voice when she said it. 
Although she didn't want to go over, she would prefer to go to her uncle instead of continuing to be harassed by the man. 
However, Elisa didn't know that this dinner party was held by Mr. Damian. When Elisa turned, Mr. Damian followed. 
When Winslow saw them come in, he noticed Elisa's terrible expression and was instantly suspicious. 
But before he could ask anything, Mr. Damian said with a wide smile, "What a coincidence. My subordinates almost retaliated against Ms. Benett. You're another one, Mr. Knowles. Why didn't you inform me you brought your niece with you?" 
Mr. Damian tried to explain what had happened in a few words and tried to imply that Winslow was insincere. 
But Elisa couldn't take it. 
She retorted. "I'm not an important figure." 
Not only could she not bear to hear such flattery, but her annoyance at what had just happened had yet to dissipate! 
"Are you still angry at me regarding what happened, Ms. Benett?" Mr. Damian took the initiative to bring it up nicely. 
But Winslow had an awfully dark expression. 
"Liz, what on earth happened just now?" 
Winslow pursed his lips as he asked Elisa while looking at her. 
He didn't need to find out anything from Mr. Damian. He wanted to hear Elisa talk about the specifics. 
There was nothing to hide, but she didn't want her uncle to ruin his friendship because of her. 
She thought about it and restrained herself slightly. "Mr. Damian accidentally fainted before me, and I saved him. I realized he was poisoned and kindly informed him to look for a doctor, but Mr. Damian trusted me too much and insisted that I treat him. However, I don't have the time. After that, Mr. Damian accidentally fell, and his subordinates misjudged me. Brie appeared at the right time." 
She didn't point out Mr. Damian's shamelessness, but Winslow figured it out. 
###chapter1487
Chapter 1487 Shooting Himself in The Foot
He had known Mr. Damian for so many years. How could he not know what kind of a person Mr. Damian was? 
Mr. Damian cherished his life and was scared to die. 
So when he found out that he had been poisoned and there was someone with medical expertise before him, he would find a way to ask Elisa to stay and treat him. 
Although Winslow and Mr. Damian were good friends for many years, Mr. Damian was far less significant to Winslow when compared to Elisa. 
Winslow pulled Elisa to him. "It's alright if you're not free. We're not here to serve others!" 
Mr. Damian was enraged when he heard what Winslow said. 
He didn't expect Winslow to say that. With Winslow's position, he thought Winslow would stand on his side and help him after he explained it nicely. 
But he didn't think that Winslow would be so firm and blunt. 
Just as he was about to say something else, Winslow's hand fell on Elisa's shoulder, and his gaze was concerned. "Are you tired? If so, we can go back and rest." 
Winslow's intentions were clear. Even he didn't want to attend the dinner party any more. 
Elisa wasn't an oblivious person. She shook her head. "I'm alright, Uncle Winslow. Go ahead." 
"Brie, my stomach is feeling slightly unwell. Can you come with me to the washroom?" Elisa felt she shouldn't stay to prevent the two from arguing. 
Of course, Brie immediately obeyed Elisa's orders. 
Only Winslow and Mr. Damian were left in the private room. 
As Mr. Damian was about to say something, his cell phone vibrated. 
It was a call from the Fawler family. 
His face darkened when he heard it. 
The call didn't go on for long. Mr. Damian hung up first. 
After that, he apologized to Winslow politely. "I really didn't know she was your niece. I didn't do anything to her at the time. I just wanted her to stay and treat me. After that, she became emotional. I might have fallen on the floor because I'm weak from being poisoned, and my subordinates saw it, so they surrounded her because they thought she did something to me." 
"I admit that in that instant when my subordinates came, I wanted to take advantage of the situation to make her compromise, but Brie appeared, so I did nothing. We've been good friends for years. Since your niece can tell I've been poisoned, you won't watch me die, right?" 
Mr. Damian had a terrible expression. He sighed after he spoke. 
Winslow pursed his lips. He sneered coldly after listening to what Mr. Damian had to say. "Do you think it's alright to ignore others' intentions and force them to stay just because you cherish your life? What if it wasn't my niece? Would you have detained her?" 
He questioned Mr. Damian bluntly. 
Mr. Damian didn't justify his actions. He admitted his wrongdoing again and was polite before Winslow. 
He said, "I know I'm at fault. I can apologize to Elisa, but we've been good friends for years. She knows what to do. Don't tell me you'll look on unfeelingly and watch me die?" 
The wistfulness in Mr. Damian's words was apparent. 
He wouldn't have done such a thing if he had known she was Elisa Benett and was related to Winslow. 
He had shot himself in the foot.
###chapter1488
Chapter 1488 Lowlife Tricks?
Winslow was still indifferent. "Whether or not you survive, it's your life. If you hadn't met her, you would still be poisoned anyway. She just pointed it out. The people around you have hidden it from you. Damian, do you know you're emotionally blackmailing her?" 
After that, Winslow put his hands behind his back and wanted to turn and walk out. 
But Damian quickly stopped him. "Something happened to my nephew, Aaron, at KKCD Casino. With your current position, those people can't do anything to you. But you would get into trouble if they wanted to mess with you. With Elisa by your side now, are you sure she won't become your weak spot?" 
Damian pursed his lips and had a solemn expression. 
He had just received a call from Aaron's father, who was his older brother. He loved underground business transactions. 
On top of how Moranta wasn't as strict as Zovain, his brother had a lot of connections. 
He knew Winslow wasn't afraid of this. Even if his connections were enough to go up against Winslow, the problem was that it would require a lot of effort if they had a conflict. 
"So?" 
Winslow smiled coldly and asked Damian. 
Damian answered, "I'm not trying to barter with you. Even if Elisa didn't show up today, I would have told you this anyway. We've been good friends for so many years. I'll choose to stand by your side. But… Winslow, I'm just asking your niece to treat me. You don't have to be so petty, do you?" 
Winslow's thin lips were pursed, and his expression was indifferent. 
This wasn't about being petty. Damian had crossed a line. 
And now, Elisa was Winslow's bottom line. 
He wouldn't allow anyone to hurt Elisa. 
"But are you sure you can always protect Elisa?" 
After Damian said it, Winslow immediately realized something. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Brie were surrounded by people. 
Elisa's gaze darkened when she saw so many people before her. 
This dinner party was held by Damian. Damian and Winslow were good friends, and Brie was Winslow's trusted aide. 
What did this mean? 
The people surrounding her could be none other than Damian's subordinates. 
Did Damian do such a thing just so she would treat him? 
"Ms. Benett." 
A man walked forward from the middle and nodded at Elisa. He was very respectful towards her. 
But Brie was in front of Elisa. 
She had a dark expression, and her eyes were cold, stormy, and ominous. Her stance was clear. 
Elisa felt slightly amused. "I thought Mr. Damian was usually a forthright person. Where did his integrity go? Does he only know how to use these lowlife tricks behind the scenes?" 
She knew she wouldn't get hurt with her uncle's protection and Brie's defense. 
But she thought such actions were very shameless. 
"Ms. Benett, the Mr. Damian you mentioned is our boss' brother," the man immediately replied after hearing what Elisa said. 
But this puzzled Elisa. 
Who is Mr. Damian's brother? 
Or perhaps… other people found out that she discovered Mr. Damian had been poisoned for three years. 
So had Mr. Damian's brother poisoned him? Had he arranged for so many people to come and warn her not to meddle? 
When she thought about it, she frowned, and her heart sank. 
"Ms. Benett, you should mind your own business. You've detained our boss' son for so long. If you let him go, we can talk nicely." 
###chapter1489
Chapter 1489 I'll Defend Them Even If They're Wrong!
The man's thin lips slowly parted, and he expressed their true purpose. 
But this baffled Elisa. 
Since she came to Moranta, many things happened to her and Gareth. They had detained people, but she was clueless about the boss' son the man was talking about. 
Mr. Carrerra was an independent party from the Middle East. Eden and Irene weren't commoners either. 
Therefore, she was curious about the identity of the boss' son the man was talking about. 
Elisa furrowed her brows slightly. "You found the wrong person. I've never detained anyone." 
After that, she wanted to pull Brie away with her. 
But these people didn't plan on letting her go at all. The moment she stepped out, those people quickly surrounded her. 
Before Elisa could say anything, Brie's expression changed. She made the first move and kicked someone away. 
"You greet her respectfully, but you still have the nerve to come and stop her. I think everyone here must be bored with their lives!" 
Brie yelled angrily. She treated those people with disdain. 
Although Elisa didn't say anything, she was prepared to make a move at any time. 
Others surrounded them, but they didn't want to do anything. After Brie made the first move, the man gestured. 
This made the rest take a step back one by one. 
The man said, "Ms. Benett, didn't you and Gareth detain our boss' son on the day of the casino's party?" 
Elisa instantly understood when he said it. 
Their boss' son was the man who was by Nicole's side. 
After realizing who they were referring to, Elisa said coldly, "You should be looking for Gareth Wickam, not me." 
After that, Elisa turned and signaled Brie. 
But how could the man let Elisa go? 
He said, "Ms. Benett, aren't you working with Gareth Wickam?" 
At the next moment, other people surrounded Elisa and Brie again. 
When Brie was about to make a move against the man, Winslow's cold voice rang from afar. "Do you
think KKCD Casino is a playground?" 
He appeared, and Brie became bolder. 
She hooked the man's wrist and threw him viciously on the floor over her shoulder. 
Brie understood what to do with a glance from Winslow. 
But Damian stopped her just as she was about to deal with the other people. "Ms. Benett faced such a situation because I didn't control them well enough. Don't worry, Mr. Knowles. I will solve this and explain it to you." 
Damian declared his position confidently, but Winslow didn't care at all. 
"No need. I will deal with these people. If your brother asks about it, tell him to look for me." 
After that, Brie quickly pummeled the men. They were quickly defeated and lay on the floor. 
Damian didn't say anything. 
Winslow had many talented subordinates hidden strategically in KKCD Casino. From the looks of it, Winslow wasn't afraid of causing trouble. 
If he didn't know Elisa's identity, he would think Elisa was a femme fatale, just like everyone else. But now, he only cared about Elisa! 
"Go back and tell your boss not to mess with my people in the casino. I don't care how close he is to
those people. He shouldn't think he's all-powerful. If he hurts any of my people, I'll defend them even if they're wrong!"
###chapter1490
Chapter 1490 It Serves Him Right!
The man Brie had just knocked to the floor climbed up, and Winslow kicked him viciously again. 
After that, Winslow turned and glanced at Elisa and Brie. 
They quickly understood and followed. 
Damian knew that anything he said was useless at such a critical juncture. 
But he wouldn't give up his intentions of asking Elisa to treat him! 
"Go and tell my brother that if he wants Aaron to survive, he shouldn't make any more trouble at this crucial moment!" Damian said coldly to the man, who left with his subordinates. 
Winslow consoled Elisa on the way back. "There's nothing wrong if you insist on not treating him. Don't give in because of me. Although we've known each other for years, certain things won't be as simple once profit is involved." 
Winslow seemed very aloof at the end. 
He meant that he could be both good friends and enemies with Damian. 
However, it was better to have Winslow as a friend instead of an enemy. 
Even though Winslow didn't care about this, Elisa didn't want their friendship ruined because of her. 
"Uncle Winslow, I know you're protecting me. I've said all I've wanted to. Don't worry. I have my
principles. I don't want you to make an enemy because of me." 
She could tell that Winslow treated her well during this time, and she took note of it. 
It didn't mean she was cold and heartless, even if she didn't say anything. 
"Alright." 
Winslow nodded. He was pleased with Elisa's boldness, determination, and perseverance. 
They returned to the casino. 
Elisa wanted to look for Gareth, and Winslow didn't stop her. 
At the same time, he wanted Gareth to immediately let Mr. North go. 
Elisa was quite indifferent when she saw Gareth being detained. She even rolled her eyes at him when their gazes met. 
She had warned him earlier, but he didn't listen. 
It served him right now that he was faced with such a situation! 
But before Elisa could say anything, Winslow spoke up first. "Are you going to let Mr. North go?" 
Although Winslow didn't say much, the rage in his eyes was unmistakable. 
Elisa also glanced at Gareth. 
But Gareth said indifferently, "It's not that I'm unwilling to return him. I have no time to attend to other things simultaneously." 
Since Winslow had seen through his identity, he couldn't keep detaining Mr. North. 
Furthermore, he didn't have any ill feelings toward Winslow. Now that Gareth was detained here, he would be in dire straits if he insisted on detaining Mr. North. 
He understood his current circumstance. 
Elisa figured out his intentions as well. 
But she didn't say anything. She only glared at Gareth fiercely. 
He was discovered and detained. Isn't this what the stupid man deserves? 
She had arranged everything for him, but he was unwilling to leave. He had wanted to stay. After that, he even concocted a plan regarding Mr. North. 
He had gone beyond his capabilities. 
However, Winslow interrupted Elisa's thoughts. He said coldly to Gareth, "Where did you lock him up?" 
Winslow didn't plan on letting Gareth go to set Mr. North free. Winslow wanted to personally arrange for his people to free Mr. North. 
Gareth didn't hide it. He said honestly, "In an underground room in the villa." 
###chapter1491
Chapter 1491 Stop It!
After that, Gareth gave him the address. 
Winslow turned to look at Brie, and she quickly understood. 
At this time, Gareth said, "I will decide when to come and go." 
Winslow answered coldly, "Leave KKCD Casino now." 
Winslow did this for Elisa's sake and left Gareth a little dignity. Winslow would have long instructed his subordinates to throw him out if it were someone else. 
After that, Gareth was no longer detained by Winslow's subordinates. 
However, Gareth immediately walked to Elisa. 
Elisa looked at the silent Gareth and couldn't help but furrow her brows. But before she could say anything, Winslow stepped in front of Gareth. 
Winslow's expression was cold. "You've divorced. There's no need for you to stay around her." 
Gareth ignored what Winslow said and stared at Elisa. He wanted to see what she thought. 
Elisa didn't want him to stay, either. "Although you discovered certain things with Mr. North's identity, you don't know how to operate the specifics. Gareth, you can't help me at all if you stay." 
Moreover, Elisa had a chilly attitude. She didn't want to be involved with Gareth any longer. 
But Gareth was persistent. "If you don't let me stay and do this, how do you know I can't help you if I stay?" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
From the looks of it, Gareth was exceptionally confident with his abilities! 
Elisa was frustrated and weary. "I don't need you to help me with anything. Quickly go home and visit Grandma. I can deal with things here alone. Can you not be so stubborn, Gareth?" 
She didn't know what the stupid man was thinking. He used to turn a deaf ear to her in the past, but he was insistent on helping her now. 
If not for his denial, she would really suspect that he… 
But Gareth disagreed. "I'm not being stubborn. It's just tit for tat." 
Elisa was flabbergasted. 
She wanted to retort. What do you mean by tit for tat? Seriously? Can you speak nicely?! 
Winslow pulled Elisa to one side. "You don't have to waste your time with him. Just knock him out and send him back. If he dares to badger you anymore, ignore him. I'll deal with him!" 
With his identity, Winslow called the shots. 
Furthermore, it involved Elisa. 
However, Gareth felt the relationship between Elisa and Winslow was strange. 
He ignored Winslow. His dark and deep gaze still fell on Elisa. 
Although Gareth didn't say anything, Elisa understood what he meant. He wanted to talk things over with her. 
But Elisa didn't want to, because she had said everything she needed to. Gareth was just being stubborn. 
Therefore, Elisa chose to ignore him at that moment. 
Winslow made a move, and Gareth resisted. 
Elisa was slightly exasperated when she heard a noise. 
She roared, "Stop it, Gareth Wickam!" 
However, it was no use. Gareth didn't stop because she spoke up. 
Gareth told Winslow coldly, "I can leave KKCD Casino, but you have no way to interfere in my coming and going." 
This was Gareth's stance. 
It made Winslow pull back. 
Winslow nodded to Gareth and gestured in the direction of the door. 
###chapter1492
Chapter 1492 Hidden Motives
Since Gareth had said such things, he certainly wouldn't stay back shamelessly. 
But Gareth said to Elisa, "Elisa, come with me. I have to make certain things clear to you. And you've started treating me. You're not going to give up halfway, are you?" 
Upon hearing it, Elisa was quiet and didn't say anything. 
But her feet moved, and her actions spoke for themselves. 
Winslow knew he couldn't stop her, so he could only arrange for his other subordinates to follow her. After all, those people would constantly watch over her in her current situation. 
When Elisa approached Gareth, her hand immediately fell on Gareth's pulse. 
The medicine remnants in his body were still evident, but his pulse was much more tense than when he was poisoned. 
Elisa furrowed her brows and regarded him with disdain. "If you follow Thomas back to the country, at least he can make up my prescription if anything happens to you." 
Although other people could also do it, they were in a foreign land, and Thomas had made up her prescription for Gareth several times. 
Gareth frowned and looked solemn. "Elisa, you have your opinion, and I have my thoughts. I can't abandon my principles." 
"Huh?" 
Elisa was amused when she heard what he said. "I don't understand. What kind of a principle are you sticking to by staying?" 
"If you're saying I helped you, didn't you also help me a few times? And I've clarified that I'm helping with Ganoderma Caligo for Grandma." 
Elisa had a solemn attitude when she spoke. 
But speaking of the devil, she received a call from Julia. 
Like in the past, Julia called Elisa's cell phone and asked politely, "Liz, you lost touch with me again. How are you? Are you okay?" 
"How is the brat, Gareth? Why haven't you two sent me any news? Your Grandpa and I are getting worried at home!" 
As Julia spoke, she sighed heavily. Her despair and worry were particularly obvious. 
Elisa was slightly exasperated. 
But she had turned on the loudspeaker immediately after she answered the call. 
She gestured for Gareth to speak. 
He understood and quickly said, "We're doing good. I've instructed Thomas to return first. Liz and I will
stay back. We still have things to do." 
Julia had deliberately called Elisa to bring her and Gareth closer together, and Julia was now hearing Gareth's voice. 
Her eyes lit up immediately, and she said happily, "I see. It's alright if you're busy. Don't forget to call in the meantime. I have to attend the wedding of your distant cousin in a week. Can you make it back in time?" 
Julia was asking about their schedule. 
Elisa answered bluntly yet tactfully. "Grandma, we can't make it back. Moreover, it's the wedding of Gareth's distant cousin. With me and Gareth's current relationship, who am I to attend the wedding?" 
Gareth wouldn't attend his distant cousin's wedding, so why should Elisa attend? 
Julia had hidden motives. 
She turned stern. "If an old woman like me doesn't comment about your relationship with Gareth, what can they say? If they dare to gossip, I won't go!" 
###chapter1493
Chapter 1493 Gareth!
Julia snorted coldly and expressed her thoughts. 
But in reality, whether Julia attended had nothing to do with Elisa. Elisa and Gareth were divorced, and the two were no longer involved with each other. 
Elisa was only helping because of her affection for Julia. 
However, Elisa spoke nicely to Julia. "Grandma, I'm swamped and can't return. I'll visit you when I'm back, alright? I'll call you when I'm free. Sometimes when you call, it's not that Gareth and I deliberately ignore you. It's that we are occupied with other things." 
She seemed to be explaining things to Julia, but actually, Julia didn't call them much. Furthermore, when she did, she could almost always reach them. 
She couldn't quite keep her composure when she heard what Elisa said. 
But if she could play matchmaker by trying her luck, she would do it! 
"Mm. Go ahead. I'll wait for you to come back." Julia didn't say anything else. She quickly hung up after that. 
Gareth didn't say much during the call. 
Julia's intentions were clear. Gareth was also honest. 
Elisa didn't want to discuss it with him any longer. "The man with Nicole is a Fawler. Whether you go
back or not, you have to release him." 
After all, they were in a foreign land. It was better not to make trouble. 
Gareth didn't plan on releasing Aaron. He sneered coldly. "Do you think I'm scared, Elisa?" 
He wasn't afraid. 
But it wasn't good to be in too much trouble. 
Elisa didn't want to say anything else when she saw Gareth's attitude. "Since you're so fearless, don't listen to me. Just stay away from me!" 
Elisa pushed him away coldly. 
Gareth wrinkled his brows, and his expression was faintly impatient. "Do you dislike me so much?" 
"Should I not dislike you? Gareth Wickam, you have your plans, and I have my ways. I'm not underestimating you. I just don't want to become entangled with you." 
"You're in no place to care about what I do. Even if you were, I could turn you down as coldly as you did to me, right?" 
"So you're holding a grudge?" 
The two argued and bickered with each other. Ultimately, Gareth frowned, and his expression grew impatient and icy. 
Elisa smiled. "So what if I am? I lived like that for the three years we were married, and all you gave me were divorce papers. Do you think I have no complaints?" 
"Watch out!" 
Gareth pushed Elisa forcefully, and in that instant, he seemed to lose his balance and fall on Elisa. 
Elisa felt Gareth's weight as he fell on her. She also immediately smelled the strong scent of blood. 
After that, she noticed fresh blood streaming from Gareth's arm. 
Her expression changed. "Gareth!" 
She instantly grabbed him and asked passersby to help. 
He… Why did he take a bullet for me at this time? Is he mad?! 
The shooter had the nerve to use a silencer in KKCD Casino and shoot directly at Elisa. How much did the shooter want her to die? 
Elisa's shouts quickly attracted many subordinates in KKCD. To her surprise, Gareth slumped on her further and pinned her to the floor. 
'Bang!' 
It was another shot! 
The shooter completely disregarded KKCD's rules. 
###chapter1494
Chapter 1494 Hold On!
Gareth suddenly groaned dully. 
Elisa was stunned. 
D*mn it! 
She didn't care about anything else and held Gareth tightly. Her expression was complicated. "Hold on!" 
How can KKCD let that person go? The people that Elisa had called over immediately scattered and started searching. They didn't miss a single corner. 
The mass movement lured Winslow out of the room. 
When he opened the door, he saw Elisa pinned to the floor by Gareth with his arms around her neck. 
Just as Winslow was about to do something, Elisa quickly got up. 
Men and women had different strengths. It seemed very strenuous for her to pull Gareth up. 
But she was afraid the hidden shooter would shoot again while they were unprepared, so she could only drag Gareth into a room. At this time, she noticed Winslow at the side. 
At that moment, it was as though she saw her savior. "Uncle Winslow, quickly help me…" 
Her voice was hoarse. 
As for Gareth, his face was pale, and he had a deep frown. 
Winslow saw the blood-soaked spots on Gareth's chest and arm. He also smelled the strong scent of blood permeating the air. 
Gareth was severely hurt. He couldn't have been putting on an act. 
Winslow had a solemn expression and immediately went forward to help. They quickly helped Gareth to the room and lay him on the couch. 
Elisa didn't think much. She immediately half-knelt on the floor, so it was convenient for her to check Gareth's injuries. But her posture immediately made Winslow's expression turn nasty. 
She had previously expressed clearly that she wouldn't be involved with Gareth, but her subconscious reaction still prioritized Gareth! 
As for Gareth… 
His gaze, everything that had happened today, his severe injuries, and how Elisa was unharmed made everything clear. 
The two just needed a breakthrough! 
Winslow wrinkled his brows slightly. After thinking, he said in a low voice, "Liz, there's a doctor in the casino. I can get…" 
"Uncle Winslow, I can deal with this. And I've looked at him. In his current condition, I need to immediately take the bullets out of him to stop the bleeding!" 
Before Winslow could finish speaking, Elisa interrupted him. Her voice was urgent, but she didn't notice it. 
Winslow didn't say anything else. 
Even though he hadn't spent much time with Elisa, he understood her temperament well. She wouldn't easily change her mind regarding things she had decided. 
And as her uncle, he had to quickly help her. 
He immediately instructed people to bring and prepare equipment, instruments, and medicine. 
He even instructed the doctor in the casino to act as Elisa's assistant. Although the doctor was displeased, he didn't dare to say anything because it was Winslow's order. 
After Winslow finished arranging everything, he made room for them and left. 
… 
Three minutes later, Winslow entered a room. 
Someone stood respectfully next to him and reported to him. "Boss, the shooter behind the scenes shot himself. His identity is unknown. No identifying documents or cell phone were on him." 
A cold smile was in the corners of Winslow's mouth. "If there weren't any identifying documents, investigate. Could he have appeared out of thin air? Investigate Eden, Irene, Mr. Carrerra, and the Fawler family!" 
Since Elisa had come to Moranta, these people were always around her, especially Eden and Irene. Their intentions were clear.
###chapter1495
Chapter 1495 At Least For Now
Thomas had taken Ganoderma Caligo with him. Gareth wasn't the target of the attack. 
If he was, the bullet would have passed through Gareth's head. The shooter wouldn't have fired two consecutive shots. 
This meant that the shooter was annoyed at Gareth, who was protecting Elisa, and the shooter wanted to kill them both with one shot. The shooter's target was Elisa, whom Gareth had saved! 
But Winslow wasn't someone to be messed with. Someone had dared to make trouble in his territory and had the nerve to make a move against someone he was protecting. No matter who the person was, they had to suffer the price of enraging him! 
Soon, Brie brought Mr. North back. 
Mr. North knelt before Winslow and admitted his mistake remorsefully. "Boss, I'm sorry. I neglected my job, and it caused Gareth to disguise himself as me and infiltrate KKCD…" 
"What happened to you?" Mr. North's voice made Winslow suspicious. 
If Mr. North didn't do anything wrong, but Gareth made a move and hurt him badly, Winslow would defend Mr. North mainly because Mr. North worked for him. 
Even if Gareth… 
Mr. North hung his head and pursed his lips. He said hoarsely, "I was incompetent and inferior to Gareth as he locked me in an underground room. I was unwilling to be trapped by Gareth, so I bit my
tongue to force Gareth to come and see me. Even if I were to die, I would never let Gareth use my identity to do anything!" 
But he never thought that everything he did was futile. Gareth wasn't affected at all. 
He had even heard that Gareth used his identity to do many things in KKCD. If Brie hadn't brought him back today, Gareth would have used Mr. North's identity to go to Estoccia tomorrow! 
"Boss, please allow me to kill Gareth Wickam!" 
Mr. North clenched his fists, and his gaze was determined. 
He had fallen for Gareth's trap and naturally wanted to vent! 
But Winslow sneered disdainfully. "Gareth Wickam is so powerful that even I must be apprehensive, but you? You want to kill Gareth? If you were a worthy match for Gareth, would you be in such a situation now?" 
Winslow stood with his hands behind his back and had a nasty expression. 
Mr. North didn't say anything. He looked at Winslow in disbelief. 
Because to him, his boss, Winslow, always had a divine existence. Otherwise, how could Winslow have developed KKCD to such an extent today? 
And now his boss was saying that Gareth was so powerful that he even had to be careful. How can this be?! 
"Boss, you…" 
Winslow scoffed coldly. "You still don't believe me?" 
Mr. North didn't say a word. He really didn't believe Winslow. 
Winslow said indifferently, "You don't know Gareth well. If not for Elisa, would he still be apprehensive? He doesn't even care about KKCD Casino, let alone a small fry like you! Don't forget how the situation was when Gareth and Elisa first entered the casino." 
Mr. North didn't say a word, but the scene at the time subconsciously appeared in his mind. 
He couldn't deny that Gareth and Elisa had excellent luck when they entered the casino and won. They knew the rules of KKCD Casino but still made themselves the public enemy. 
Gareth showed no regard for the casino back then, let alone currently. 
"Don't tell me we must treat Gareth as an honored guest?" Mr. North was incensed when Gareth was mentioned. 
Winslow pursed his lips and said, "At least for now." 
As much as he disliked Gareth, Gareth was now injured. 
###chapter1496
Chapter 1496 Almost Made Her Cry
Especially when they had feelings for each other. How could Elisa allow Gareth, who was injured, to leave? 
Moreover, Gareth was injured because of Elisa. 
Mr. North didn't say anything but was filled with displeasure for Gareth. 
He had been by Winslow's side for so many years. How could Winslow not understand what Mr. North was thinking about? 
Winslow pulled Mr. North up and said in a low voice, "Learn from your mistakes and don't make such a blunder in the future. You better control yourself with Gareth. Don't get killed!" 
Winslow didn't want Mr. North to do anything useless or silly. 
Mr. North was naturally willing to listen to Winslow's warning. 
But he couldn't accept Gareth's actions! 
Even if he wasn't a match for Gareth and couldn't compete with Gareth in various aspects. 
But he had to try! 
What if he could do it? 
Winslow didn't say anything else to Mr. North. He only patted Mr. North's shoulder. "Rest well." 
On Gareth's end. 
Elisa gave him anesthetic and quickly removed the bullet from his shoulder. 
But as for the bullet in his chest… 
Elisa noticed that it was close to his heart. Although the designated KKCD doctor was around to help her, their surrounding conditions weren't equipped for major surgery. 
It would cause a post-surgery infection and other complications if not dealt with properly. 
Furthermore, the drug remnants in Gareth's system had yet to be eliminated. She furrowed her brows tightly, and her face was cold. 
"Are you okay, Gareth?" She only gave him local anesthesia and removed the bullet from his arm. With the other bullet's position in his chest, she had to quickly remove the other shell from his body. 
Gareth's voice wasn't as stable as usual but still discernible. "I'm alright. I trust you. You can operate here." 
If they didn't move and stayed in KKCD Casino, people would still protect Elisa. 
If they left, what if those people came back stronger? 
He also feared that Elisa would be hurt or get into an accident. 
After all, those people had made a move and wanted to kill her on KKCD's territory. Without his prior training and sensitivity to the sounds of silencers, Elisa would have died by now! 
However, the doctor at the side didn't recommend it. "It's not fully equipped here. My office is on the fifth floor. Although the patient must suffer a little and endure for a while, it's better if we head there now!" 
Gareth grabbed Elisa's hand tightly and said firmly, "We don't have to move. You can do it here. I trust you." 
It would take at least a few minutes to move. Many things could happen. He wasn't healthy enough to protect her, so he had to eliminate any possibility of an accident! 
Elisa sensed his resolve. They hadn't interacted in a long time, and Elisa was also aware of the iciness in his palm. 
His hand used to be warm… 
"Gareth, you could have left and ignored me. You…" Elisa's voice was hoarse, and the corners of her eyes filled with tears. 
Her heart hurt. It was as though someone was torturing her repeatedly. 
The usual solemn and indifferent Gareth slowly revealed a smile at this time. 
He said, "We came together, so we must leave together. We're husband and wife. How can I ignore you? Start the surgery. There's no time." 
This almost made Elisa cry. 
###chapter1497
Chapter 1497 Whatever It Takes?
However, his last sentence prompted her. 
There's no time. I have to operate quickly! 
Elisa held his hand tightly and seemed to be declaring her position explicitly. "Don't worry, Gareth. I won't let you die!" 
With the doctor's help, Elisa gave Gareth general anesthesia. 
Although the conditions were simple and crude, Elisa was methodical, and her actions were professional. 
The surgery went on for more than an hour. Elisa completed the surgery impeccably by removing the bullet and sewing him up. 
Even the doctor at the side unconsciously gasped in surprise. "Your… Your professional standards are as good as the most prestigious medical professor in Moranta. You… May I ask which hospital you work at?" 
The doctor's gaze was filled with admiration for Elisa. 
He thought his skills were above average. But after meeting Elisa today, he realized that he paled in comparison. 
If it were him, he wouldn't dare to do such a major surgery under such circumstances! 
"I'm not working in a hospital. I have to deal with some things. Stay here and observe Gareth's condition." Elisa removed her gloves and mask. 
After removing the bullet, Gareth had to be given medicine to reduce inflammation and stabilize his condition. 
"Alright." 
The doctor nodded. 
But before he could ask anything else, Elisa had left the room. 
As he looked at the unconscious Gareth, the doctor saw his reflection and had a strange expression. 
Oh, my god. He was a specially hired doctor by KKCD, but he was now an assistant and nurse? 
But that woman was outstanding! He was willing to do it! 
When Elisa was done with her matters, he had to learn from her! 
… 
When Elisa left the room, she saw Brie. 
Before Elisa could ask, Brie walked to her and greeted her. "This way, Ms. Benett." 
"Mm." Elisa nodded and followed Brie. 
Soon, Brie brought her to another room. Elisa saw many people on guard on the way there. 
When she opened the door and entered, she saw Winslow sitting on a genuine leather couch. 
Winslow's brows wrinkled when he noticed her. "Brie, find Elisa a new outfit." 
He noticed the bloodstains on Elisa. 
Elisa looked down because of what he said. 
But it wasn't a problem for her. She cared most about who wanted her to die so badly! 
She asked directly, "Uncle Winslow, do you know anything about Eden and the person named Irene? Under such a situation, they'll keep targeting me if I do nothing." 
They could be hidden somewhere and keep thinking of ways to kill her. Besides knowing they wanted to kill her, she was clueless about everything else. 
And another important point. Why were they in such a hurry to kill her that they would do whatever it took? 
Winslow understood everything Elisa was asking and what she was confused about. 
Upon seeing her like that, Winslow wanted to say something but stopped. In the end, he chose to hide it from her. 
"Your presence must have threatened them. Look at your outstanding medical skills. Even Damian wants you to be his private doctor. Perhaps you're involved with them somehow." Winslow pursed his lips and could only explain to Elisa in such a way. 
###chapter1498
Chapter 1498 What Kind of Therapy Is This?
Elisa kept quiet. 
She couldn't deny such a situation. After all, Eden was the prince of Estoccia. As for Irene, Elisa had yet to investigate her. 
But she should have a similar position to Eden. 
Upon seeing her silent, Winslow quickly said, "You don't know their identities or the person behind them. You better not act blindly without thinking. I've instructed people to follow up on my side. I'll inform you immediately once there are results. Rest in the casino, look after Gareth, and treat him." 
It wasn't like Elisa to be unconcerned or not care. 
She shook her head. "Uncle Winslow, I know you don't want me to take risks, but this involves me. How can I not deal with it personally?" 
She wasn't a coward! 
Moreover, she had a premonition. 
There was no need for Eden and Irene to kill her for her medical skills. 
Because no one was asking her to treat them. She was also swamped recently and wasn't in the mood. 
When she pondered further, she thought it might be because of her mother, who had been missing for
many years and whose whereabouts were unknown. 
Elisa raised her head when she thought of it. 
She didn't say anything and only looked at Winslow quietly. After that, she slowly said clearly, "Uncle Winslow, I don't think it's so simple. Tell me honestly. What position does the Knowles family have in Estoccia?" 
Why else would Winslow think that her father was common and look down on him? 
Back in her country, Benett Corporation had a decent standing. 
Winslow was surprised when he heard what Elisa said. 
He never thought Elisa would ask him so directly. But then again, it was a critical moment, and Elisa was brilliant. 
It was an advantage that she had such awareness. 
But from the current situation and her personality, it would be better for her to know less. Otherwise… 
"What position can we have? If we were in an important position, would I still set up a casino in Moranta?" Winslow laughed lightly and tried to avoid the topic to dispel Elisa's doubts. 
After that, he added, "Perhaps it's for the reason I mentioned. Maybe it's not Eden and Irene. You better tell Gareth to let the Fawler son go." 
It was Gareth's problem if he didn't want to let Aaron go. Winslow initially didn't have to care. 
But such a thing happening before them made Winslow realize that if Gareth didn't let Aaron go, it might implicate Elisa. 
Elisa nodded. 
After her guess was refuted, Elisa returned to Gareth's side. 
She pulled a chair, sat by his side, and kept watch. Even when Brie sent over clothes and food, Elisa had no desire to eat or change. 
And Elisa noticed that Gareth had a weak pulse. 
His breathing was feeble as well. 
In his current situation, he could only be put on a ventilator. His condition had to be monitored at all times. 
Elisa feared something would happen to him, so she gave him a cardiovascular pill she had developed. 
After that, she massaged parts of his body and his fingertips. 
When the doctor saw all this, he was astonished. "Ms. Benett, what kind of therapy is this?" 
"He needs to rest right now. I'll look after him. You can go." Elisa said indifferently. She wasn't in the mood to answer his doubts. 
The doctor sensed Elisa's mood and didn't say anything else. 
###chapter1499
Chapter 1499 She Wasn't the Least Bit Inferior to the Man!
He could only leave the room according to Elisa's wishes. 
But he met people he knew at the door, Brie and Mr. North. 
He secretly asked them, "Who is Ms. Benett?" 
He always stayed in his office. If someone was hurt in the casino, they would be sent to him so he could help them. Otherwise, he would read medical books in his office. He didn't know much about what went on outside. 
"The boss' niece." 
Brie answered. 
Niece?! 
Oh my god! 
But before the doctor could finish exclaiming, Mr. North pulled him to one side. 
Mr. North asked with a frown, "How is the man's condition? Is he about to die?" 
"How can that be? Ms. Benett's medical skills truly amazed me. With her around, he won't die!" 
Mr. North was dumbstruck. 
"Don't worry!" 
Mr. North was flabbergasted. 
Why would I worry?! 
He felt incredibly defeated. He wouldn't get an opportunity if Elisa stayed by Gareth's side. 
But the doctor saw Mr. North's expression. "What's up with you? Since she's the boss' niece, isn't he the boss' nephew-in-law? But from the looks of it, you seem unhappy that he's doing well." 
Mr. North immediately rebuked him. "Stop talking nonsense." 
Elisa wouldn't let Gareth die, so Mr. North naturally didn't want her to hear such things. 
Otherwise, Elisa would look for him. 
His boss cared for Elisa so much. He could no longer stay in the casino if she said anything to Winslow. 
The doctor didn't say anything else. 
On another end. 
At the moment, Eden and Irene were on a farm in the suburbs. 
Thankfully, a kind family had offered them shelter. 
They had no cell phones, money, or staff with them. Ultimately, they were located by members of the royal country of both countries. 
They were taken back, and both were treated with disdain. 
Eden was severely rebuked. 
"You need to know your place! You'd be worthless without the princess, let alone your current position!" 
Standing before Eden was his adoptive mother's trusted aide. 
This couldn't be compared to when Eden dealt with the subordinate. 
Even if Eden was annoyed by it, he could only hold it in. 
He stayed quiet. 
But the man continued. "This is the last chance the princess is giving you. If you don't deal with Elisa within three days, she will personally make a move. The princess also told me to tell you that you'll lose everything if she personally sets out." 
After the man spoke to Eden, he threw a cell phone and gun at Eden. 
Eden didn't say anything, but the malice in his eyes was evident. 
If he didn't take revenge for the humiliation he had suffered in KKCD Casino, he would be doing himself
a disservice. 
Especially… 
Gareth and Elisa! 
As for Irene. 
She was also chided. "In any case, you're the princess of a country. Look at what you've become now. What benefits have hanging around Eden brought you? Do you want to be with him?" 
A middle-aged woman stood before Irene. 
But the woman took good care of herself and had a dignified air to her. 
The woman had her hands behind her. Her stern expression wasn't the least bit inferior to the man who had rebuked Eden! 
Irene immediately denied it. "Why would I want to be with him?" 
###chapter1500
Chapter 1500 Passionately and Deeply in Love
Eden was adopted. He wasn't the true heir of his country. 
What Irene wanted wasn't love. It was power! 
The middle-aged woman sized Irene up. 
After a while, the middle-aged woman said coldly, "Since you don't want to be with him, don't embarrass the royal family outside! If you continue doing as you please, the king won't forgive you! If that happens, don't blame the eldest princess for not protecting you!" 
Irene didn't say anything but was sure of one thing in her heart. 
She would only have the power she wanted when she sat on the throne. 
Her people would pledge allegiance to her, and she would be all-powerful. She wouldn't need anyone to protect her! 
Therefore, Eden stayed back. 
Irene returned to her country, 
Irene glanced at Eden before leaving. 
But Eden didn't pay any attention to her. 
He had lost all desire to work together with Irene. 
At that moment, he cared more about Elisa. 
Therefore, he called her. 
Elisa had a cold expression, and her heart sank when she saw it was a call from Eden. 
"What's your purpose?" 
Eden called right after something had happened to Gareth. She wouldn't believe it if this had nothing to do with Eden. 
Eden laughed lightly, and a malicious smile appeared in the corner of his mouth. "Pfft! What purpose do I have? I missed you, so I called you. But you're in luck. You found such a good patron to protect and help you. You've already forgotten about me in just a few short hours. How can anyone be as ruthless as you, Liz?" 
Eden suddenly felt aggrieved as he spoke. 
He didn't mention his true purpose at all, nor did he bring up Gareth. 
Elisa was baffled when she saw Gareth with his tightly shut eyes and pale face. 
She recalled the past few times when Eden had faced her and Gareth angrily with a gun pointed at them, but he had never pulled the trigger. 
She was curious about his true motive. 
She didn't want to get entangled in too much nonsense with Eden. 
Her face was icy. "Is Irene really trying to kill me? Eden, in any case, you're the prince of Estoccia. You've seen many tricks over the past few years, right? Stop pretending to be an onlooker! Why did you and Irene appear around me?" 
"Which identity of mine will benefit you?" 
Elisa wasn't in the mood and had lost her patience. 
Eden knew how intelligent Elisa was. If it went on, it wouldn't be long until Elisa found out the truth! 
But it wouldn't be fun to let her know now. 
Eden pretended to be clueless and at a loss. Instead, he questioned her. "If you don't know, how would I know?" 
"Eden, I don't have the strength to talk nonsense with you. Was it you or Irene who tried to kill me in KKCD?" Elisa wrinkled her brows. Her eyes were pitch black and shrewd. 
She would never have asked him these questions if Eden hadn't called her. 
But Eden had called her. 
Furthermore, investigating him wasn't as fast as asking him personally! 
But Eden denied it flatly. "You know what situation Irene and I are in. We're exiled. How can we be capable of arranging for people to kill you? Moreover, I like you so much. How can I bear to kill you?" 
When Eden said it, he looked passionately and deeply in love. 
But how could Elisa believe him?
###chapter1501
Chapter 1501 Immensely Possessive
Elisa narrowed her eyes and asked, "If it was neither of you, who else wants to kill me?" 
Mr. Carrerra? 
No way! 
Mr. Carrerra was prejudiced and debased. 
But he wouldn't kill someone so quickly without torturing them to his heart's content. 
Furthermore, no matter how incensed he was, he would hold back for Winslow's sake and wouldn't go overboard in the casino. 
But the shooter had fired two consecutive shots and killed himself. Elisa felt that the person behind the scenes was someone powerful. 
If it wasn't Eden, it was… 
Eden pursed his lips and made a sound. It interrupted Elisa's thoughts. 
"You can suspect us, but we have the right to explain ourselves. Elisa, if I wanted you dead, you would have died long ago when Irene's people took you away." 
"Irene and I are helpless and miserable. If you don't believe me, you can ask the casino boss. Didn't he arrange for people to personally follow us?" 
Before Elisa could answer, Eden asked another question. 
Elisa immediately kept quiet. 
If it's not them or Mr. Carrerra, who can it be? 
Don't tell me there's someone more powerful? 
Elisa grew curious when she thought about it. 
What about her was worth so much that all these people tormented her and wanted to eliminate her? 
However, no one could answer her question. 
Right now, she couldn't investigate immediately. 
Eden knew Elisa was pondering. 
He hesitated momentarily and asked Elisa, "If you want to find out, why don't you come with me? I'll take you somewhere." 
"No need." 
Elisa turned him down without thinking. 
Under such circumstances, she would never follow Eden. 
Before he could say anything else, she hung up. 
After that, she continued watching over Gareth. 
Little did she expect her cell phone to ring again. 
She thought it was Eden again, so she answered without looking at her screen and spoke impatiently. 
"Didn't I say there's no need? Are you done, Eden?" 
On the other end, Will furrowed his brows and was worried when he heard her say an unfamiliar man's name and sensed her impatience. 
"Did something happen, Liz? Who is Eden?" 
He was supposed to come along to the auction in Moranta this time. 
But an emergency unexpectedly happened in the Darcey family. 
He couldn't join her because he had to deal with it. 
And now, Thomas had returned with Ganoderma Caligo, but she was still nowhere to be seen, so he couldn't help but worry. 
Elisa was slightly surprised. She immediately glanced at her cell phone and realized it was Will's number. She wrinkled her brows slightly and was annoyed at herself for being so distracted. 
Elisa's gaze dimmed slightly. "I'm sorry. I didn't look at the caller ID." 
"It's fine. I'm more concerned about what trouble you're in. Who is Eden?" Will didn't care if Elisa had lost her temper with him. 
Because he could accept her and love every part of her. 
However, he could hear that something was wrong. 
Elisa didn't want him to worry, so she wanted to avoid the topic. 
"He's just an annoying troublemaker." 
But Will didn't believe her. 
Furthermore, Elisa had Gareth around her. 
Gareth was an immensely possessive person. With him around, how could such a person appear around Elisa? 
###chapter1502
Chapter 1502 Wouldn't Help In The Slightest
Therefore, it only meant one thing. The man called Eden was evenly matched with Gareth! 
Gareth and Elisa hadn't immediately returned to the country, so they must have met with trouble there. 
When Will realized it, he spoke openly. "Liz, tell me where you are. I'll come at once." 
Will would always keep his word. 
Elisa answered calmly, "I'm almost done with everything here. I'll come back once Gareth and I are done. You don't have to come and help." 
Gareth had taken two bullets for her. If something also happened to Will when he came here, she would be swamped looking after the two of them. 
"Liz, how are…" 
Before Will could finish, Elisa immediately said, "I'm good. I'll call you once I'm back. I have something to do, so I'll hang up." 
Will's handsome face was solemn and silent on the other end of the phone. 
After Elisa hung up, she was about to keep her cell phone, but her eyes met Gareth's clear gaze. 
She was slightly astonished. "When did you wake up? How do you feel?" 
She had a complicated expression when faced with the man before her. He had taken such a risk for
her. Was he… worried about her? Or… was he afraid that no one would cure Grandma if she died? 
It was rare for Gareth to see the concern and a moment's hesitation in her eyes. 
But the next moment, he noticed Elisa's expression was intertwined with suspicion. 
Elisa didn't realize it. On the other hand, Gareth had exceptional drug tolerance. 
He had been administered local and general anesthesia but had quickly woken up! 
She felt that Gareth could test drugs for her with his body once he recovered! 
Gareth caught a glimpse of her thoughts from her eyes. 
He scoffed softly. "Are you afraid you can't find anyone to test drugs for you? You just need to say the word." 
Will would be first in line, and Eden would be second. 
And five of Mr. Carrerra's subordinates that she had incited to rebel against their boss! 
Elisa looked at him, slightly surprised. "Gareth, why do you sound so jealous?" 
She had just been on the phone with Will. 
She hadn't said much. Even if Gareth can tell what I'm thinking about, why is he jealous? 
Gareth kept quiet, but his thin lips were pursed tightly into a straight line. 
"If you have the strength to lose your temper, you might as well preserve it and rest well." 
Elisa rolled her eyes at him and didn't want to speak to him too much. She still had complicated feelings and didn't dare to look at him for too long. She turned and looked at her cell phone. 
At this time, Gareth suddenly realized something. 
If Thomas were here, the current atmosphere wouldn't be so tense. 
Gareth pursed his lips and brushed away his frosty and displeased feelings. 
"It hurts." 
"Of course, it hurts. You've been through two surgeries. According to my calculations, you should have woken up tomorrow afternoon, at the very least. But now it's… four in the morning. If you don't want to die, Gareth Wickam, you should shut up and go to sleep!" 
She didn't want to argue with him at this critical juncture. 
However, Gareth deliberately said, "Elisa Benett, in any case, I'm your savior. Is this how you treat me?" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She turned to stare at him. 
She feigned disdain. "Can you speak nicely, Gareth? You can only ride it out if it hurts. This is normal post-surgery. Giving you a painkiller now wouldn't help in the slightest."
###chapter1503
Chapter 1503 He Would Never Release the Man!
"Mm." Gareth nodded in response. Although he had good drug tolerance, his body displayed genuine reactions. 
He was swollen, and his voice was weak and hoarse. 
"Stop talking and rest. I'll be here." Elisa didn't continue bickering with him. After that, she leaned back in her chair. 
She was also sleepy at this time. 
Gareth didn't say anything. 
For some reason, he felt unbelievably calm after what Elisa said. 
He even… felt indescribably at ease. 
He couldn't move now and couldn't pull Elisa to him. 
In the end, after hesitating, he said to Elisa, "Sleep beside me." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
She suddenly sat up and looked at him in disbelief. 
In the three years they were married, they rarely met. 
Everyone knew how much he hated her. 
They had barely spoken while they were married for three years. 
The only time they had… She didn't know how much he had loathed and detested her then. 
Now that Gareth had taken the initiative to say such a thing to her, she felt that the sun would rise from the west. 
"Gareth, you were shot twice, but your mind wasn't affected." 
Elisa wrinkled her brows tightly and looked at Gareth closely. 
Mm. This is Gareth. He's real. 
Just as she was about to say something, Gareth slowly started speaking and interrupted her. 
"You operated on me twice, and you've been staying by my side. You must be tired. And you must be worried about leaving me alone in my current condition, right?" 
She couldn't deny that what Gareth said was reasonable and fair. 
She was tired. Moreover, she wasn't confident enough to leave Gareth alone. 
Elisa silently sighed at how much effort he was exerting to speak. "Stop wasting your strength talking. I'll stay with you for the next few days. I won't go anywhere but won't sleep next to you. After all, men and women should have boundaries." 
Gareth's gaze dimmed slightly. His expression would have turned cold in the past, but not this time. After what had happened, he was more certain about something. 
He couldn't lose her. 
But just as he was about to speak, Elisa said, "Although you were injured because of me, I have to make things clear to you. We were a couple in the past, but we've divorced. We were only husband and wife in the past." 
"What you need most right now is rest. Don't overthink or lose your temper." 
Elisa urged him in the end. 
Gareth didn't answer, and Elisa didn't say anything else. 
Therefore, the room was hushed. 
Gareth could even hear the soft sounds of the liquid medicine dripping. 
But Elisa suddenly thought of something and broke the silence. 
"By the way, Gareth, I suddenly remembered something. When I attended the dinner party with Uncle Winslow, I met a relative of the man by Nicole's side. The man's family looks very powerful. We're in Moranta. I suggest that you let the man go as soon as possible!" 
Although Gareth's thoughts were interrupted by Elisa, he turned her down bluntly after hearing what
she had to say. 
"No." 
Gareth had never feared anyone, including the man by Nicole's side. He wouldn't let Aaron go! 
Elisa choked at Gareth's words.
###chapter1504
Chapter 1504 He's Out Of His Mind!
This stupid man. He rarely reached a consensus with her. He persisted in his views and stuck to his ways! 
She wanted to berate him but restrained her anger when she saw him lying weakly in bed. 
She pursed her lips and said, "If you were healthy now…" 
"Am I currently paralyzed?" Before Elisa could finish speaking, Gareth interrupted her coldly. 
His furrowed brows showcased his current feelings. 
He didn't like what Elisa said. 
Elisa was startled. 
She wanted to pummel him violently when she heard what he said. 
Although she restrained herself, she couldn't help but say, "I never said you were disabled. Gareth Wickam, you know what I mean. Stop arguing with me for the sake of it!" 
"You were shot and injured, and recovering will take a while. Even though you have good drug tolerance, you must recuperate for at least ten to fourteen days in your current condition. Let me ask you. If someone points a gun at you now, can you immediately get up and take the gun away from them?" 
Elisa's intentions were clear. 
He couldn't deny that what Elisa said was true. 
But the problem with it was that they were now in the casino. 
The person behind the scenes had failed the first time. Could they still make a move a second time? 
"You…" 
Elisa couldn't believe it when she sensed Gareth's thoughts. 
If Winslow was there, she guessed he would have said something like, "Are you going to shamelessly blame KKCD?" 
Elisa shook her head and said, "Once your condition stabilizes, I will contact Thomas to send you back. It's not a long-term solution for you to stay here. Moreover, you shouldn't be staying here." 
This was what Elisa thought. 
She even had thoughts of releasing Aaron. 
Gareth sensed her thoughts but didn't point it out. 
He said, "The drugs aren't out of my system, and I took two bullets. If I return at such a critical moment, aren't you afraid…" 
However, it made Elisa raise her brows. "What should I fear? Those people are targeting me, not you. Anyway, hasn't Thomas taken Ganoderma Caligo back with him?" 
Thomas didn't meet with any trouble when bringing it back. 
Gareth was injured because he took the bullets for her. 
Therefore, those people didn't intend to target Gareth. 
As for Aaron… 
She decided to release him in the morning. 
Gareth's expression turned solemn. "I can't leave if they're targeting you. If an accident like this happens to you again, at least I can stay with you and protect you, right?" 
Gareth said it as a matter of fact. 
Did this mean she could use him as a shield? 
She knew Gareth was being kind, but she couldn't do such a thing. 
Her safety couldn't be established by Gareth or anyone else getting into danger. 
Gareth's gaze turned cold when he saw Elisa silent. 
"If you don't want me to stay and help, are you thinking of asking Will to come over?" 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
They were having a pleasant conversation. Why did Gareth drag Will into this? 
Elisa initially felt slightly complicated and guilty toward him, but she never expected him to say such a thing. Right now, she felt that Gareth was seriously out of his mind! 
Elisa said, "Gareth, I'm very grateful that you took the bullets for me." 
###chapter1505
Chapter 1505 The Next Sunrise
When she saw the man's dark expression, she said, "I'm afraid even when I think of it now. Have you never thought about all the possibilities of what could have happened? What if the shooter was more accurate? Do you think you'll be able to lie before me and say such things?" 
"We've divorced. It's my freedom to do what I want and look for anyone I want. You have no right to interfere in my life. I want to tell you that regardless of our involvement with each other, we are living beings. If it were anyone else, I wouldn't have stayed still and watched them die either." 
Gareth only raised his brows slightly when faced with Elisa's clear stance. He answered indifferently, "Really?" 
A faint smile seemed to be on the corners of his lips. 
Just as Elisa was about to answer him, she heard Gareth ask her a question. 
"If you would have done it for anyone else, why do you keep trembling even when you speak?" 
And her hands. He clearly sensed her fingers trembling momentarily. 
Just like she said, humans were living beings. They couldn't be ruthless. 
He was ignorant in the three years they were married. He didn't observe her carefully or try to understand her. 
At that moment, he couldn't express his feelings and emotions. 
But the most noticeable part was how his chest felt. It was as though it were pinned by something heavy. 
It felt stifling. It was even tough and uncomfortable to breathe. 
The feeling was more noticeable when she spoke to Will on the phone. 
Elisa was silent and kept quiet when she heard what Gareth said. 
Did she feel that way at the moment? 
But Elisa didn't think that it was anything to be ashamed of. 
She looked up. 
"So what if I was trembling? Just like what you said, we were married. In any case, I used to genuinely like you. Wouldn't I turn to stone if I had no emotion left?" 
"But our relationship was barely maintained in the three years we were married. Don't raise your hopes and make your family happy. Don't think I will agree to reconcile with you just because of my subtle feelings!" 
Elisa made her stance clear. 
She didn't want to return to the past and be as stupid as she used to be. 
Gareth denied it. "I never thought so. I just think that…" 
But Elisa didn't want to hear him talk any longer. 
"Do whatever you like. It's your problem. It's late, and I'm tired of watching over you. If you can't sleep, count sheep. I'm going to sleep now!" 
After that, Elisa got up and walked out. 
People were keeping guard at the door. She instructed one of them and left. 
Around seven in the morning. 
Mr. North arrived. 
He found out from the person on guard that Elisa had returned to her room. 
The doctor wasn't around, so Gareth should have been alone in his room. 
It was an excellent opportunity for Mr. North. 
But his collar was pulled viciously from the back before he could open the door. 
After that, he was pushed to the side forcefully. 
He felt pressure on his knees before he came to his senses. 
'Thump.' 
He suddenly knelt on the floor. 
At the same time, he saw clearly who was before him. 
It was Winslow, his boss. 
Winslow had a dark expression and was livid. 
"What did I tell you? You shouldn't lay a finger on Gareth. If you continue to have such thoughts, you won't live to see the next sunrise if I notice it." 
Winslow rebuked and warned Mr. North angrily. 
No one was allowed to touch Gareth. It was undoubtedly because of Elisa. 
If no one could lay a finger on him, did it mean that Gareth could continue committing crimes here? 
###chapter1506
Chapter 1506 Stupid Man
Moreover, Mr. North couldn't accept being detained in the underground room and defeated in the showdown! 
Mr. North looked up with a reluctant expression! 
"Boss, Gareth Wickam isn't good news. If he dies, no one will disturb Ms. Benett anymore. Furthermore, he and Ms. Benett are divorced. On what grounds does he deserve to be on the receiving end of her kindness or intimidate people in the casino?" 
"Because he's Liz's ex-husband. Mr. North, you're my most valued subordinate. I don't want to repeat myself. I said that you can't lay a finger on Gareth. It's final." 
"If you want to disobey me and can't restrain yourself, you can get out of KKCD now!" 
Winslow spoke viciously. 
Mr. North was silent and felt upset. 
No matter how reluctant he felt, it was no match for how upset he felt. 
He had worked at KKCD Casino for many years and treated it like home. 
He also treated Winslow as family. 
At present, Winslow was thinking of Gareth for Elisa's sake. Winslow had discovered Mr. North's purpose more than once and spoke to him viciously. 
How could Mr. North accept it? 
He could leave Gareth alone, but he couldn't lose his home. 
Under such a contrast, Mr. North could only compromise. 
Winslow saw Mr. North give in, and he patted Mr. North's shoulder as he gave advice. 
"You know you're at peace when you can pander to the person you hate most with a smile." 
"Brie is a woman, and it's inconvenient for her. You'll look after Gareth at this time." 
Mr. North understood everything since Winslow started talking. 
Mr. North followed Winslow's orders precisely. 
However, he was preparing to look after Gareth when Elisa came to Gareth with the herbal tonic she had prepared. 
Gareth had woken up early. 
When Elisa opened the door, Gareth smelled a strong herbal scent. 
He knew it was Elisa. 
She quickly walked to him. 
She put the medicine aside and wanted to slowly help him sit up. 
But men and women had different strengths. On top of his injury, Elisa didn't dare exert too much force. 
When she almost couldn't support Gareth's weight, Mr. North appeared. 
"Let me help you, Ms. Benett." 
He had come forward as he said it. 
Gareth leaned against the headboard with Mr. North's help. 
"Thank you, Mr. North." 
Elisa thanked Mr. North. 
But her thanks made Gareth wrinkle his brows tightly. 
When had he thanked anyone? 
Elisa noticed Gareth's expression and reached out to tug his hand. 
After that, she turned and told Mr. North, "I can do the rest myself. You can leave first. I'll call you if I need anything else." 
"Alright." 
Mr. North nodded and left. 
After he left, Elisa spoke to Gareth. 
"In any case, he came to help. How can you act that way? Gareth, you wronged him. How do you always act like you're better than everyone?" 
She was also referring to when he had just regained consciousness. 
He had clearly saved her, and she was touched, but what happened after that? 
He acted as if she was ungrateful and seemed highly impatient. 
Gareth said coldly, "I don't need his help." 
Pfft! 
He's so aloof! 
If he didn't need Mr. North's help, why did he accept it? 
This stupid man. She felt conflicted and confused. 
###chapter1507
Chapter 1507 She Deserves It!
However, she didn't want to argue with Gareth about it. 
"This is the herbal tonic I prepared. Quickly drink it while it's warm." 
As she spoke, she handed him the herbal tonic in a bowl she had just placed down. 
Gareth slowly raised his left hand, which was connected to an IV. 
He put on an act and coughed. 
"Feed me." 
Even if Gareth hadn't said anything, Elisa would have done so anyway. 
When Elisa thought of how she would release Aaron, she mentioned it to Gareth. 
"I'm going to release Aaron and Nicole later. You don't have the energy to deal with them at this critical juncture. You must do it anyway when the Tabor family asks you to release Nicole." 
Gareth couldn't deny what Elisa said. 
But ever since Gareth had instructed Thomas to detain these two people, Gareth had never thought of releasing them. 
But then again, he wasn't fearful. He could ignore everything, but not Elisa. 
Ultimately, Gareth acknowledged it in a low voice and agreed with Elisa. 
After feeding him the herbal tonic, she felt his pulse again. 
It was still weak. 
Elisa couldn't help but sigh. "You didn't listen when I asked you to return previously. You insisted on…" 
She suddenly stopped and felt slightly frustrated. 
Never mind. What's the point of saying anything? 
Gareth was shot because he was saving her. 
She wasn't an ungrateful person. 
Therefore, she told Gareth, "I'm very thankful you saved me. I'm bound by duty to you if you need my help." 
Gareth's gaze turned cold, but the next moment, he said coldly, "I didn't think of it, but after what you said, I thought of something. No one else but you can do it." 
Elisa knew what was coming when she heard no one else could do it. 
She wanted to retract it, but looking at Gareth's solemn expression at the moment, Elisa knew the damage was done.
She could only smile and wait for Gareth to continue. 
Sure enough, it was what she had expected. 
Gareth said, "Grandpa and Grandma are getting on in years, and they're getting weaker. They don't have many desires other than wanting us to remarry. Elisa… this is the only thing you can help me with now." 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
What did I do? 
I made my bed, and I must now lie in it. 
The next moment, Elisa said indifferently, "Gareth, other than this, I can think of ways to help you with other things." 
"It hasn't been long since we divorced. Furthermore, what do Grandma and Grandpa want? Not only do they want us to remarry, but they also want great-grandchildren. I can't fulfill that dream of theirs, so I must turn you down." 
As Elisa spoke, she got up and left the room. 
Gareth watched her figure, and the corners of his mouth pursed into a straight line. 
He had a solemn and cold expression. 
… 
On the other end. 
Nicole and Aaron had been locked in the small, confined room for a few days. No one had come to rescue them, and they lived each day in the dark. 
Nicole counted the minutes. If Gareth didn't let them go in five minutes, she would widely spread the video of her in Elisa's skin mask on various domestic platforms! 
And Elisa, who was far away in Moranta, would be clueless! 
Nicole sneered. She deserves it! 
Even if Elisa found out, the damage would be done. Who would think that the video was fake? 
Five minutes. 
Four minutes. 
Three minutes. 
The smile in the corners of Nicole's smile deepened. Very good. 
###chapter1508
Chapter 1508 Clueless
Elisa had brought it on herself. 
Across from her, a man looked at her with a faint smile. "I like seeing you like this." 
Nicole's expression froze, and she quickly came to her senses before looking at him. She was displeased. 
Aaron narrowed his eyes. "Honey, you look adorable when you're plotting against others." 
Nicole looked at him coldly. Ultimately, she said indifferently, "I'm advising you not to be so meddlesome." 
Aaron immediately raised his brows and said with a beam, "How am I meddlesome? I've always supported you. Don't you know that?" 
His voice was always so calm and at ease. 
Nicole glanced at him indifferently and didn't say anything else. 
It was time! 
Just as Nicole had arranged, Elisa's video spread on the Internet! 
Elisa's cell phone was charging in her room. 
She was unaware of public opinion about her and the accusations hurled at her. 
Rachel called her repeatedly and was very anxious. "What on earth is Liz doing?! Why isn't she answering her phone?!" 
Not only had she called Elisa, but she had also looked for Elisa in her group chat. Rachel and Sheena discussed this for a long time but couldn't contact her! 
Rachel's brows furrowed tightly, and she paced in the house, but… 
She no longer hesitated when she thought of how Elisa was with Gareth. She called someone else! 
Before she said anything, the other party said excitedly, "My dearest! You finally called me because you miss me!" 
Rachel was dumbstruck. 
Stupid depraved man! 
She was utterly flabbergasted at how he always harassed her like this! 
Rachel didn't want to beat around the bush. She asked directly, "Has Gareth contacted you recently? Did he say what's going on there? They were looking for Ganoderma Caligo, but why is Liz nowhere to be found?" 
She was anxious because she couldn't contact Elisa. 
Vincent's expression immediately turned dark! 
"D*mn! Don't you miss me? Why do you always think about others?!" 
"Stupid! I have no time to talk about such things with you now! Are you in contact with Gareth? There's an urgent situation!" 
Vincent furrowed his brows and said, "Why would Gareth contact me since he's with Elisa? Don't worry. With Gareth around, how could he let Elisa get into trouble?" 
Even if Gareth seemed incompetent, he was still a man. 
Although if he hadn't been able to maintain his three-year marriage with Elisa, in any case, he deemed Elisa as his woman. 
Even if it were all in the past, Gareth wouldn't ignore her. 
Be that as it may, Rachel still felt that something was unusual about this. 
She frowned, and her expression was dark. "Did you see what was released online?" 
Vincent wrinkled his brows, perplexed. "What was released online?" 
Elisa hadn't returned, and he hadn't progressed with Rachel. 
He couldn't develop any strategies recently, so he didn't have the time to care about gossip on the Internet. 
Rachel gave up when she saw how clueless Vincent was. 
"Alright. It was a mistake to call and ask you. Quickly give me Gareth's cell phone number." 
It was better to ask the person in question rather than Vincent. 
She also wanted to ask Gareth how long they had to look for Ganoderma Caligo! 
Vincent was instantly displeased. "… You called to ask about another man. It's fine that you don't care about me, but you're asking for another man's number. Rachel, you…" 
Vincent indicated that he was hurt. 
But this made Rachel feel disdainful. She couldn't help but chide Vincent. "D*mn! Can you get yourself together?! It's nauseating when you're like this. Quickly give me his number. I don't have the time to spout rubbish with you!" 
###chapter1509
Chapter 1509 Gareth's Ex-Wife
She was worried about Elisa. 
They had been best friends for many years. With what Rachel knew about Elisa, Elisa would never run out naked so eagerly. 
Rachel couldn't ignore it when such negative news was released about Elisa. 
Elisa had her cell phone and would never ignore calls unless something had happened to her. 
Therefore, Rachel had to confirm it with Gareth. 
If Gareth didn't answer either, she had to make a trip to Moranta! 
Vincent knew it was about something important, so he stopped shooting his mouth off with Rachel. Just as she had requested, he quickly sent Gareth's number to her. 
He didn't hang up, but Rachel ended the call without a word when she saw that he had sent her Gareth's number. 
Vincent's handsome face immediately turned cloudy when he heard the dial tone on his cell phone. His face was dark. 
This stupid woman! Am I so unimportant to her? 
Since Elisa hadn't returned and was now with Gareth in Moranta, he hadn't wanted to disturb her and
wanted to look for strategies on his own. 
Nevertheless, with the current situation, he thought it would be better to wait for Elisa. 
Elisa was calm and reliable! 
But he didn't know Elisa wouldn't actually help him or participate in anything. After all, Vincent had a criminal record, and Rachel wouldn't be moved. Vincent had to work hard on his own. Elisa wouldn't advise him, but she wouldn't stop him either. 
After Rachel received the number, she immediately called Gareth. 
Gareth's cell phone was on the bedside table. But where was he? 
He hadn't laid down since Elisa and Mr. North had helped him up to lean against the headboard. 
Therefore, he immediately heard his cell phone ringing when Rachel called him. He picked it up. 
It was an unknown number. Gareth frowned and was on guard. 
Until Rachel's voice rang in his ears. 
"Gareth, what the heck is going on? Liz is helping you out of affection and not duty. Why does it feel like you're trafficking her? Where's Liz?! Why isn't she answering my calls?" 
Rachel had a particularly nasty tone. She was clearly losing her temper. 
Compared to Rachel's fiery rage, Gareth seemed cold and indifferent. "She's busy." 
Rachel was Elisa's best friend, so Gareth had to be tolerant of her. 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
She still felt something wasn't right. "Why doesn't she have her cell phone if she's busy?" 
"She's letting people go." 
Gareth was concise and indifferent. 
Rachel was baffled. 
What is going on? 
As she was about to ask further, Gareth didn't intend to speak to her any longer. 
"I'll ask her to call you when she returns." 
After that, Gareth hung up. 
Rachel wasn't surprised to hear the dial tone. Gareth was always like that, but it would be okay if he could ensure Liz's safety. 
At that moment, Elisa was before Nicole and Aaron. 
Nicole was surprised when she saw Elisa. 
Because Elisa had a cold demeanor and looked at everything disdainfully. 
The video had rushed to the top trending list on various big domestic platforms. Moreover, it was going viral. 
Especially since it was the daughter of the Benett family, the current acting president of Benett Corporation, and Gareth's ex-wife. 
Nicole shut her eyes and could imagine the news headlines and how others attacked Elisa verbally. 
But what was the result? 
Elisa was still so calm after she found out. 
At that moment, Nicole admired Elisa deeply for how composed Elisa was when she was in trouble. 
Nicole thought Elisa had come to criticize her but never imagined that at the next moment… 
###chapter1510
Chapter 1510 Poor Character
Elisa was actually loosening Nicole's restraints. 
After that, Elisa also untied Aaron! 
Nicole didn't understand what was happening. "What are you doing, Elisa?" 
Gareth hadn't even seen them after he instructed Thomas to trap them there. 
They were held there the whole time without food or drink. 
And now, Elisa didn't even know the vulgar video had been exposed and was trending. She didn't say a word and was even untying them. 
Therefore, Nicole couldn't understand Elisa's current actions. 
Elisa said indifferently, "Isn't it obvious? Or do you like being treated like this?" 
Nicole clearly didn't. 
But the more Elisa acted like this, the more uncomfortable Nicole felt. 
She was initially prepared to catch Elisa off guard. 
But what did Elisa do? 
She didn't react at all. 
Just as Nicole was about to say something, Aaron walked to her. "Nicole, let's leave the casino." 
Elisa couldn't be bothered to talk to Nicole anymore. 
But before Elisa turned away, she spoke to Nicole viciously. "Nicole, if you dare to do this again, I guarantee you won't get away so easily!" 
After that, Nicole was left with Elisa's long, cold, and resolute figure. 
Nicole subconsciously backed away when she saw it. 
Aaron was worried about Nicole and immediately held her. "Are you alright, Nicole?" 
She was sick of Aaron from the bottom of her heart. 
When Aaron touched her, her first instinct was to push him away. 
She said coldly, "I'm fine." 
"Let's go." Upon seeing Nicole like that, Aaron didn't say anything else. 
Nicole composed herself and left the room without turning around before leaving KKCD. 
After releasing the two of them, Elisa returned to Gareth's side. 
Gareth's physical condition was her current priority. 
However, when her eyes met with him, he said, "Rachel called just now." 
"Oh." 
Elisa answered indifferently before looking for her cell phone. 
She realized she left it in her room. 
When she turned, Gareth called her. "Aren't you tired of walking up and down?" 
As he spoke, Elisa saw him pass her his cell phone. 
Elisa was slow to realize that Rachel had called Gareth because she had left her cell phone in her room. 
At that moment, if she used Gareth's cell phone to call Rachel back, wouldn't that be… 
Gareth's voice interrupted her thoughts. "What are you thinking about?" 
"Nothing." Elisa shook her head. 
Although she thought of it, she still used Gareth's cell phone to call Rachel back. 
At that moment, it was as though they were telepathic. 
"Liz?" Rachel asked doubtfully on the other end of the phone. 
Elisa nodded. "Mm. It's me. Why were you in such a hurry to look for me?" 
"D*mn! You're asking me why I'm looking for you? A video of you running naked from a room was exposed in the country. It's been shared wildly on various big platforms, and it's going viral. Do you know that people online have been swearing at you for having poor character?" 
Upon hearing it, Elisa fell silent. Her expression visibly turned cold, and Gareth could sense something wrong. 
She thought of Nicole's reactions. No wonder Nicole had looked at her like that and asked such questions. 
###chapter1511
Chapter 1511 Why Was Rachel Looking For You So Urgently?
Nicole had the nerve to release such a video to slander Elisa when she knew Elisa had the original footage. Nicole couldn't blame Elisa for whatever she did next! 
Rachel realized Elisa was silent and felt worried. "Liz, I'm talking to you! Did you hear me?" 
"Mm. It's not a problem." 
There was currently vicious public opinion against Elisa, and everyone cursed her miserably, but the tide would turn. Nicole would receive the same consequences! 
Rachel swore. "D*mn. I know this isn't a problem for you. I also understand someone set you up, but babe, this person has your face!" 
Elisa smiled and consoled Rachel. "Don't worry. I have a plan." 
Upon seeing Elisa so relaxed, Rachel stopped worrying. 
But she was very concerned with Elisa's return trip. 
She was slightly impatient. "What does the stupid man want? Thomas has returned, so what are you two still doing there? You're also using his cell phone to call me back. Don't tell me that you're going to remarry him!" 
They were best friends, and Rachel would support Elisa in everything she did. 
But she disagreed with Elisa about matters regarding Gareth. 
Elisa had humbled herself immensely in the three years that they were married. 
But what about Gareth?! 
After Linda regained consciousness, he handed Elisa divorce papers without regard for her feelings. 
Does he want to remarry Elisa now? Get lost! 
Since he missed his opportunity with Elisa, he should give up! 
Elisa was dumbfounded and confused. 
"Why do you think so? Am I so dumb to you?" 
"Heh." A sneer appeared in the corners of Rachel's mouth. "If you're not dumb, why would you stay with Gareth for those three years? And why would you run off to Moranta with Gareth to look for Ganoderma Caligo?" 
"Let me tell you. You shouldn't care about Gareth's stupid affairs at all!" 
They kept getting entangled with each other. It was never-ending. 
Of course, Elisa understood Rachel's kind intentions. 
She smiled. "Don't worry. I won't let such a thing happen again. This time, we were delayed by other things. I estimate it'll take around ten to fifteen days to solve." 
Rachel could clearly sense the exasperation in Elisa's voice in the end. 
Rachel didn't say anything else. "Mm. Take it easy. For now, solve the public opinion blowing up online." 
"Okay." 
Elisa nodded. It was a piece of cake to her. 
After hanging up, Elisa was about to return to her room. 
But Gareth called after her. 
His brows were raised and furrowed. 
"What happened? Why was Rachel looking for you so urgently?" 
Elisa's face had suddenly darkened when she started talking. 
He felt that Rachel had looked for Elisa because something critical had happened. 
Elisa smiled and said, "It's just a scoundrel doing something insignificant." 
"I'm leaving." 
After that, Elisa returned Gareth's cell phone to the bedside table. 
When Gareth saw Elisa's demeanor, he knew she could solve it quickly. 
He didn't ask further. 
He was injured and couldn't move around easily, so he couldn't help much. 
The only thing he could do now was to rest well and not burden Elisa further. 
Elisa returned to her room and turned on her laptop. 
Nasty comments about her gradually came into view on various big domestic platforms…
###chapter1512
Chapter 1512 Is She So Confident?
xx: 'I never thought Elisa was so depraved! Is everyone else invisible to her? Does she not see anyone else around her? Is she so confident in her figure?' 
xx: 'I'm going to throw up. In any case, she's a public figure. Can she pay more attention to her image?' 
xx: 'No, I finally discovered why Gareth divorced her. Why would he keep such a shameless woman by his side?' 
… 
The more Elisa scrolled, the more they insulted her, and their comments were an eyesore. 
She was photoshopped into an obituary. 
These ignorant people were amazing! 
Elisa couldn't be bothered to argue with them. She implanted a virus in the website, and the comments disappeared as the page showed a '404 Error.' 
Elisa didn't deal with the video. 
Because she quickly uploaded the complete surveillance footage. 
In the footage, Nicole came out from the private room next door and put on a skin mask before entering the private room Gareth had booked. After that, she ran out of the private room in a rush. 
The surveillance monitors caught Nicole's face and actions clearly. 
Elisa didn't need to release any statement. It was clear who was in the wrong. 
Elisa even included the footage of Nicole seducing Gareth while wearing a skin mask of her. 
Once it was uploaded, the Internet went into a frenzy. 
Those who had initially cursed at Elisa gradually changed their minds and went after Nicole. 
xx: 'I thought Elisa was the shameless one, but I never thought it was actually the daughter of the Tabor family. What a hypocrite. She used Elisa's appearance to do such a thing! How disgusting!' 
xx: 'She's so shameless. Didn't you see how she used Elisa's appearance to do it? How annoying. In any case, she's the dignified daughter of the Tabor family. How could she do something so demeaning?' 
xx: 'Not only is it demeaning, but she has also completely humiliated the entire Tabor family!' 
xx: 'That's true. Why didn't Nicole do such nauseating things openly?! Why did she have to set others up? I think Nicole was the one who exposed the initial video, right?' 
xx: 'I disagree. Since it's so disgusting, if Nicole did it with her identity, it would be humiliating if she didn't get her way. If the other videos weren't revealed, would we have known that Nicole did it with a skin mask of Elisa?' 
…
xx: 'Kill yourself, Nicole Tabor!' 
xx: 'Trash!' 
xx: 'Slut!' 
… 
The comments increased. 
Nicole was now the target of cyberbullying. Even the Tabor family was also affected. 
But Elisa didn't feel like she had done anything wrong or had destroyed Nicole. 
Because Nicole had brought it upon herself. 
If Nicole hadn't exposed the video and made Elisa the victim of cyberbullying, Elisa wouldn't have released the videos. 
Because Elisa knew full well how the videos would affect Nicole once they were released. 
But who was to blame? 
Nicole could only blame herself. 
She shut her laptop coldly. 
As for Nicole, she stopped surfing the Internet once she saw that Elisa was being cyberbullied. 
She didn't know that the tide had turned on her. 
Until her father called her. 
"Dad…" Nicole inexplicably felt a dreadful premonition. Before she could think about it, his voice rang in her ears. 
###chapter1513
Chapter 1513 Public Humiliation
"Nicole, this is not how I raised you. Didn't I say never to do something unless you are sure? You even promised me before you left. Look what you've done! How could you humiliate me like this?" 
Nicole could keenly sense her father's fury through the phone. 
He would have slapped her if he was standing before her right now. 
Nicole was smart. 
She knew it must have been something severe that made her father furious. 
"What happened?" She felt a growing sense of unease. 
"You dare to ask what happened? How can you not know what you did? See for yourself!" 
Nicole's expression changed. Isn't Elisa the one trending on Twitter? What does it have to do with me? 
She did not dare to hesitate and turned on her phone immediately, only to be shocked. 
People were no longer criticizing Elisa on various social media platforms. 
Instead, Nicole replaced Elisa as the trending topic. 
Vicious, shameless, sl*t, and wh*re were among the many derogatory words used against her. 
The surveillance camera had recorded when she took off a hyper-realistic silicone mask of Elisa's face. 
Furthermore, the video recording showed Gareth scolding her furiously when she came to him in the private lounge. 
How did this happen? 
Nicole could not help but tremble. How could this happen? How? 
Her face was shrouded with panic. She had no idea what she should do. 
She was on cloud nine a moment ago, but Elisa dragged her into the depths of hell. 
She had fallen from grace and became the city's most despicable figure. 
The perfect image she cultivated so well was utterly ruined. Everyone throughout the country saw what she did. No! I won't accept this! I can't give in! 
However, she had no choice but to hold down her anger. She humbly pleaded for her father's forgiveness. 
"Dad, I'm sorry. It's my fault. My mistake has dragged the family into trouble, but don't worry. I will make sure to fix this today!" 
I will make Elisa pay for what she did! 
I will make sure Gareth never treats me like he did in the surveillance video again! 
Nicole clenched her fists as she thought about this. 
Although Bernard Tabor was still angry after hearing her, he would not be so cruel as to do anything to his biological daughter. 
Furthermore, there were thousands of miles between them. He could not do anything even if he wanted to. 
Still, Bernard's anger refused to die down. "Do as you see fit. If you fail to turn the matter around, our family will never be able to hold our heads up again! Gareth and Elisa are important. Do you understand?" 
"Yes." Nicole nodded. 
Everything started because of Gareth and Elisa. How could she not understand what her father was implying? 
Bernard had nothing else to say and hung up straight away. 
On the other hand, Nicole finally had the chance to vent her frustration. 
"Stop the car!" 
She glared at the driver in front and ordered, "Get out! I'll drive!" 
The driver worked for her. He had no choice but to do as she demanded. 
"Why are you still here?" 
Nicole glanced at the rearview mirror as she was about to start the car and noticed Aaron seated at the back. 
Aaron had at least seventy percent responsibility for causing her situation. 
If not for him, she would not have rushed to seduce Gareth. 
Thanks to him, her reputation was ruined, and she became the target of public criticism. 
Aaron smiled. "There's still a long way, Ms. Tabor. You're not so cruel as to abandon me halfway, right?" 
He claimed it was halfway, but it was only ten to twenty minutes from KKCD Casino.
###chapter1514
Chapter 1514 Heartless
The driver had not even driven the car halfway to their destination. 
Nicole pursed her lips. "Since you won't get out, you must hold tight." 
Then, she immediately started the engine and sped up to one hundred kilometers per hour. 
The car shot forward like an arrow. 
Aaron guessed she would do this when she said those words. 
Therefore, he grabbed the handrail at the top and was not affected by the reckless speed. 
Meanwhile, Elisa returned to Gareth in KKCD Casino. 
Gareth had closed his eyes but opened them as Elisa came near. 
His eyes, which gleamed like gems, immediately came into view. 
"Are you okay?" 
Elisa pulled a chair and sat by his side. 
Gareth grunted in response. 
Their gazes met, but no one said anything.
The silence between them was palpable. 
Gareth pursed his lips and appeared solemn. 
Although the surveillance video exposed Nicole's despicable deeds and destroyed her reputation, Elisa had suffered severe criticism from netizens before the video was exposed. 
He did not tell her that he secretly instructed Thomas to find a large group of netizens to attack Nicole's reputation. 
Furthermore, he also took action against Tabor Group's stocks, causing their value to plummet. 
However, Gareth still felt he had gone too easy on them. 
Thus, he said softly, "You shouldn't have let her go." 
Gareth was talking about Nicole. 
Nicole had prepared the video against Elisa before Elisa released her. 
It did not matter that Elisa let her go. Nicole had planned to post that video regardless. 
However, Elisa disagreed with Gareth and was not bothered by Nicole. "There's no point dwelling on that. Her reputation is already ruined. Why would I let a clown like her get the best of me?" 
Gareth knew she would never let Nicole have a chance to do that. 
Still, Nicole had schemed against me and sought to harm Elisa. I must make her pay for what she did! 
"Elisa, you must bring me with you wherever you go and whatever you do," Gareth said after pursing his lips. He seemed insistent about it. 
Elisa shook her head. 
Although she said nothing, Gareth instantly understood her. 
He was injured and would only burden her if he followed. 
Furthermore, she did not need him as her helper. 
Even though she knew what Gareth instructed Thomas after she struck back at Nicole, she would not change her mind. 
"You arranged for netizens to attack Nicole and pressured Tabor Group because you were also furious at them. Even if Nicole did not post anything, you would eventually act against her." 
He had not done anything until now because the intricacies of his plans delayed the matter. 
In actuality, Gareth did not care about the matter involving Nicole. 
He pursed his lips and replied, "Elisa, don't change the topic." 
Gareth looked into her eyes. His gaze was calm and cold. 
Elisa was confused. 
I was being frank about my opinion. How was that changing the topic? 
Elisa felt she was unable to agree with Gareth's opinion. 
Therefore she decided to be direct. "I came here to check if you're all right. After all, you blocked a couple of gunshots for me. I would seem heartless if I didn't show concern for you." 
"However, I don't want you to get involved in anything I do from now on. Do you understand?" 
She did not want Gareth to put himself in danger. 
Moreover, she did not want to get involved with him. 
Furthermore, how could an injured man be of any help? She would be more than thankful if he did not get in her way. 
###chapter1515
Chapter 1515 Small Fry
Seeing that Gareth did not speak, Elisa continued, "Gareth, I don't like to keep repeating the same matter. I'll change your bandages now." 
She stood up as she said that. 
Then, she unwrapped the bandages on Gareth's wound and discovered the stitched wound was red, swollen, and irritated. 
She applied the herbal ointment she formulated on it. 
The herbs were potent and stung when applied to the skin. Unexpectedly, Gareth only frowned and did not make a sound. 
Elisa was impressed with his pain tolerance. 
Previously, Gareth had undergone surgery and was unconscious when she bandaged him. However, he was wide awake this time. 
Elisa's hand moved to his back as she bandaged him. 
They were so close that Elisa could smell a light medicinal scent mixed with his pheromone. She could also hear his relaxed heartbeat. 
Elisa held her breath.
It was her first time being this close to him since their divorce. 
"Liz." 
Gareth suddenly called her by her nickname. 
"Yes?" Elisa raised her eyebrows, unsure what Gareth wanted to say. 
However, Gareth remained silent. His Adam's apple trembled as he struggled to form words. All he could focus on was the light fragrance from her body. 
"Done." 
Elisa finished bandaging his wound and let go of him to stand up. Unexpectedly, her waist bumped against Gareth's arm, causing her to lose balance and fall into his embrace. 
"Gareth, are… are you okay?" 
She remembered Gareth was injured and immediately tried to get up. 
Gareth shook his head. 
The atmosphere between them… 
Gareth parted his mouth to speak but did not know what to say. 
In the end, it was Elisa who spoke first. "What food do you feel like having? I'll prepare it for you." 
He needed healthy and nutritious food to recover from his injuries. 
Furthermore, Elisa was concerned about the drug residue in his body. She hoped it would not trigger a relapse now. Otherwise, it would severely worsen his already painful condition. 
Gareth shook his head again. 
The atmosphere turned silent. 
As Elisa was confused about what to say, Gareth broke the silence. "Are you sure you don't want me to go with you?" 
Gareth focused his gaze on her as he asked. 
Elise could not figure out why, but she felt an unexplainable strange feeling when she saw Gareth's gaze. 
It made her feel uncomfortable. 
Elisa nodded. "You're injured. How can you be of help to me? I will contact Thomas later and tell him to ensure Grandma consumes Ganoderma Caligo. Then, he can come here again." 
"Are you going to tell Thomas to bring me home while you go off to deal with those matters? I know you have an arrangement with the casino owner, but are you not suspicious about his identity?" Gareth pursed his lips and brought up the critical matter. 
Gareth believed everyone would reveal their true color at critical moments. 
Elisa was intelligent, but she was still a woman. Gareth was concerned that she would be susceptible to being tricked. 
Elisa understood what Gareth was implying. 
She sighed before answering, "I've checked all the required proofs. A prominent casino owner like him does not need to fabricate documents to form a connection with a small fry like me, right?" 
Small fry? 
Gareth wanted to laugh when he heard Elisa say those two words.
###chapter1516
Chapter 1516 Blaming the Deceased
Gareth narrowed his eyes. "Are you sure you're a small fry?" 
Elisa is not someone insignificant. She has medical skills, an analytical mind, and is courageous and resourceful. Furthermore, she is efficient in investigations. 
That shows she is highly skilled with computers. 
She had hidden all these from me when we were married. 
After we divorced, her secret identity was revealed one by one. Perhaps there are more that I don't know of. 
Therefore, she is in no way a small fry. 
Elisa heard Gareth's question and saw his solemn gaze. She instantly understood what he meant. 
Gareth must have known her many secret identities. 
She used to hide them from him, but there was no need for that now. 
However, she felt she had no obligation to confess everything. 
Elisa smiled and said, "Whether I'm a minor or prominent figure, isn't that something decided by others? What do you mean by that, Gareth? Are you surprised because you find me more outstanding than before? Or is it something else?" 
Gareth answered flatly, "No matter what you did, you are still you. You are still Elisa, right?" 
"That's true." Elisa nodded upon hearing Gareth. 
No matter what I do, I can never compare to his beloved Linda. 
"If there's nothing else, I'm returning to my room to rest. You can call Mr. North if you're hungry." Elisa had no mood to continue this conversation with Gareth. 
She turned around after saying that, but Gareth grabbed her hand. 
Elisa noticed the slight coolness of his palm as they touched. 
They had physical contact a few times before, so Elisa knew his body temperature was lower than average. However, she noticed his body temperature now was even lower than before. 
"Once Thomas arrives to bring you home, I will prepare a few medicines to help heal you. You can call me by phone if there's anything in the future. However, I will charge a fee for some tasks based on their complexity." 
Elisa spoke frankly and sounded impersonal. 
She believed it was impossible to be friends with Gareth. 
Gareth did not let go and frowned upon hearing her. "Elisa, we were husband and wife. Must you treat us as strangers?" 
Gareth's chest felt heavy. It felt like a huge rock was sitting on his chest. 
Why must she be so impersonal? For whom is it for? 
Is it because of Will? 
"Are we not strangers? You wanted nothing to do with me when you gave me the divorce papers," Elisa retorted. 
She struggled to free her hand from his grip. 
Gareth understood her but refused to let go. "Didn't I say I will investigate those matters? I…" 
"What's the point of investigating them? Isn't Linda already 'dead'?" 
Elisa interrupted before Gareth could finish speaking. 
Linda was dead. Even if the investigation revealed the truth, the public would still think Elisa falsified evidence to dump the blame on the deceased. 
Instead, Elisa focused on searching for her mother's whereabouts, expanding Benett Corporation's business and her career. 
She was not interested in clearing the misconception about her. 
Gareth had spent some time with Elisa and knew what she was like. 
She would usually fight back if anyone wrongly accused or hurt her. 
If she doesn't retaliate, does it mean… 
###chapter1517
Chapter 1517 Neglecting Friendship for Love
Elisa noticed that Gareth remained silent and sneered, "Why? Did I disprove your guess? Do you think I'm a devious woman again?" 
Gareth pursed his lips and appeared stern. "Can we talk calmly about this?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless and was surprised by his question. 
She laughed. "You asked if we could calmly talk about this. Then, can I ask you a question, Mr. Wickam? Have you ever respected me since the beginning? Whenever I tried to talk to you, you cut me off every time. What am I to do?" Elisa shrugged helplessly. 
Elisa struggled again to free herself. He finally let her go this time. 
Suddenly, Elisa's phone rang. 
It was a call from Rachel. 
Elisa went to the side to answer it. 
Rachel's voice sounded the moment Elisa pressed to accept the call. 
"Babe, you handled the matter beautifully. I give you a thumbs up and a like!" 
Elisa smiled and replied, "Of course, I won't let anyone bully me and get away with it. She impersonated me to do despicable things. In return, I exposed her to the public and ruined her reputation." 
For a moment, Elisa imagined how furious Nicole would be, yet helpless to do anything. 
Elisa had warned Nicole and did not plan to pursue the matter after releasing her. 
However, Nicole forced her hands. Thus, she had only herself to blame. 
Rachel was in complete agreement with Elisa. "Definitely. You know, every major media is showing Nicole's video. Moreover, her father collapsed from anger and had to be hospitalized. Even her family company's stock value is falling." 
Rachel happily talked about everything that had happened to the Tabor family. 
On the other hand, Elisa was calm. 
She had long expected those outcomes. 
Furthermore, no social media platform would not let go of such trending material. 
Elisa had also programmed special codes that made the videos undeletable. They would remain on the social media platforms for seven days and nights. 
This was mental torture for Nicole, who had worked hard to cultivate her image. 
Although Rachel was excited, she could not help but notice Elisa's silence. 
She frowned and asked, "Liz, are you okay? Why do I sense that you're unhappy?" 
Elisa denied, "No, I was just thinking about some matters." 
"What are you thinking about? By the way, you said you have other things to deal with. What are they? Should I book a flight over now?" 
Elisa and Rachel were close. She would never neglect things concerning Rachel. 
However, what Elisa planned to do next was risky and unpredictable. Even Gareth had gotten severely hurt. It would be even more dangerous for Rachel, who knew no self-defense or had prominent connections. 
Elisa was unwilling to let Rachel get in danger on her account. 
Thus, she smiled and said, "You won't be able to help much even if you come here. I have people with me, so don't worry about me. You should stay and work with Sheena to deal with the matters given to you. As for the others, you don't have to bother about them and wait for good news from me." 
Rachel was astounded. 
Rachel honestly felt dispirited. 
Why does she allow Gareth to stay and not let me go there? 
I don't understand. 
"Elisa, tell me the truth. Is it because you are afraid that I will get between you and Gareth that you
won't let me go to Moranta?" 
Elisa could not help but laugh at Rachel's claim. She denied, "No way. You are the most important to me." 
"Hmph, that better be true! Otherwise, you're neglecting our friendship for love." 
###chapter1518
Chapter 1518 Gareth Was Depressed
Elisa explained patiently, "I have reasons for refusing to let you come here. This is not a vacation." 
Rachel had been friends with Elisa for many years. She knew what Elisa meant. 
Although she was angry, she knew Elisa was trying to protect her. 
However, she could not help but make her feelings known. 
"Liz, I'm not scared of the danger. I'm willing to sacrifice my life if it means helping you." 
They had been friends for many years and helped each other countless times. 
Sacrifice? 
Rachel was truly fearless. 
Elisa understood Rachel, but she would never let Rachel put herself at risk. 
Still, she played along with her. "Sure, I won't hesitate to contact you if there's something you can do." 
"I'm not falling for that! Are you saying I'm useless to you now?" 
Rachel threw a tantrum. 
Elisa laughed and replied, "I didn't say that. You're the one who said it." 
Rachel knew Elisa did not mean it that way. 
Thus, she decided to stop bothering Elisa and reminded her, "Liz, you must carefully consider the things we discussed. You must mean whatever you say and not just to appease me. You are alone in Moranta. I know your capabilities, but you still need to watch out and take care of yourself. Don't do something too risky." 
"Sure, I'll heed your words and be careful, Ms. Markee," Elisa replied playfully to ease the heaviness of their conversation. 
"All right, Ms. Benett. I'll accept your promise for now." 
"It's late. You should get some rest. I'll return once I'm done with the matters here. We can have a good chat then." 
"Okay." 
They hung up after that. 
Elisa put her phone away and looked up to see Gareth's stern gaze. 
She could not help but frown. 
Has he been watching me since I accepted the call? 
Gareth pursed his lips and had something to say. However, he did not know where to begin. 
In the end, Elisa looked away and moved to leave the room. Gareth saw she was about to leave and forced himself to speak. 
"Liz." 
His voice sounded hoarse for some reason. 
Elisa considered and thought it could be because he had not spoken for a long time. 
She paused and turned to him. "Yes, what's the matter?" 
"I don't feel so well." 
Gareth frowned slightly as he spoke. 
He seemed to be in severe pain. 
Seeing that, Elisa rushed to him and held his hand, placing her index and middle finger on his wrist. 
Although his pulse was weak, it was not erratic or unusual. 
That meant the drug residue in his body had not relapsed. 
Elisa let go of his hand. 
But she remembered he was injured and put his hand down carefully before covering him with a quilt. 
Then, she told the truth to reassure him. 
"I've checked your pulse and confirmed that the drug residue in your body has not reacted. You feel pain because of your injuries. Although I've formulated medicines that can help your wounds recover faster, they are too straining to the body. Therefore, it's best that you bear with the pain." 
Gareth thought Elisa was talking to Will when she was on the phone just now. 
Then, he heard the last few sentences of their conversation and realized she was talking to Rachel. 
Knowing that it was not Will, his depressed feelings gradually relaxed. 
###chapter1519
Chapter 1519 She Chose to Trust Him
Gareth's expression darkened upon hearing her. 
It was because he realized what Elisa's true aim was. 
However, Elisa was puzzled by his reaction. "You were fine a moment ago. What's wrong with you this time?" 
How could people say that women are as unpredictable as the weather? 
From what I see, Gareth is the best example of that saying. 
Gareth pursed his lips and pondered briefly before asking, "You won't let anyone help you. Tell me the truth. Are you planning to infiltrate the enemy camp alone?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
His words revealed that he had been watching her since she picked up the call. 
I don't need anyone to help me, nor do I want to get anyone involved. What's so strange about that? 
Still, she was not angry. 
Instead, she looked at Gareth calmly and said, "You're injured, and we divorced long ago. Rachel is a woman from an ordinary background. How can I ask you two to help?" 
I'm not heartless. 
How can I endanger you and Rachel over this matter? 
Unexpectedly, Gareth retorted immediately, "Who are you planning to ask?" 
Gareth stared at Elisa as he asked that question, refusing to give her any chance to escape. 
Elisa could not help but frown. "I don't know. Why do you insist on dwelling on this matter?" 
She had told him all she had to say. Yet, he stubbornly clung to the matter. 
The answer stunned Gareth. 
Why do I keep dwelling on the matter? 
Why? 
Isn't it because Elisa is approached by too many people of unknown backgrounds and motives? 
Isn't it because I worry she could be tricked or threatened? Am I concerned that something could happen to her? 
Gareth was shocked by his thoughts. 
Why am I so concerned about her? 
Elisa was confused by Gareth's prolonged silence. 
She asked, "You asked me, and I asked you a question in return. Why aren't you answering?" 
Her question awakened him from his thoughts. 
However, he did not answer her immediately but thought silently before saying, "I ask that question to confirm whether you have someone to protect you. Judging from the situation, Elisa, more than one party desires your death." 
Gareth focused on Elisa as he said that. 
His pupils darkened, and they appeared solemn. 
At the same time, Gareth had a calm and severe expression. One could see that he was not lying. 
Elisa was keenly aware that many people wanted her dead. 
However, she had not attempted anything and was still in the casino. 
At least her uncle was here. He would protect her. 
However, things were different for Gareth. 
She could see that her uncle hated seeing him. 
That was why Elisa wanted Gareth to recover quickly and leave Moranta immediately. 
While he was still recovering, Elisa would stay by his side and ensure he would not be affected by her uncle's dislike for him. 
Elisa chuckled and said, "Thank you for your concern, but don't worry. I won't let anything happen to me. Moreover, my uncle is with me. He will keep me safe." 
Although Gareth had raised concern about her uncle, she trusted him. 
###chapter1520
Chapter 1520 Vicious Woman
Uncle Winslow cannot be expected to protect her because they have no blood relation! 
However, Gareth could not speak for a while. 
He understood why she did not want Rachel to come to Moranta. 
Strangely, for reasons he could not fathom, he thought of Will at this moment. 
Gareth wanted to ask, but… 
Elisa noticed him trying to speak but stopped himself. 
Therefore, she encouraged him to talk. 
"Gareth, you should speak up if you have anything to say. Stop hesitating." 
Since Elisa exposed Gareth, he had no reason to hesitate. 
He pursed his lips and said, "Did you reject Will's offer to help?" 
"Yes." 
Elisa answered despite not knowing why Gareth suddenly brought up Will. 
She did not need Will's help. 
Gareth fell silent. 
But it was only for a few seconds. Then, he looked at Elisa and said, "Since you won't accept his help, please accept mine." 
His tone had softened considerably. 
Elisa was surprised. This was the first time Gareth spoke to her in such a tone. 
Gareth had always been proud. He would never humble himself to offer to help someone. 
Yes, he considered that as a humbling act. 
Before Elisa could consider further, Gareth continued, "You have been a great help to me in obtaining Ganoderma Caligo and treating my poisoning. It's only right that I help you." 
His explanation sounded reasonable. 
Elisa froze briefly. Does he mean we will be even after he helps me this time? 
But we stopped owing each other long ago. 
Elisa felt they did not need to keep getting entangled over this matter. 
Therefore she reacted much more calmly than she used to. 
"Gareth, it's because of Grandma that I came here with you to search for Ganoderma Caligo. You knew
this. Also, you got injured because of me, and I knew how to deal with poisoning. You can see me as a good Samaritan who won't ignore someone injured. Moreover, we were husband and wife." 
Elisa expressed her stance, but Gareth had something to say. 
"We were married for three years, but I neglected you. Now that you're…" 
"You're not going to tell me you discovered good things about me, right? Or that Grandma likes me, and your grandfather tried to bring us together. Do you think spending the rest of your life with me is not so bad?" 
Gareth fell silent at Elisa's words. 
He was sure that Elisa was different from before. 
Moreover, she was also not a devious woman. 
"Gareth, it doesn't matter why you offer to help. You should stop thinking about this and get a good rest to recuperate. I will find you if I need your help." 
Elisa smiled as she said that. 
Gareth had nothing more to say after that. 
He could not deny that Elisa was right. What he needed now was to rest and heal his injuries. 
Only by doing this could he regain his strength and show up to her aid when she needed him to. 
Still, Gareth did not want her to leave. "I wish to recover faster. You have to stay here." 
"Sure." 
Elisa did not refuse his request. 
When Mr. North brought lunch, Elisa tried to take it from him to feed Gareth. 
However, Mr. North immediately stopped her. 
"Ms. Benett, leave this to me. It's lunchtime. You need to eat too." 
Gareth's expression turned cold upon hearing him. 
###chapter1521
Chapter 1521 He Must Have Lost His Mind
Mr. North was a burly man. Gareth could not help but wonder what would happen if people saw or leaked a picture of a muscular man like him feeding him lunch. What would people think of him then? 
Would they misunderstand? 
Therefore, Gareth refused Mr. North's offer to help. 
"I can eat on my own." 
However, Elisa protested, "How are you going to do that? I'm afraid you won't be able to move due to the extent of your injury!" 
She immediately took the food from Mr. North and fed Gareth. Gareth was surprisingly cooperative. 
Mr. North saw the scene and could not help but pursed his lips. 
At the same time, he felt contempt for Gareth. 
I've never seen someone so good at faking illness as he! 
Still, he did not dare to show his anger. He remembered what his boss had instructed him. 
Then, he turned to Elisa. "Ms. Benett, I shall take my leave if there's nothing else." 
Elisa nodded. "Sure, go ahead." 
A second later, Elisa appeared concerned and asked Gareth, "How is it? Is the food to your taste? Do you want a sip of water?" 
Her words instantly prompted Gareth to recall memories of their three years of marriage. 
She was a dutiful wife. She cooked meals and waited for him to come home, always showing concern for him. 
As for him… 
Gareth finally realized how she had changed. 
A person's good or bad character cannot be faked. 
Elisa could not help but frown as she looked at Gareth's calm and thoughtful expression. "Is the food not to your liking?" 
"No, it's fine." 
"Are you sure?" 
Although Gareth denied it, he still did not look like he enjoyed the food. 
"Yes." 
Since he denied it, Elisa did not dwell on the matter. 
However, Gareth suddenly realized something. 
She hasn't had lunch yet. 
He frowned and said, "I'll eat on my own." 
For some reason, her taking care of him this way did not repel him. Instead, he even enjoyed it. 
Still, he felt guilty about eating first while she had not eaten. 
Elisa pursed her lips upon hearing him. "You wish to eat by yourself in your present condition? Tell me. How are you planning to move?" 
Gareth was hit with bullets in his chest and arm. The wounds still hurt after surgery. He also had to deal with the after-effects of the medication. 
While Gareth did not seem much affected by the effects of the medication, he would still feel immense pain from the bullet wounds. 
Those bullets would have pierced Elisa's heart and brain without Gareth. 
Since he saved her life, the least she could do was feed him and care for him. 
However, Gareth suddenly said, "You haven't eaten anything yet. Let's take turns eating. You can take a bite, and I'll take a bite after that." 
Gareth pursed his lips as he said that. 
Still, Elisa would not agree to it even if he was willing. 
She smiled and replied, "Is that it? I'm not hungry yet, so I'll eat after you're done. Here, open your mouth and take another bite!" 
Elisa brought a forkful of food to Gareth's lips as she spoke. 
She is so close. 
Also, what we're doing now only exists between close family members, lovers, and married couples. It is the act of taking care of loved ones when they are ill. 
This scene would have been the very picture of domestic bliss if we did not divorce… 
Gareth was surprised by the thoughts that popped up in his mind. 
He never had second thoughts on any decision he made. 
Yet, Elisa made him doubt his decision again. He wondered if he had lost his mind.
###chapter1522
Chapter 1522 Refused to Be Intimidated
Elisa frowned when she saw Gareth did not open his mouth to eat. "Gareth, what are you thinking?" 
"Nothing," Gareth denied immediately. 
However, Elisa detected a flash of panic in his eyes as he bent over to eat. 
Heh! 
It's so rare to catch Gareth with such an expression! 
Still, she did not expose him. 
Gareth was injured and became picky about food now that he was used to Elisa's cooking. Thus, he only ate a third of the food Mr. North brought. 
Elisa cleared the plates and said, "I'll cook for you tonight, but I have a condition. You are to focus on recuperating and stop bringing up other matters." 
"Sure," Gareth agreed and watched Elisa leave the room. 
Meanwhile, Vincent stopped his car below Rachel's apartment. 
He called her number and said, "Are you going to bed yet? If not, can you come down for a moment?" 
It was midnight. 
After Rachel ended the phone conversation with Elisa, she dealt with work before doing a skincare routine. 
She thought Vincent had something urgent to tell her. Otherwise, she would never have answered his call. 
Unexpectedly, she heard Vincent's request. 
Then, she looked downstairs and found him leaning against his red sports car. Furthermore, he happened to look up as she looked down. 
Rachel's apartment was on the fifth floor. She could see his lips curving up into a cheerful smile. 
'Slam!' Vincent watched her close the window and heard a loud noise. It showed how much force she had used to shut the window. 
Then, he heard her angry voice. "It's late. Judging from your smile, I know it's nothing good! I'm not going down!" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
Rachel was furious and did not hold back her scolding. 
Still, Vincent would not give up easily. 
"You haven't come down yet. How do you know it's not something good? Do you want me to go upstairs instead?" Vincent smirked and raised his eyebrows as he teased her.
His words further fueled Rachel's anger. She retorted immediately, "I wish you would disappear from my sight?" 
Vincent was not angry but laughed. "I'm sure you can't bear that. What are you to do if I disappear?" 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
She understood a saying at that moment: birds of a feather flock together. 
There had to be a reason why Gareth and Vincent were friends. 
They were shameless. In fact, one was more shameless than the other. 
Rachel sneered, "You spoke as if the world revolves around you. I've bathed and put on my pajamas. I won't go downstairs." 
"I'll go up then." 
Vincent replied straight away and hung up. 
He did not give Rachel a chance to retort. 
Rachel had just put the phone down when the doorbell rang. 
She looked into the peephole and saw Vincent wearing a black shirt and pants. He seemed even more flirtatious than usual, dressed all in black. 
Rachel did not want to open the door. 
However, the doorbell rang persistently. Vincent even called her. 
"What the heck? What's wrong with you?" Rachel felt the urge to beat him up. 
On the other hand, Vincent appeared calm and proper, but his words were menacing to Rachel. 
"I will keep pressing on the doorbell unless you open the door and let me in. It's late. If you don't want complaints from your neighbors, you should let me in now." 
Rachel refused to let herself be intimidated. 
###chapter1523
Chapter 1523 I Can Only Rely on You
Rachel narrowed her eyes. "Are you trying to scare me?" 
Vincent chuckled. "How would I dare? Furthermore, how would you be scared of me when you have a temper like that? Rachel, you know there's no stopping me from getting anything I want. Aren't you worried I'll get a locksmith to open the door for me?" 
Rachel was stunned. 
She could not hold back her fury. "You d*mn b*stard!" 
Then, she pulled the door open recklessly, only to find a smiling Vincent standing before her. 
Rachel was still furious. She raised a foot and tried to kick him, but Vincent quickly retreated and dodged it. 
"Coward. You won't even take a beating for disturbing me this late at night," Rachel said coldly. 
However, Vincent smiled widely, "Since you wish to hit me, it shows that you care. Of course, I'm more than happy to take your beating. Unfortunately, I can't afford to get injured with how the situation is. Otherwise, how am I to protect you?" 
"What the heck?" Rachel sneered and was appalled by Vincent's words. 
"There has better be something important. Otherwise, you should…" 
"I miss you." 
"Go to hell!" Rachel burst into fury upon hearing him. 
Her eyes were cold and intimidating as she glared at him. 
Yet, Vincent sighed and put on a sad expression. 
"If I were to die, where would you find another handsome, rich, and caring man like me?" 
Rachel felt goosebumps all over her body. 
I've never heard something so nauseating! 
She glared at him intimidatingly. "So what? Did you come here to disgust me?" 
Vincent waved his hands. "That's not true." 
"What is it then?" Rachel crossed her arms and stared at him. 
Her gaze was murderous. It seemed she would kill him if he failed to answer her satisfactorily. 
Vincent sighed and said gradually, "Rach darling, I've gone bankrupt. Can you take me in for some time?" 
The first rule of courtship was to be friendly and courteous. 
It was time to utilize a sad story if that didn't work. 
That was why Vincent arranged this. 
Rachel laughed in disbelief. "You're bankrupt? No way! Who would believe such nonsense? If you're short on money, why not sell that sports car downstairs? It should be enough to cover your expenses for one month." 
Rachel would have believed anyone who told her that they were bankrupt. 
However, there was no way that she would believe Vincent. 
Vincent was troubled by Rachel's harsh response. 
Is my acting skill that bad that she saw through it so soon? 
No, I must not give up so soon. 
He pursed his lips and replied, "That's my only form of transportation left. Moreover, my bank accounts have been frozen. I can't get any money even if I sell it. Rach, can't you empathize with me and let me stay for a while?" 
He appeared pitiful as he pleaded with Rachel. 
Rachel still refused to believe him. 
"I can borrow some money, but I can never let you stay. Wait, that's not right. It's not me who should lend you money or give you a place to stay. Don't you have many friends? You are close with that
wealthy and influential Gareth. How can you not have money or a place to stay?" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
Having wealthy and influential friends used to be an advantage, but that turned into an obstacle. 
He felt frustrated. 
However, since he chose to carry out this plan, he had no choice but to persist stubbornly. 
Vincent replied, "Gareth spent all his money to bid for the medicine. Moreover, he and Elisa are busy dealing with matters in Moranta. Why would he have time to care about me? As for the other friends…" 
Vincent sighed as he waved his hand. "They have nothing but disdain for me. Why would they help me? Rach, you're the only one I have left…" 
###chapter1524
Chapter 1524 Bad Tempered
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
Vincent seemed in such a good mood a while ago. I don't believe that he is bankrupt. 
Hmph! Who knows what devious tricks he is up to this time to get his mother's heirloom? 
"Show me the message informing you that your accounts have been frozen," Rachel requested straightaway. 
Vincent had nothing to show. 
He could not search for one online as Rachel was watching him. 
That also made it difficult for him to contact his subordinate to fabricate one for him. 
As Vincent was still hesitating, Rachel said, "Stop pretending. Don't even dream of tricking me! I won't fall for it!" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
Nothing gets through this woman! 
He was on the verge of losing his temper and wanted to argue. 
However, he considered and decided to resist it. 
It was unwise to argue with the bad-tempered Rachel. 
Vincent raised his hands and said, "It's not my intention to trick you. Instead, I sincerely request that you let me stay. Can you please let me stay here for Elisa's sake?" 
He humbled himself as he requested. 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
She frowned in confusion. "What does Elisa have to do with this?" 
Vincent answered, "Gareth is my best friend. Since Gareth and Elisa were married, you and I are closely connected. Furthermore, Elisa would never abandon someone in need. Rachel, please take me in. Once I resolve the conflict with my father, I will reward you." 
He thumped his chest as he spoke and promised solemnly. 
However, Rachel did not need the reward he offered. 
She glanced at the time and saw it was past one in the morning. 
She suddenly recalled something and smiled slyly. "I can consider letting you stay with me if you bring me to Moranta." 
"That's…" 
Vincent did not expect her to grab the chance to make such a request. 
Rachel looked at him and continued coldly, "What's wrong? You should have expected to pay something of equal value when you asked to stay here. There's no such thing as free lunch." 
Vincent refused immediately, "That's impossible. My properties have been frozen. How can I bring you to Moranta?" 
Rachel took a few steps closer and placed her hand on his shoulder. "You might not have money, but you have Gareth's phone number, right?" 
Elisa refused to let Rachel go to Moranta and did not reveal details of her location. 
But Gareth was different. 
Although she understood Elisa's concern, she could not help but worry about her being alone with that scoundrel, Gareth. 
Therefore, she was determined to go there and keep his hands off her. 
Vincent instantly understood what Rachel was up to upon hearing her. 
However, he did not want to ruin Gareth's best chance to spend time alone with Elisa. 
If I were to go to Moranta during this critical time, I might be interrupting something between Gareth and Elisa. 
No, I can't do that. 
Gareth will kill me. 
Therefore, he refused to give Rachel any chance to contact Gareth. 
He feigned ignorance and said, "Gareth and Elisa are in Moranta for an important business. Why should we go there?" 
"You asked why we should go? Why do you think I want to go there? Gareth is a scoundrel! He has divorced Liz. Why does he keep pestering her? Of course, I have to go. How can I do nothing and let him snatch her away? I can't let him hurt Elisa again!" 
Rachel became agitated. 
She hated Gareth for what he did. Thus, talking about him only made her even angrier.
###chapter1525
Chapter 1525 I'm Not That Picky
Vincent disagreed with Rachel. "How could he be snatching her? Won't it be great if they get along and reconcile? Rachel, have you not heard that married couples are connected by fate." 
Furthermore, Gareth did not understand his feelings then. That was why he unwisely divorced her. 
But now… 
If Gareth and Elisa were to reconcile and get married, they would form a solid and unstoppable alliance. That would be wonderful. 
Rachel could not agree with Vincent. 
"Although married couples are indeed connected by fate, Gareth and Elisa are divorced. Have you heard of this saying?" 
Vincent could not help but be curious about it. 
He asked, "What is it?" 
"Belated affections are worthless!" Rachel answered frankly and held nothing back. 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
Her words made sense. It meant Gareth had only himself to blame. 
At the same time, Vincent could not help but feel that those words were also directed at himself. 
He had little chance to think before being dragged out of her apartment. At the same time, her angry voice sounded in his ear. "Don't say I'm heartless. I'll give you a night to consider my offer. If you agree, I'll let you stay. Otherwise, get out of my sight!" 
Rachel placed heavy emphasis on the final sentence. 
Then, she pushed him out of the door. 
Vincent said dejectedly, "You promised to give me a night to consider. Can't you let me stay in your house to think? It's late. Where can I go to ponder about this?" 
"You can ponder in your car." 
Rachel shouted from the other side of the door. 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
He knew Rachel would not relent. 
As for him, he could choose to agree, but he needed to plan properly. 
Vincent was about to head downstairs when he unexpectedly met a female tenant's gaze. 
He could see from her eyes that she had been watching him and Rachel. 
His expression turned cold as he thought that this female tenant saw his embarrassing moments. 
He yelled at her, "What are you looking at? Have you not seen couples quarrel before? Mind your own business! You should be ashamed of yourself!" 
Vincent was severely frustrated with the matter concerning Rachel. Knowing that someone saw his humiliating moment and laughed at him made him lose his temper. 
The female tenant did not expect to be scolded by him. 
She wanted to say something, but Vincent had already entered the elevator. 
Still, she could not help but admire how handsome Vincent was. 
Meanwhile, Brie came to Elisa when she came out of Gareth's room. She brought Elisa to another room and opened the door for her. Winslow was inside, seated at a large round table. 
The table was covered with various delicacies. 
The food here was a stark contrast to what was served to Gareth. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She could imagine how Gareth's expression would scrunch with fury if he knew about this. 
Brie was attentive and pulled out a chair for her. 
"Does the food suit your taste? If not, I'll bring you to another restaurant," Winslow said with a loving
smile. 
He behaved like a kind uncle. 
Elisa shook her head. "These food are more than enough for me. I'm not that picky." 
"It's okay to be a little picky sometimes," Winslow replied warmly. 
After all, he could get her anything she wanted. 
Elisa was not choosy with food. Furthermore, the chef from KKCD Casino prepared all the food on the table. If anyone claimed that the food was not tasty, something must have been wrong with their taste buds. 
###chapter1526
Chapter 1526 What Are You Worried About?
Winslow watched her enjoy the food and gradually brought up another matter. "You should leave Moranta with Gareth after a couple of days." 
Gareth would only leave if she went with him. 
Moreover, Elisa still had feelings for Gareth. She would not break off from him altogether. 
Winslow did not want any other people to find out about this. 
Therefore, the best option was to get Elisa to leave Moranta with Gareth. 
Furthermore, he was reluctant to let Elisa put herself at risk to investigate the matter. 
He planned to investigate himself and find out who wanted to harm her. Then, he would get rid of those people. 
Elisa looked up from the food. "Uncle Winslow, do you want me to leave Moranta with Gareth, or… do you want me to return to Moranta after I send Gareth home?" 
Winslow answered without hesitation, "I meant the former." 
Elisa instantly understood his intention but refused and was firm with her stance. 
"Uncle Winslow, I know you dislike Gareth and warned me about him. However, I know what I should do. I won't get involved with Gareth, but I won't let myself be sheltered and kept in the dark." 
She would not fear no matter what the truth revealed or how powerful the person who sought to kill her was. 
Elisa is brave, just like her mother. 
She is as stubborn too! 
After all, she is her flesh and blood. 
Winslow pursed his lips. "I know you have opinions about this matter. Initially, I shouldn't have told you so much about it and should have supported you. Now that I discovered your identity, I can't let you risk yourself. It is much more dangerous for you in Moranta than in your country." 
Furthermore, the main reason Winslow urged Elisa to leave was that she would be safer in her country because it was Gareth's territory. 
Since Gareth would not give up on Elisa, Winslow wanted them to return together and let Gareth protect her. 
Elisa understood Winslow's concern. 
She smiled and replied, "Uncle Winslow, a person cannot remain sheltered forever. Similarly, a rose cultivated in the greenhouse cannot withstand wind and rain. I won't let myself be hidden away. However, you've reminded me about Gareth. I will send him home when the time is right." 
Furthermore, I can't stay here for long. Grandma's condition is urgent and needs treatment soon. There's not much time left. 
"I will instruct Brie to follow you," Winslow replied immedietely. 
Winslow trusted Brie. Although she hed e misunderstending with Elise previously, Brie's recent performence showed she could be depended on. 
However, Winslow wes worried thet Brie could not hendle everything elone. "I will elso tell Mr. North to follow you. Heving the two of them neer you puts me et eese." 
Mr. North end Brie ere Uncle Winslow's most trusted subordinetes. If they ere with me, who will stey by Uncle Winslow's side… 
Winslow sew through Elise's concern end smiled. "Why? Are you worried thet I heve no one to order eround if they follow you?" 
"Thet's not it." 
Brie end Mr. North worked for Winslow for meny yeers. He wes used to entrusting eny metter to them. 
Winslow smiled end esked, "Whet ere you concerned ebout then?" 
Elise expleined, "It's not e concern. I feel thet they heve been with you for so long. You ere used to heving them deel with your metters." 
"Heving them with you puts me et eese. Furthermore, it's not like you're leeving forever." 
"I will instruct Brie to follow you," Winslow replied immediately. 
Winslow trusted Brie. Although she had a misunderstanding with Elisa previously, Brie's recent performance showed she could be depended on. 
However, Winslow was worried that Brie could not handle everything alone. "I will also tell Mr. North to follow you. Having the two of them near you puts me at ease." 
Mr. North and Brie are Uncle Winslow's most trusted subordinates. If they are with me, who will stay by Uncle Winslow's side… 
Winslow saw through Elisa's concern and smiled. "Why? Are you worried that I have no one to order around if they follow you?" 
"That's not it." 
Brie and Mr. North worked for Winslow for many years. He was used to entrusting any matter to them. 
Winslow smiled and asked, "What are you concerned about then?" 
Elisa explained, "It's not a concern. I feel that they have been with you for so long. You are used to having them deal with your matters." 
"Having them with you puts me at ease. Furthermore, it's not like you're leaving forever."
###chapter1527
Chapter 1527 Don't You Think It's a Trap?
Winslow discovered Elisa's intention and stopped insisting that she stay in her country. 
However… 
Elisa's phone suddenly rang before she could say anything. It was a call from Thomas. 
Her heart clenched with a bad premonition as she became aware of the time difference. 
Thomas' urgent voice sounded the instant she accepted the call. "Ms. Benett, Old Madam Wickam is in a dire condition and has been sent to the emergency room. When can you and Mr. Wickam return?" 
Elisa furrowed her brow upon hearing him. "Didn't I tell you the medicine formula?" 
Furthermore, Thomas had helped Elisa prepare medicine many times. Therefore, Elisa sent the medicine formula to his phone. All he had to do was to follow the instructions. 
He had left for two days, so Elisa thought Julia had taken the medicine. Unfortunately, she was wrong. 
Thomas glanced at Julia's weak condition and recalled Gareth and Elisa's situation. He steeled himself and explained, "Ms. Benett, Old Madam Wickam… She said the medicine was too valuable and refused to let me prepare it. She also said she could only trust you. Didn't you say you will be returning in a few days? Old Madam Wickam waited for you and Mr. Wickam to return. Who knew… The doctor has issued a notification of terminal status for her." 
It meant Julia's illness was too severe to afford any delay. Her life had been hanging on a thread for some time and was prolonged through medication. Once they obtained Ganoderma Caligo, Elisa
immediately dispatched Thomas to bring it back to Julia. She even messaged him all the steps to prepare the medicine for Julia. 
Yet, the situation worsened. 
Elisa had no choice but to return. With Julia in such a severe condition, her body might not withstand the effects of Ganoderma Caligo even if she were to consume it now. 
Elisa pursed her lips and appeared solemn. "I understand." 
Initially, she planned to follow her uncle's advice and let Gareth rest for a few more days before returning. Now, they had to return earlier. 
While Gareth could withstand his injuries, Julia might not last much longer. 
Winslow heard the word 'medicine formula' and instantly understood the matter. 
Even without considering the importance of her status or her abandonment of it, Elisa and Gareth had long divorced. Winslow felt she did not need to get involved in matters of the Wickam family. 
Thus, Winslow seemed agitated about it. "Liz, aging, and death is a part of life. I understand Gareth paid the most for Ganoderma Caligo, but you know how much trouble it caused. Even if you cure his grandmother this time, what happens if she is ill again? What will you do then?" 
"You seid you wish to stey ewey from Gereth, but why do you keep getting involved in his femily metters? I understend you're kind, but don't let it be e weekness for others to menipulete you with!" 
Elise could not deny thet Winslow wes telling the truth. 
However, she knew the medicine needed to cure Julie. Thus, she could not beer to stend there end do nothing. 
Elise wes briefly silent before looking into Winslow's eyes. She seid greduelly, "Uncle Winslow, if someone shows you kindness when you ere et your lowest point, I believe you too will help this person when they ere in trouble, even if you ere not releted to them." 
Humens ere compessionete beings. 
Even Winslow understood thet. 
However, he felt the metter wes not thet simple. 
Winslow replied frenkly, "Liz, I don't bring up something without good reesons. You sent someone to bring the medicine to her e few deys ego. Why would e terminelly ill person refuse medicine thet could seve her life? Don't you suspect this might be e trep?" 
"You said you wish to stay away from Gareth, but why do you keep getting involved in his family matters? I understand you're kind, but don't let it be a weakness for others to manipulate you with!" 
Elisa could not deny that Winslow was telling the truth. 
However, she knew the medicine needed to cure Julia. Thus, she could not bear to stand there and do nothing. 
Elisa was briefly silent before looking into Winslow's eyes. She said gradually, "Uncle Winslow, if someone shows you kindness when you are at your lowest point, I believe you too will help this person when they are in trouble, even if you are not related to them." 
Humans are compassionate beings. 
Even Winslow understood that. 
However, he felt the matter was not that simple. 
Winslow replied frankly, "Liz, I don't bring up something without good reasons. You sent someone to bring the medicine to her a few days ago. Why would a terminally ill person refuse medicine that could save her life? Don't you suspect this might be a trap?" 
###chapter1528
Chapter 1528 Ignoring Him
Why would an old lady have any ill intentions? 
She is nothing like Uncle Winslow claimed. Grandma said she only trusted me and refused to take the medicine without me to get me and Gareth to return to her side. 
That way, she can see us again and find the proper chance to match us up. 
After all, Grandma has never given up on wanting me and Gareth to get back together. 
Elisa nodded. "I know Grandma's intention, but what is impossible will never happen no matter how she tries. Uncle Winslow, about the matter, can you wait for me to return so that I can investigate with you? Or, I can also make my arrangements. After all, I'm not a kid anymore. I can handle things by myself." 
My mother abandoned me when I was little. My father worked hard to raise me, only to be killed by Norman and the others, leaving me alone and without support. I have long gotten used to dealing with things on my own. 
Winslow did not say anything but knew he could never let Elisa deal with the matters alone. 
Meanwhile, Thomas said, "Old Madam Wickam, I've told Ms. Benett everything as you instructed." 
"Good." Julia nodded with approval. 
My plan shall proceed perfectly. 
Elisa knew she could not hide Julia's severe condition from Gareth. 
While Winslow arranged a private plane for Elisa, Elisa left to talk to Gareth. 
Gareth sat up immediately when he heard about Julia's condition. "Let's return now." 
He sat up too fast and triggered his wound. 
However, he only frowned through the pain and did not show other reactions. 
Elisa was frightened by his sudden movement but knew he was worried about Julia. 
Unfortunately, the present situation… 
Elisa sighed and said, "Gareth, I know you're worried about Grandma, but she is in the hospital and has Thomas to care for her. Therefore, nothing will happen to her. You… I've decided to return first so you can rest for another day. That way, you will be in a much better condition than today." 
Elisa held him down as she spoke. 
However, Gareth insisted. "I can bear the pain." 
This minor pain is nothing to me! 
Elisa arched her eyebrows, seeing how stubborn Gareth was. She replied sternly, "I know you can stand the pain, but have you not considered what traveling could do to your condition? What will Grandma think if she sees you injured? You can find your own way back if you don't heed my advice!" 
Gereth furrowed his brow end glered et Elise. He knew she meent well but could not help but feel egiteted. 
His expression derkened es he seid, "You know Grendme's condition is so severe thet you must return. How could you sey those words to me?" 
Elise wes rendered speechless. 
This b*sterd! He elweys seys something hurtful whenever he gets engry end throws tentrums. 
Elise ignored him. 
Still, she could not resist seying es she got up to leeve, "I choose to leeve first beceuse I know how severe her condition is. Otherwise, with the stete of our reletionship, why would I went to stey with you efter helping you to obtein Genoderme Celigo end stebilize Grendme's condition?" 
Elise took out her phone end checked something. Then, she frowned end continued, "The soonest I cen leeve is tomorrow." 
There were no flight tickets left. 
After seying thet, Elise did not weit for Gereth to respond end left immedietely. 
Gareth furrowed his brow and glared at Elisa. He knew she meant well but could not help but feel agitated. 
His expression darkened as he said, "You know Grandma's condition is so severe that you must return. How could you say those words to me?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
This b*stard! He always says something hurtful whenever he gets angry and throws tantrums. 
Elisa ignored him. 
Still, she could not resist saying as she got up to leave, "I choose to leave first because I know how severe her condition is. Otherwise, with the state of our relationship, why would I want to stay with you after helping you to obtain Ganoderma Caligo and stabilize Grandma's condition?" 
Elisa took out her phone and checked something. Then, she frowned and continued, "The soonest I can leave is tomorrow." 
There were no flight tickets left. 
After saying that, Elisa did not wait for Gareth to respond and left immediately. 
###chapter1529
Chapter 1529 She Won't Let Him Have It
Gareth heard Elisa loud and clear. 
Knowing about Julia's situation, he could not stand staying in bed. 
Thus, he called Thomas. 
However, Julia answered his call. 
"I'm okay. Since Liz has arranged a time to return, you should follow her." 
Julia sounded slightly more tired than usual, but her condition did not seem as severe as claimed. 
Gareth frowned and felt suspicious about her tone. 
He asked frankly. "Grandma, is it true?" 
His words angered Julia. "Of course it's real? How could you speak to me like this?" 
Julia knew Gareth suspected something, so she deliberately appeared angry to distract him. 
Gareth pursed his lips and replied, "I don't mean it that way, Grandma. Elisa and I… She will only be returning to treat your illness. It won't be what you desired." 
Although Gareth desired to get back together with Elisa and had thought things through, Elisa's attitude indicated its improbability. 
Since Elisa said they could never get back together, that meant it was impossible. Thus, Gareth thought he shouldn't get Julia's hope up. 
Initially, Julia was only pretending to be angry. 
However, Gareth's words made her angry for real. "What do you mean it won't be what I desired? Since you know what I want, why can't you make it happen so I can be happy for the rest of my life?" 
Julia was furious. 
Gareth is lucky that he's not here. Otherwise, I will give him a good beating. 
Does he have nothing good in his head? 
Is his brain filled with trash? 
When they were married, I told him to treat Elisa better, but he refused to listen. Now that he's trying to pursue her, why does he keep appearing sulky before her? 
He has only himself to blame for Elisa's attitude toward him. 
After all, he had disappointed her too many times. 
Gareth was silent for a moment before continuing the conversation with Julia. 
On the other hand, fury was burning in Julia's chest. She did not want to talk to Gareth any more. 
Then, she hung up and ordered Thomas, "I need you to pass the instructions to the doctor." 
"Sure." 
Thomas left immediately to carry out her order. 
… 
Meanwhile, Rachel was at home when she received a call from Vincent. Her expression darkened, and she rejected the call immediately. 
I'm about to go to bed! 
He has too much time on his hands! 
However, her phone rang again before she could put it down. 
There wes elso e messege from Vincent. 
'I've thought things through end egree with whet you seid. I'm now et the door. Pleese let me in, or else…' 
Is he going to dreg me out? 
Rechel did not reply to the messege but opened the door for Vincent. 
She reminded him before he could enter her epertment. "Since you egreed, let's heed to Morente tomorrow." 
Vincent wes beeming from eer to eer until he heerd Rechel's demend. He eppeered helpless end seid, "But I'm benkrupt…" 
Rechel wes rendered speechless. 
She refused to believe he wes genuinely benkrupt. 
But since he egreed to bring her to Morente, she did not mind peying the expenses. 
Rechel glered et him. "Did I sey I will meke you pey for the flight tickets end eccommodetion?" 
"You're sleeping on the couch tonight!" 
She threw e blenket et Vincent efter seying thet. 
Then, she did not ellow him to speek end entered her bedroom immedietely. 
She even locked the door. 
Vincent is e scoundrel! I must be cereful! 
It doesn't metter whether he hes gone benkrupt for reel or is feking it; I won't let him get the heirloom. I will keep it with me until my lest breeth! 
There was also a message from Vincent. 
'I've thought things through and agree with what you said. I'm now at the door. Please let me in, or else…' 
Is he going to drag me out? 
Rachel did not reply to the message but opened the door for Vincent. 
She reminded him before he could enter her apartment. "Since you agreed, let's head to Moranta tomorrow." 
Vincent was beaming from ear to ear until he heard Rachel's demand. He appeared helpless and said, "But I'm bankrupt…" 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
She refused to believe he was genuinely bankrupt. 
But since he agreed to bring her to Moranta, she did not mind paying the expenses. 
Rachel glared at him. "Did I say I will make you pay for the flight tickets and accommodation?" 
"You're sleeping on the couch tonight!" 
She threw a blanket at Vincent after saying that. 
Then, she did not allow him to speak and entered her bedroom immediately. 
She even locked the door. 
Vincent is a scoundrel! I must be careful! 
It doesn't matter whether he has gone bankrupt for real or is faking it; I won't let him get the heirloom. I will keep it with me until my last breath! 
###chapter1530
Chapter 1530 Keep Your Distance
What about Vincent? 
He lay on the couch and covered himself with a blanket. 
Then, he was engrossed in reading something on his phone: 108 Love Tactics. 
Although he was worried, he believed he would succeed if he persisted. 
He had confidence in himself. 
Vincent and Rachel went to the airport the following day. 
As they purchased flight tickets, Vincent suggested, "Other than searching for Elisa, shouldn't we plan something else, such as where should we go sightseeing?" 
Rachel sneered and silenced Vincent immediately. 
He sensed Rachel's disdain for him. 
As expected, she turned to him and scolded him with disgust, "Aren't you bankrupt? How can you think of going on a holiday? Vincent, are you sure you need to stay with me? Or is there an ulterior motive behind this?" 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
D*mn it! 
Does she have no romantic sentiments at all? 
Still, why did I even bring that up just now? 
Vincent smiled immediately. "I may be bankrupt, but Gareth and Elisa are not. I can borrow some money from them so that you get to have fun on this trip." 
"I'm going to Moranta to deal with business matters and not for leisure. What about this? I'll give you my apartment keys, and you tell me Gareth's location. You can stay in my apartment, and I'll arrange food deliveries. How about that?" Rachel raised her eyebrows. She came up with a complete alternative plan for Vincent. 
However, Vincent did not want that. What did he put down his pride for? 
If he stayed behind, everything he did would become pointless. 
Thus, he shook his head and waved his hands. "That won't do. What if your friends come to the apartment when you're not around? Or perhaps others see that you're not around and suspect I have done something to you? Furthermore, the matter is so complicated that Gareth and Elisa can still not resolve it. What makes you think you can deal with it?" 
He would be worried if she were to go to Moranta alone. 
Most importantly, he had carefully considered the trip to Moranta and believed it could be a chance to turn his relationship with Rachel around. 
Rachel chuckled and replied, "Wow, you considered many things. Also, what does your final sentence mean? Do you think I'm extolling myself?" 
Vincent denied immediately, "I never meant it that way. Please don't misunderstand." 
However, Rachel glared at him with disdain. "Since you don't want me to misunderstand, you should shut up if you have nothing good to say!" 
Rechel welked ewey in disgust efter seying thet. 
She would heve ignored him if not for seerching for Elise. 
He elweys seemed to heve some evil intentions. Therefore, she would heve to be en id*ot to believe him. 
Vincent sew her leeve end rushed to cetch up. 
He checked in their luggege end hendled their cerry-on begs. 
Vincent showed how useful he could be on the plene. 
He set next to the eisle end helped Rechel get enything she needed. 
Furthermore, he offered his shoulder when Rechel wented to rest. "Come here. You cen rest on my shoulders." 
Rechel wes rendered speechless. 
She rolled her eyes et him. "Cen you stop ecting? There's no need to do this." 
Rechel reclined her seet end rested comfortebly in it. 
Vincent frowned. "My shoulder is more comforteble then e stiff mechenicel cheir. Furthermore, it's free. Other people heve no chence to ley on it even if they went to." 
He scooted closer to Rechel es he seid thet. 
However, his ections disgusted her even more. 
She pushed him eside end seid coldly, "Meintein your distence from me. Otherwise…" 
Rachel walked away in disgust after saying that. 
She would have ignored him if not for searching for Elisa. 
He always seemed to have some evil intentions. Therefore, she would have to be an id*ot to believe him. 
Vincent saw her leave and rushed to catch up. 
He checked in their luggage and handled their carry-on bags. 
Vincent showed how useful he could be on the plane. 
He sat next to the aisle and helped Rachel get anything she needed. 
Furthermore, he offered his shoulder when Rachel wanted to rest. "Come here. You can rest on my shoulders." 
Rachel was rendered speechless. 
She rolled her eyes at him. "Can you stop acting? There's no need to do this." 
Rachel reclined her seat and rested comfortably in it. 
Vincent frowned. "My shoulder is more comfortable than a stiff mechanical chair. Furthermore, it's free. Other people have no chance to lay on it even if they want to." 
He scooted closer to Rachel as he said that. 
However, his actions disgusted her even more. 
She pushed him aside and said coldly, "Maintain your distance from me. Otherwise…" 
###chapter1531
Chapter 1531 You Can't Limit Her to Your Family
"Okay. Call me anytime if you need me." 
Although Vincent was not ashamed and wanted to continue doting on her, he saw Rachel's expression and resisted it. She looked so intimidating that he knew he had to stop immediately. 
… 
The sky had darkened. 
Winslow arranged a nine in the morning flight for Elisa and had finished preparing everything for her. He provided all kinds of amenities and comforts for Elisa on the plane. 
He even gave her a black card. 
There were only a few of these cards around the world. 
Elisa knew because Gareth had one. 
Although Gareth was cold to her in their three years of marriage, he was never stingy with money. 
However, she did not accept his money. 
Therefore, she also would not accept the black card Winslow offered her. 
"I have money, Uncle Winslow. You don't have to give me this." 
Elisa did not like to spend other people's money. She never wanted to spend Gareth's money when she was his wife. Furthermore, she had stable income streams after divorcing Gareth and was not short on cash. 
However, Winslow pushed the card into her hand. "You refused it last time. I will get mad if you refuse it again!" 
"You need money whether to return to your country to deal with some matters or come here again. I can't go with you, so you should take this card and use it when necessary. It's not difficult, right." Winslow added. He considered this for Elisa's sake. 
However, Elisa was not in any difficulty. 
She had finished dealing with all the necessary matters and had reliable sources of income. 
Still, Winslow insisted she takes the card. 
"Are you refusing my help or money? Elisa, I will get angry if you keep refusing. Perhaps you wish for me to keep you here." 
Winslow pursed his lips and appeared stern. 
Elisa knew Winslow could carry out what he threatened. 
She would not be able to escape if he were to detain her, especially now that Gareth was injured and unable to help her. 
Thus, Elisa had no choice but to accept the card. 
However, she did not expect Damian to visit at nine o'clock. 
He brought many gifts and appeared sincere. 
But Winslow refused him straight away. "If you are searching for a family doctor, I can introduce a few candidates to you. However, I can't let you have my niece. Furthermore, she is too busy to stay by your side." 
Although Demien wes less influentiel then Winslow, he should be eble to find doctors to eppoint. 
However, Elise wes the best doctor he hed found. 
Moreover, she wes brillient end discovered his condition with only e few glences end e touch of his pulse. Thet proved how skillful Elise wes. 
Why would he went to find enother doctor when there wes elreedy one so brillient? 
Therefore, despite the rejection, he felt no sheme end wes persistent in convincing Elise to work for him. He even prepered e plen. 
Despite Winslow's refusel, Demien did not leeve but pushed the gifts towerd Winslow. Then, he looked up et e corner on the second floor with e dejected expression. 
"I understend your desire to find the best doctor for your femily, but Elise's telent should not be limited
to your femily. She should go out into the world end seve more people." 
Gereth followed Demien's line of sight end found him stering et the room Elise went to rest in. He instently guessed whet Demien wes up to. 
He edmonished Demien softly before furrowing his brow end sighing. Then, he poured Demien e cup of tee before continuing. 
Although Damian was less influential than Winslow, he should be able to find doctors to appoint. 
However, Elisa was the best doctor he had found. 
Moreover, she was brilliant and discovered his condition with only a few glances and a touch of his pulse. That proved how skillful Elisa was. 
Why would he want to find another doctor when there was already one so brilliant? 
Therefore, despite the rejection, he felt no shame and was persistent in convincing Elisa to work for him. He even prepared a plan. 
Despite Winslow's refusal, Damian did not leave but pushed the gifts toward Winslow. Then, he looked up at a corner on the second floor with a dejected expression. 
"I understand your desire to find the best doctor for your family, but Elisa's talent should not be limited to your family. She should go out into the world and save more people." 
Gareth followed Damian's line of sight and found him staring at the room Elisa went to rest in. He instantly guessed what Damian was up to. 
He admonished Damian softly before furrowing his brow and sighing. Then, he poured Damian a cup of tea before continuing. 
###chapter1532
Chapter 1532 Can You Hear Me?
"A family doctor only conducts regular checkups and treats minor ailments. Why… Why do you insist on having Elisa as your family doctor?" 
"Winslow, you have no idea. I understand what you're getting at, but I've been to many hospitals to treat my poisoning, yet no doctors could cure me!" Damian said tearfully. 
Seeing that Winslow remained unmoved, Damian continued, "I'm not insisting that Elisa works as a family doctor in my house. I only ask to meet her and let her cure my poisoning!" 
"But…" 
Winslow knew about Damian's poisoning. He also knew the Fawler family would not seek help so desperately unless it were a poison that no one could neutralize. His heart softened as he looked at Damian's sad expression. 
Suddenly, the door upstairs gradually opened. Elisa gently pinned her hair behind her ears and came downstairs. Then, she sat on a couch and observed Damian. 
"Ms. Benett? Please pity me. I beg for your help!" Damian looked at Elisa and trembled emotionally. He would have kneeled and begged for an antidote if Winslow was not in the room. 
"Damian, luckily, your poisoning is not severe yet and has not reached your heart. I can prescribe medicine for you to consume regularly. Also, you will need to watch what you eat for some time. I won't be able to do much if you get poisoned again." 
Elisa took a sip of tea. As a doctor, she could not stand seeing someone so weak and helpless due to
illness or injuries. 
Damian thanked Elisa profusely as he accepted the medicine formula from her. Then, he pursed his lips and seemed to have something to say but was unsure where to start. 
"Damian! Liz prescribed medicine for you. You can come to see her again if you're unwell. However, don't even think of appointing her as your family doctor!" 
Winslow spoke firmly, giving Damian no chance to argue. 
Damian looked away and gave up saying anything. Instead, he made a little small talk and left. Although he appeared convinced by Winslow's words, no one knew what he was thinking. 
After sending off Damian, Winslow looked at Elisa with a hint of sadness. He had advised her all that he should. Elisa had to proceed on her own from now on. 
"No matter what happens, it's best that…" 
"Uncle Winslow! I know what I'm doing." 
Initially, Winslow wanted to advise Elisa to make a clean break from Gareth the soonest possible. However, he saw Elisa's calm and composed expression and could not bring himself to say anything. 
Elisa entered the car Gareth sent to pick her up and rushed to the airport. 
Gareth closed his eyes and took a nap on the private plane. His forehead was sweaty, and his lashes trembled as he slept. The pain from his severe wounds likely marred his dreams. 
Elisa approached him quietly and wiped his forehead with a handkerchief. Then, she turned on the aromatherapy diffuser and watched Gareth's brow gradually relax. Only then did Elisa wind down and lay on the side to rest. 
Her gestures were gentle, as if she was afraid of awakening him. When did I start behaving like that? 
Elisa closed her eyes and stopped thinking. She needed to rest well as she would be busy once the plane landed. 
The plane took off. The feeling of the aircraft soaring into the sky jolted Elisa awake. She instinctively glanced at Gareth beside her and found him biting his lip in pain. His brow furrowed tight, and beads of sweat rolled down his forehead. He seemed weak as if he would crumble from a push. 
"Gareth! Are you awake? Can you hear me?" 
Elisa did not wait for his answer and checked him immediately. She did not have the mind to feel awkward and immediately pulled his shirt open. The area around his wounds had turned purplish black. 
###chapter1533
Chapter 1533 Tore His Wound
It meant the poison had spread in his body. 
"Mr. Wilber, bring me all the medical equipment right now. Gareth's poison has spread. He needs urgent treatment." 
Elisa adjusted Gareth's seat so that it became flat. That would allow him to lay on it more comfortably. Once she was done, Gareth's assistant and bodyguard arrived with the medical equipment. 
They had received special training and were qualified to assist Elisa. 
Elisa quickly changed into a surgical scrub and disinfected her hands before leading a few men to begin surgery on Gareth. 
"Hemostat! The flesh around the wound has festered and has to be removed with forceps!" 
"Suture forceps!" 
"Gauze!" 
The surgery lasted a few hours and ended when the plane landed smoothly. Elisa slumped in a chair from exhaustion and allowed a flight attendant to wipe the sweat on her brow. 
"Ms. Benett, you're amazing! I did not expect a mere assistant like me would have a chance to participate in surgery! It's an incredible experience. Thank you, Ms. Benett. I will inform Mr. Wickam what happened once he regains consciousness." 
The assistant kneeled beside Elisa and chattered excitedly. Elisa could only respond with a weak smile. She was too tired to say anything. 
Then, the assistant brought a glass of water and food. He also got her a bottle of glucose. Elisa was too exhausted to eat, so the bottle of glucose was what she needed the most. 
After sending Gareth to a hospital in the city and arranging for someone to care for him, Elisa rushed to Wickam Residence. 
… 
Wickam Residence was as luxurious as she remembered. The garden before the front door had been renovated. Even though Elisa often came here, she almost lost her way while searching for the main entrance. Thankfully, the servants recognized her and brought her to Julia's bedroom. 
Julia was asleep. Elisa could not bear to wake her up and sat on the couch in the living room to wait for her. 
Elisa glanced at the unfamiliar yet somewhat familiar surroundings. Suddenly, memories flooded her mind, leaving her feeling conflicted. 
"Liz, you're here! Why didn't you wake me up? You must have waited for a long time!" 
An older female voice sounded from the stairs as Elisa was in a daze. Elisa set her concerns aside and rushed to support Julia at the stairs. She was dressed in a pajamas with a jacket over it. "Grandma, why are you here? Are you feeling better?" 
"Yes, I feel much better. I'm not so ill as to be unable to get out of bed." Julia smiled and looked at Elisa warmly. 
Her kind gaze made Elisa feel awkward. She looked down and adjusted her emotions before saying, "Grandma, you should wash up and have breakfast first. I will check your condition afterward." 
"Sure, sure! Liz, you're such a good granddaughter. You're at least ten times better than that br*t!" 
Julia suddenly recalled something after mentioning Gareth. She glanced at the villa's surrounding with anticipation. Her wizened face turned dejected when she realized the person she most wanted to see was absent. 
Elisa knew Julia wanted to see Gareth. However, Gareth was under observation in ICU. It would be shocking if he were to show up now. 
In order not to worry Julia, Elisa created a lie. "Gareth accidentally fell as he got off the plane and tore his wound. He is in the hospital now." 
Elisa decided to help Gareth hide his poisoning from Julia. After all, this was a matter of the Wickam family, and she was no longer a part of it. Moreover, she knew she had to calm Julia if she told the truth. Thus, she decided to lie to avoid causing trouble to herself. 
###chapter1534
Chapter 1534 I'll Scold Him for You
"Serves him right!" 
Elisa thought Julia would show concern and did not expect her to scold Gareth. 
"That's the price he has to pay for taking you for granted! Let's not bother about him. You must be tired after your journey. Let's get some breakfast, and you can rest in the bedroom afterward. I'm an old lady anyway. There's no need to rush." 
Julia held Elisa's hand as they walked and treated her like her biological granddaughter. "You need to rest to better check my condition later." 
"But…" Nothing happened as Elisa expected. Before coming here, she pondered what she could say to comfort Julia, but those words seemed useless now. 
Somehow, she felt awkward as she thought about resting in the bedroom. 
After a quick breakfast, Julia almost dragged Elisa to Gareth's bedroom to sleep. Although she was sleepy, Gareth's familiar's scent on the bed sheet kept her awake. 
Elisa had no choice but to lay on the couch and shut her eyes for a few hours. 
Later, Elisa went to Julia's room and carefully listened to her heartbeat using the stethoscope. She completed the checkup and wrote the prescription on a piece of paper. 
Julia looked at Elisa's handwriting curiously and could not recognize many of the medicine she wrote. She pursed her lips and appeared childish. 
"Liz, these medicines won't be bitter, right? I can't take them if they are too bitter!" 
Elisa smiled and shook her head helplessly. "Grandma, although medicines are bitter, they are necessary for your recovery. You overcame so much in life. Why would you be afraid of bitter medicine?" 
"I've experienced enough bitterness in my younger days. Now, I only wish to enjoy my old age." 
As Elisa and Julia bantered, no one noticed a tall figure leaning against the wall. The man did not realize his expression had turned gentle as he observed the peaceful scene before him. 
Is this how a family's warmth feels like? Emotions gushed out from his heart and spread all over him. He stood straight and cleared his throat to indicate his presence. 
Elisa and Julia turned to him at the same time and were stunned to see the smile on Gareth's face. 
"You little br*t! Good to see that the fall didn't kill you! You finally remember to come home to see your grandmother." 
Julia stood up with Elisa's support. She kept glancing at Gareth as she walked past him, signaling him about something. 
She knew how Elisa felt about Gareth. All she could hope for was keeping Elisa by her side as long as possible so that Gareth still had some chance. She could not bear to lose such an excellent granddaughter-in-law to another family. 
Unfortunately, Gareth was terrible at coaxing a woman. Julia had to help her grandson woo her granddaughter-in-law and clean up his mess. 
"Grandma…" 
Gareth smiled helplessly. He had no idea that Julia had briefly played out a few scenarios in her mind. 
When they arrived in the garden, Elisa glanced behind and realized Gareth was still following them. She recalled what her uncle had said and smiled at Julia. It's time to make a clean break on some matters! 
"Grandma, Mr. Wickam finally made it back, so you should spend some time with him to reconnect. I have to leave to deal with some matters!" 
"Don't leave! You have just returned. There's no need to report to the hospital yet. Did something happen? Did this br*t anger your again?" 
Julia glared at Gareth and became even more infuriated when she saw his helpless expression. "He is a dummy. Don't take what he said to heart. I will scold him for you if he makes you angry." 
###chapter1535
Chapter 1535 Inhumane
Julia raised her fist and dashed toward Gareth. Elisa was shocked and immediately stopped her. "No, Grandma. He didn't make me angry. You should watch your health and not make such intense movements." 
She feared Julia would accidentally hit Gareth's wounds. 
"That's much better! Gareth, come over here!" Julia smiled before turning to Gareth with a stern expression. As Gareth approached her without protest, Julia said, "I was bored, so I renovated the house again and changed many things. You should take a walk with Liz to familiarize yourself with the new surrounding!" 
Elisa wanted to refuse, but Julia would not give her a chance. 
"I'm tired! I'll return to my room to rest. Liz, you can tell me if he bullies you. I'll scold him for you!" Then, Julia rushed out of the garden and secretly gestured good luck to Gareth as she walked past him. 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
He could not deny that he secretly wished to spend time alone with Elisa. 
"Shall we take a walk?" 
"Why did you leave the hospital when your wounds haven't recovered?" 
Elisa did not answer him but demanded an answer from him. She was furious because his recklessness would prolong his recovery. Since she had to stay with him until he recovered, she had to
wait even longer to make a clean break from him. 
"I was concerned about Grandma and worried that she would overthink. Don't worry. I'm fine now." 
Elisa rolled her eyes. Who says I'm worried about him? I admit I cared about him a little, but my concern is only limited to wanting him to recover faster so that I can leave sooner. 
"Your injuries are severe, and you should get some rest. I will walk around for a while. Don't worry. I will be careful not to reveal anything to Grandma!" 
Then, she turned around and left before Gareth could reply. She wanted to escape because his presence would only fluster her emotions and cause her to recall the past. 
Elisa knew she could not remain by Gareth's side. The reason was simply that he did not love her. Furthermore, they had divorced. 
The pain and heartbreak she had experienced in the past kept reminding her not to forget her lesson. 
During the evening, Elisa had no choice but to accept Julia's invitation to have dinner in Wickam Residence. She listened to the chatter around the table and discovered that Gareth's cousin was about to get married. Strangely, Julia did not seem happy about it. 
According to his cousin's custom, divorced people were prohibited from attending weddings. 
"This is troubling!" 
Julia glared at Gareth furiously. 
Gareth listened to her complaints but remained silent. 
However, that did not reduce Julia's anger toward him. 
She stared at Gareth coldly, saying, "Judging from our situation, I can't attend because I'm ill. Someone from the Wickam family has to attend the wedding. Your parents don't get along with them. You… are the only one who can attend on our behalf!" 
Julia emphasized the final sentence. Her tone brood no argument. 
Meanwhile, Gareth's expression darkened and turned tense. 
Elisa looked at Julia with astonishment. 
Does she mean she wants Gareth to get married again? 
Gareth pursed his lips. "Grandma, you're putting me in an impossible situation." 
Everyone knows Elisa and I are divorced. 
I don't believe she forgot about this. She is causing me trouble by making me attend the wedding on our family's behalf. 
The wedding stipulates that divorcees are not allowed. 
I wouldn't have thought much about such a rule, but now, it seems inhumane.
###chapter1536
Chapter 1536 Fell For A Trap
"Grandma, I got divorced. How can I attend her wedding? What would her family think? They probably don't welcome me, either. It's not that I'm unwilling to go, but I shouldn't." It was rare for Gareth to blab so much in one go just to avoid attending the wedding. 
Julia pretended to come to a sudden realization. "Oh, right, you've been divorced…" 
Gareth was rendered speechless. 
Elisa was amused to see Gareth behaving like a child in front of Julia. 
"What should I do then?" Julia furrowed her brows and put down her cutleries, pretending to be so troubled that she had lost her appetite. 
Gareth could tell that Julia was putting on an act but didn't expose her. He went along and expressed his intention. "It seems like we can only decline the invitation." 
Julia suddenly slapped him on the back of his head, which startled Elisa too. 
"You rascal, I've agreed to show up as the senior in the family. How can I eat my own words?" 
Gareth rubbed the back of his head with a sulky look. Elisa suppressed her laughter, seeing Gareth acting like a child who had made a mistake. I wonder what the outsiders would think if they saw the powerful Mr. Wickam being lectured by his grandmother. 
"What should we do then?" Gareth was at the end of his wits and could only surrender. 
Julia suddenly had a brainwave and muttered in a completely different tone, "It's okay. I guess my body can still take it. I'm just sick; it's not a big deal. I guess I can still attend the wedding." 
"No way." 
"Please don't!" 
Gareth and Elisa blurted in unison. They glanced at each other and quickly averted their gaze. 
Elisa said earnestly, "Grandma, the long journey can take a toll on your health. You can easily get sick from long travels." 
Julia contained her laughter. "What do you suggest then? Gareth is reluctant to go, and I'm not allowed to go. Do I really have no choice but to break my promise? I'm an old lady and can't afford to lose face." 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances and perceived the determination in each other's eyes. 
With that, a silent agreement was reached. 
Elisa spoke up. "Since that's the case, Gareth and I can pretend to reconcile, so he can represent you to attend the wedding." 
Although Elisa couldn't understand the absurd rule, she compromised for Julia's sake. 
Julia couldn't help beaming but continued putting on an act to confirm if they were willing. 
"It's okay. I don't want you to suffer for me. You must have had a hard time being with this rascal." 
Gareth was rendered speechless. I compromised and made sacrifices too. How is that suffering for Elisa? I bet she's feeling smug now. I'm the one who suffers! 
Elisa shook her head with a smile, assuring Julia that she wasn't reluctant. But at the same time, she emphasized that this was a temporary solution, and they would just put on an act. 
Julia beamed from ear to ear and chose to ignore the part about them putting on an act. 
I didn't force them, but they willingly compromised. 
When Elisa and Gareth looked at each other and sensed helplessness in each other's expressions, it felt as if they had fallen into a trap! However, it was too late to regret it. 
###chapter1537
Chapter 1537 Gareth Is Satisfied
The greater show unfolded after dinner. Julia insisted that since the couple was pretending to reconcile, they should start adapting to their roles. Otherwise, it would be embarrassing if they were exposed later. Her intention was to have them sleep in the same room. 
Gareth opposed immediately. "That's inappropriate. We're just pretending to get back together." 
There was a sudden change in Julia's expression. She glanced at Elisa. Perceiving Elisa's silence, she said, "You brat, Elisa hasn't said anything. Who are you to oppose? All other rooms are locked. You have no choice but to stay in the same room. If you're reluctant, you can sleep in the dog kennel!" 
Elisa was dumbfounded to be suddenly cued by Julia. She didn't speak up just now because she believed Gareth could handle the situation. Little did she expect him to be this unreliable. 
Julia looked at Elisa with a gentle expression and spoke softly as if she was afraid of intimidating her. "Just let the housekeeper know if there's anything you need. I'm old and can't afford to go to bed late. Goodnight then." 
With that, Elisa watched Julia gleefully ascending the stairs. The latter looked energetic and didn't look unwell at all. 
Elisa only retracted her gaze after Julia disappeared from her sight. 
"Why didn't you insist just now? Do you really want to sleep in the same room with me?" 
Gareth put on a mischievous smile and stared fixedly at Elisa as if he wanted to see through her. They were standing in such close proximity that their lips were inches away. 
Elisa pushed Gareth away and said, "You're overthinking. I just didn't expect you to be so useless." 
Then, she walked into the room. 
Gareth wanted to stop her but accidentally tore his wound, causing him to wince in pain. 
Elisa instinctively slowed her pace and turned back to him after hesitating briefly. "Are you dead yet?" 
Gareth grinned when he heard Elisa's voice. "I'm just kidding. I'm not gonna die so easily." 
"You're such a nuisance." 
"Right back at you." 
Julia's grin broadened as she eavesdropped on their conversation. Finally, she returned to her room in satisfaction. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Gareth had a dispute over who should sleep on the big bed. 
"Mind you. This is my room." 
"You should discern the current situation. You're the one who needs my help." 
"I'm injured." 
"What's that got to do with me?" 
They were at loggerheads, and none was willing to give in. 
"Forget about it. I must have nothing better to do to fight with you over a bed. You can take it." 
Elisa took a blanket and walked toward the couch. Just as she was about to lie down, Gareth came out. 
"You should sleep inside." 
Elisa ignored him and continued her action. 
Glancing at her indifferently, Gareth said nothing but lifted Elisa onto his shoulder and carried her into the room. 
Elisa was shocked. "Let go of me!" 
She struggled to get onto the floor, but Gareth said sternly, "Stay still. If you touch my wound…" 
Hearing that, Elisa stopped struggling. Gareth was satisfied with her response. 
His movements were surprisingly gentle when he put her on the bed. "You can take the room. I'll sleep outside."
###chapter1538
Chapter 1538 Her Delicate Hands
Gareth spoke in a domineering tone and left no room for negotiation. 
"The couch is too small. You might accidentally hurt your wound when turning over." Elisa ed and insisted on sleeping on the couch. The previous dispute was just to mess with him–she didn't intend to sleep on his bed because she couldn't fall asleep with his lingering scent. 
"If Grandma sees you sleeping on the couch, I will get a scolding from her again. So, you better take the room." With that, Gareth walked out of the bedroom. 
After Gareth left, Elisa hesitantly lay down on the bed. As expected, her mind was filled with Gareth's figure as soon as she closed her eyes. His unique scent wafted into Elisa's nose, as overbearing as him. 
It was destined to be a sleepless night. 
The next morning, Julia woke early to have breakfast with Elisa and Gareth. She wanted to know how the night went but didn't expect them to wake up earlier than her. 
One didn't sleep well because the couch was too small, while the other didn't sleep well because of the unfamiliar bed. As such, both of them had dark circles the next day. 
Julia was surprised to see them wake up this early. Looking at them, she misunderstood the cause of the dark circles and was overjoyed. On the other hand, Elisa and Gareth were resigned. Of course, they could tell what Julia was thinking, but they didn't explain further. 
Throughout the breakfast, Julia kept asking about the situation last night. The couple gave ambiguous
answers as Julia continued asking questions tirelessly. 
Finally, the two couldn't deal with it anymore and returned to the room to pack their stuff halfway through breakfast. Julia sighed when she saw them leave. "Even their back profiles seem cut out for each other." 
… 
Elisa glanced at Gareth, who followed her into the room and asked, "Why did you come up so early?" 
"My reason is the same as yours." Gareth crossed his arms before his chest and leaned against the wall. Neither of them could handle Julia's relentless interrogation. Being reminded of Julia's eagerness for them to remarry, they exchanged glances and fell silent. 
"Since you're here, you can pack your stuff." Elisa pointed at an empty piece of luggage in the cupboard. 
However, Gareth went to sit on the bed and said, "I have difficulty moving my hand. Can you help me?" His request came out so naturally that he didn't seem to be embarrassed at all. 
To his surprise, Elisa didn't retort but started packing his stuff. He didn't expect her to be this obedient today. He was teasing her but didn't think she would take it seriously. 
When he saw Elisa ironing his clothes, he felt like they were indeed a married couple. 
Startled by the feeling, Gareth shook himself out of the daze and averted his gaze from Elisa. 
Nonetheless, his action didn't match his thought. He couldn't help glancing at Elisa to observe what she was doing. 
Around twenty minutes later, Elisa finished packing and placed the two pieces of luggage neatly beside the door. Exhaling deeply, she didn't rest but took the medical kit and walked toward Gareth. 
She unbuttoned Gareth's shirt without saying anything, catching Gareth off guard. He effortlessly seized Elisa's fair, tender hand. Her hand was so delicate as if Gareth could easily break it with a little force. 
###chapter1539
Chapter 1539 Not Repulsed
Gareth teased with a smirk, "What are you doing, Elisa? Are you this impatient?" 
Elisa rolled her eyes at him and blurted, "I'm applying medicine for you." 
Gareth raised his brows and cooperatively allowed Elisa to remove his shirt. After cutting open the bandage, Elisa applied medicine to his wound. 
Gareth had strong recovery ability. Besides, Elisa had been looking after his diet the past few days, so his recovery was better than expected, which made Elisa relieved and feel less guilty. 
Elisa attentively and gently redressed his wound. Gareth could occasionally feel the cotton bud rubbing against his wound, but it wasn't too painful. There was a slight burning sensation when the medicine came into contact with his wound, and his body felt warm. 
Looking down at Elisa, he could see her long, feather-like eyelashes and… her ample bosom. He awkwardly shifted his gaze toward the door. 
Just then, someone turned the door knob. Gareth instantly pulled Elisa onto the bed and instinctively pressed against her body. Julia came to ask if they were full from breakfast but was stunned when she caught sight of their ambiguous posture, and her cheeks flushed upon realizing what they were doing. 
When Gareth looked toward her, she quickly covered her eyes and left the room. "Sorry to disturb you. I didn't see anything. Carry on!" 
After closing the door, Julia couldn't help envying the energy and passion of the young people and was impressed by their progress. Then, she quickly instructed the servants to prepare protein-rich dishes to
boost Gareth's health. 
Meanwhile, Gareth heaved a sigh of relief when the footsteps outside the room gradually faded away. He lowered his head to see Elisa meekly lying beneath him. She seemed in a daze, and he found her wide-eyed expression and pinkish cheeks adorable. 
This look was very different from her usual shrewd and resolute demeanor, and the contrast was intriguing. 
At this proximity, Gareth could smell the fragrance of Elisa's hair, which was strangely enticing. He instinctively took a sniff. 
"Can you move away already?" Elisa's voice was soft, but Gareth heard every word. 
With his eyes darkened, he instantly got up. Elisa, too, got up with a frown. 
Gareth looked at Elisa apologetically and explained, "Sorry, I didn't mean it. I just didn't want Grandma to see my wound. We shouldn't let her know about my injury. Otherwise, she'll be worried." 
Elisa, for once, didn't sing a different tune. Everything happened so quickly that she had yet to regain her composure. She shook her head and asked Gareth not to worry. However, her mind ran wild as she continued redressing Gareth's wound. 
The close proximity with Gareth just now did not repulse her. They hadn't had such close contact in a very long time… Or rather, they had never had such an experience. Her heart was still racing after the unexpected episode, and she didn't know what to say to Gareth. 
She took a deep breath to clear her mind. After finishing the bandaging, she said, "It's done." Then, she was ready to go downstairs, but Gareth quickly grasped her arm. 
###chapter1540
Chapter 1540 Improvement
"Can you please not go downstairs first?" Gareth mumbled awkwardly. Perceiving Elisa's confused gaze, he explained, "Grandma thought we were having sex just now. She'll think I'm weak if you go down too quickly." 
Elisa blushed to the root of her hair as it didn't come to her mind that Julia had mistaken them. Looking abashed, Elisa was at a loss for words. 
Gareth stared at her and let out a cough. "And she'll feed me all kinds of nourishment. Please do me this favor." 
Elisa inhaled deeply to overcome her nervousness. Pretending to be unbothered, she deliberately sneered, "You do care about your image." 
Gareth frowned. "It's not the matter of image but… a man's dignity." 
Elisa said nothing else and agreed with his request. However, she didn't stay in the room but went to catch some fresh air on the balcony. She thought she had lost her mind. When the breeze gently brushed at her cheeks, she finally felt like she could breathe again. 
Gareth stared at Elisa's figure and became lost in his thoughts. 
The two only went downstairs during lunchtime. To their surprise, Julia didn't mention the episode this morning. All of them ignored it and pretended as if nothing had happened. 
Gareth thought the matter had passed, but he realized he was too naive when he saw the nutritious dishes on the table–oysters, pig livers, wild yam… 
Besides, there was a bowl of murky soup specially prepared for him. 
Elisa almost couldn't contain her laughter but had to put on a nonchalant expression. 
"Grandma, I don't want to drink this." Gareth made an appeal. 
"You have no choice." Julia answered him with a smile. 
Toward the end, Elisa came to Gareth's rescue by offering Julia an acupuncture treatment and asking her to head back to her room first. Only then did Gareth manage to escape. Elisa also remarked that those dishes wouldn't help much and that she had more efficient methods. With that, she managed to persuade Julia to let Gareth off. 
"You owe me big time again." Elisa made a face at Gareth. 
Before Gareth could say anything, Elisa went to the kitchen to brew Ganoderma Caligo into herbal soup. It took twenty minutes for the soup to cook. While waiting, Elisa went upstairs to massage Julia to promote blood circulation. 
When the herbal soup was served, Elisa performed acupuncture on Julia to help her better digest the medicine. Julia had lung cancer, which was not easy to treat. However, the treatment would be efficient if the medicine could take effect. 
However, the problem was that Julia couldn't digest the medicine and vomited half of the herbal soup she drank. Even with acupuncture, the medicine barely took effect, which was insufficient for Julia to recover. 
So, Elisa thought of incorporating the medicine into her meal. Replacing the unpleasant-tasting herbal soup with medicated dishes helped relieve Julia's vomiting and physical discomfort. 
Besides Ganoderma Caligo, Elisa also prescribed other drugs, which she mixed into Julia's meal. As such, the medicine could yield its greatest effectiveness without deterring the patient with its unpleasant taste. 
After a few rounds of trial, the method proved effective. Everyone was overjoyed to witness the improvement of Julia's condition. 
###chapter1541
Chapter 1541 A Getaway
The happiest person was none other than Elisa. Those few days, she had been busy researching medicinal cuisine and making her own innovations, even until late at night. All her efforts were seen and remembered by Julia. 
… 
One day, Elisa stayed in the villa to take care of Julia. Sitting on the couch, Elisa held a bowl of medicine and said to Julia with a smile, "Grandma, it's time to take your medicine." 
"Elisa, I'm so glad to have you by my side. You're such a blessing." Julia smiled amiably and spoke from the bottom of her heart. 
Elisa answered, "I'm blessed to be with you too." 
Julia tucked Elisa's hair behind her ear and caressed her face. "You're a kind girl. I'm advanced in age. My only hope is for you and Gareth to grow old together, like me and your grandpa. Although we often argue, having a companion makes all the difference." 
Julia had made her intention very clear. 
Elisa looked at Julia with a complicated expression. Before she could say something, Julia continued, "I hope you won't think I'm speaking out of turn. All my words are genuine. I have no regrets in this lifetime. If there's one wish I haven't fulfilled, it's to see you and Gareth get back together. If that happens, I can die without any regrets." 
There was a sudden change in Elisa's expression as she sensed something off about Julia's remarks.
Did she find out about her illness? Could someone have told her? 
She looked at Julia nervously and said, "Grandma, please don't say that. You're in the pink, so please stop talking about death." 
Julia shook her head in resignation. "I'm no longer young. Some don't even make it past their fifties. I'm grateful to live up to this age. I'm telling you all this because I don't want you guys to miss each other…" 
Elisa's eyes flickered. At that moment, she didn't know what to say. 
Julia held Elisa's hand and patted it. "I'm not forcing you, but I can tell you guys have feelings for each other. So, why don't you get together? Girl, it's not easy to meet someone who has mutual feelings. Please don't miss the opportunity." 
Elisa spaced out as she stared at Julia's end. Julia's comment echoed in her mind. Do Gareth and I have feelings for each other? 
Toward the end, Elisa didn't give an answer. After all, it was a serious matter, so she must consider it carefully. 
The herbs at home were running out, so Elisa went out to buy some. At the same time, it was to avoid Gareth. 
For some reason, after Julia commented about their mutual feelings, she had a weird feeling every time she saw Gareth. So, she decided to head out and get some fresh air. 
Purchasing herbs wasn't an easy task that could be completed within one or two days. It required sharp eyes and patience to find the best quality herbs at a fair price in the Medicine Market. Elisa decided to stay near the market for three days, treating it as a getaway for herself. 
She prepared three days' worth of medicinal cuisine at home, which only needed to be heated before eating. 
Julia naturally didn't hold her back and even arranged a car for her. As for Gareth…
###chapter1542
Chapter 1542 You Should Be Relieved Now
Julia gave Gareth a look, signaling him to go after Elisa. She was satisfied when Gareth did as he was told. 
On the other hand, Elisa was surprised to see Gareth. She went out to avoid him but didn't expect him to tag along. 
"Why are you here?" Elisa asked abruptly. 
Gareth shrugged in resignation. "I didn't want to, but Grandma was worried about your safety. Moreover, you're getting medicines for her, so I am responsible for keeping you safe. Hope you won't overthink." 
Elisa had no reason to reject Gareth, so she made no further comments. 
During the journey, there was pin-drop silence in the car as none of them spoke. When they arrived at their destination, Elisa got out of the car to be blinded by flashing lights. 
A group of paparazzi came out of nowhere and bombarded Elisa with questions. 
"Ms. Benett, have you and Mr. Wickam officially reconciled?" 
"Ms. Benett, I'm from New Era Media. Can you reveal when did you guys get back together?" 
"Ms. Benett, we've met before. Do you remember? What kind of medicines are you and Mr. Wickam looking for this time? Are you preparing for pregnancy?" 
The reporters blurted their speculations and absurd assumptions. Everyone was going all out, hoping to obtain exclusive news. 
Nonetheless, all the reporters had one thing in common. They were smart enough not to bother Gareth. After all, they could easily lose their jobs if they provoked Gareth, and it was useless to get some sensational news at the cost of offending him. 
Elisa didn't expect to be bombarded with so many questions at the Medicine Market, so she was unprepared. She was surrounded as soon as she arrived, and the flashing lights hurt her eyes. She felt suffocating, being compassed by the reporters. 
"That's enough!" Gareth couldn't take it anymore and scowled at one of the reporters who was getting too close. 
"Is this an interview or interrogation? Do you intend to shove the recorder into her mouth?!" 
Gareth looked intimidating with his stern face. Immediately, the crowd quieted down, and no one dared to retort. 
The reporter reprimanded by Gareth was a bundle of nerves because he would be finished if Gareth asked which company he was from. 
Fortunately, Gareth didn't bother to pay attention to him. He wrapped his arm around Elisa's shoulder and walked into the market without sparing a glance at the crowd. The reporters instinctively made way for the two and watched Gareth escort Elisa away. 
Despite being fearful, the reporters captured pictures of their intimate gestures. This was a headline-
worthy moment! Although Elisa and Gareth didn't comment on their status, their actions were the best answer. To the reporters, it was apparent that they had gotten back together! 
"Excuse me! You're blocking my recording!" 
"The person in front is blocking me! Can't you go to the other side?" 
"Get lost, and don't obstruct my sight!" 
Meanwhile, Julia couldn't contain her laughter in a black Bentley not far away. If the window wasn't closed, many would witness her silly smile. 
Mr. Jones looked at Julia and smiled, "Madam, you should be relieved now." 
"Of course! I'm thrilled to see them in this state. You have no idea about this. I went to their room a few mornings ago and saw them…" 
###chapter1543
Chapter 1543 How Do You Plan to Help Me
Just then, Julia let out a cough, realizing it was inappropriate to reveal the episode. 
Mr. Jones was confused. "What did you want to say, Madam?" 
"Oh, nothing. Anyway, I'm sure they'll get back together. Maybe it won't take long before I have a great- grandchild!" Following that, her Plan A was about to take place while Mr. Jones smiled in acquiescence. 
The news of Gareth and Elisa became a trending topic on Twitter and even caused the website to crash. When Rachel and Nicole saw the news from abroad, their reactions were unexpectedly the same. Both were furious, especially Nicole. 
She lost her cool and ragingly smashed things around her. She was waiting for a chance to tackle Elisa but didn't expect Elisa and Gareth to have returned to Zovain! 
She gritted her teeth in anger as she gripped the cup she was about to smash tightly. 
She reckoned Elisa and Gareth had most likely reconciled from the pictures the reporters captured. She couldn't accept it and would never let them get back together and live a happy life! 
"Aah!" Nicole bellowed in exasperation and threw the cup onto the floor, causing it to shatter into pieces. 
"Go and arrange a private plane immediately! I have to go back!" Nicole was determined to return to Zovain. 
However, before her subordinate could answer, a mocking voice came forth. "There are many good places in Moranta that I've yet to show you. If you leave so soon…" 
After Nicole angrily drove away from KKCD Casino a few days ago, it was the first time Aaron met her. 
Nicole thought Aaron had left her life, but the man whom she harbored intense hatred toward appeared again. 
At that moment, Nicole was overwhelmed with anger and wouldn't listen to him. "Cut the crap! You should understand that just because I didn't do anything to you doesn't mean that I can't!" 
She couldn't care less about Aaron's social status in Moranta. He was the root of all evil; she could never forget that night's painful experience! 
When Aaron perceived the intense rage and determination in Nicole's eyes, he knew she had become aware of his identity. He had never intended to conceal it from her. He knew why Nicole intended to return to Zovain, so he came. 
It was not only for Nicole's sake, but he also wanted to put Elisa to death because Elisa was now involved in the Fawler family's feud. 
Aaron answered with a smile, "I understand your meaning." 
Nicole shot a fierce glare at him. "Since you understand, you should get lost!" 
Nicole was determined to settle scores with Aaron after dealing with Elisa and Gareth and restoring her reputation. 
Aaron remained smiling despite sensing Nicole's disgust and resolution. "It won't be beneficial to you if I get lost. I can go back with you and help you turn the tide." 
Nicole didn't answer but stared at Aaron with narrowed eyes. She wavered when she saw his cunning smirk and was reminded of his identity and random appearance. 
"I see. How do you plan to help me?" Nicole took a step forward. 
Although she wavered, she wouldn't allow Aaron to deceive her again like last time. 
Aaron's grin remained plastered on his face as he answered. 
###chapter1544
Chapter 1544 Let's Part Ways Here
"Elisa Benett gets to set up security cameras because your fiancé appeared. But can't security videos be tampered with? Is it impossible for her to make it so someone who looks exactly like you appear on it?" 
Aaron pointed it out directly, and Nicole immediately understood. A devilish look appeared on her face. 
The online friends only scratched the surface. Aaron's words enlightened her. 
For the past few days, she had been wondering how she could fight back as the security videos had caused her significant damage. 
Now, it seemed she could turn the tide. 
All she had to do was return to the country with Aaron! 
With Aaron's identity, all of Tabor's stocks that had plummeted could rise back again. 
Her father might even recover because of Aaron. 
Seeing that Nicole was silent, Aaron knew she agreed with him. 
He waited for her reply patiently. 
A few seconds later, it happened as he expected. 
Nicole said slowly, "I'll trust you this one time. You can arrange…" 
"It's a rare opportunity for Ms. Tabor to believe in me. I'll serve you well this time!" 
He did not wait for her to finish her words and interrupted. 
With Aaron's arrangement, they boarded a private jet an hour later. 
On the other hand, at Rachel's side. 
Rachel cursed as she packed her things. "Vincent, you f*****g a*****e. Gareth tricked Elisa and brought her back to the country, yet you told me they had just switched a place and would return a few days later. You said they kept their whereabouts a secret because they did not want to be disturbed. I trusted your lies!" 
She condemned herself. She did not contact Elisa because Vincent told her they wanted to keep their journey a secret. 
And this was the result! 
Even as the news of them getting back together was trending, she kept waiting like a dog waiting patiently for its owner. 
She felt furious the more she thought about it. When Vincent walked past her, she swung her leg toward him. 
"Jesus Christ! You're ruthless, woman!" His expression darkened. 
"I just realized what a fox you are! I'm telling you, your tricks won't work on me!" 
She refused to fall for his schemes. 
She would never hand over the precious thing to him. 
Even if, technically, he was to inherit it. 
But, with the person dead, what right did he have?! 
Vincent felt wronged. "What tricks? Everything I told you was what Gareth told me on the phone. If you don't believe me, I'll call him right now…" 
He pulled his phone out of his pocket. 
Just as he dialed the number, Rachel laughed coldly, 
"Is there any point in showing me the evidence now?" 
The most important thing now was she must head back and stop Gareth. 
She could not sit back and watch as the hypocrite deceived Elisa again! 
Especially when she saw the live broadcast. 
Huh! What does Gareth's protection even mean? 
Liar! 
From her point of view, the protection he would give was just nonsense. 
The past three years of marriage would be a slap in his face. 
The late bloom of love was as worthless as garbage! 
Vincent retorted immediately, "Why do you think it's pointless? You misunderstood me, and I want to prove my innocence." 
Rachel rolled her eyes. "Go ahead and do it on your own if you want to. I don't have time to waste on you. Let's part ways here. From now on…" 
###chapter1545
Chapter 1545 Get Off My Back
"From now on, what?" Vincent frowned as he heard her words. He pulled her closer. 
Rachel was annoyed by his actions. "Vincent, stop pulling me. Just don't appear before me from now on!" 
She spat the words directly. 
His expression became stiff. 
Was there any type of woman he had never met before? 
All they did was cry, smile as they begged, or fawn over him. 
But Rachel. It was fine that she did not fall for him. 
Yet now that she was saying such harsh words. 
He was irritated. It was driving him up the wall. 
"No can do." 
He replied with full resolve. 
There were no women that he could not get. 
The more Rachel acted that way, the more determined he got. He must conquer her! 
Rachel was only more infuriated with the way he acted. 
She flung his hand away. "Let me tell you now, there's no way! I refuse to give you what you want!" 
She would rather die than give it to him. 
He only got exasperated. The wrinkles on his forehead deepened. 
"The thing that I want is not what you're thinking of. Rachel, aren't we getting along well now? I want… I don't have any idea if you don't tell me." 
Her steps immediately paused at his words. 
Biting down on her lip, she hesitated but turned back. 
She picked her words clearly. 
"I meant that anything that you want is impossible." 
Whether it is an item or a person. 
She was not a fool. She knew what Vincent was doing. 
Just as he was about to reply, she spun around sassily and walked out with her case. 
He was silent while watching her leaving figure. 
Rachel was vastly different from the other women he had met. 
But did it matter? 
He would always get whatever he desired. 
She refused to give him her mother's things. 
Would he just let her be? 
He believed she could not stay cold-hearted forever. 
They met at the airport shortly after. 
Rachel was getting her ticket at the counter. Vincent went up to her with his black case. 
He sighed deeply and pitifully, "Let's just say it's impossible since you said it's impossible. But you can't just leave me on my own, right? I don't have a single cent to my name now…" 
She jumped at the sudden voice. 
Turning back to see his long face, she was fuming. 
"You freaking b*****d! Have you not heard that a person could die from being shocked!" 
A smile bloomed across his face. 
She did not fall for his tactic. "Don't give me that look! Gareth is doing well now. Aren't the two of you best friends? You can just get him to send you some money right away!" 
She turned away to leave, hoping that it was the last of him. 
Vincent followed her shamelessly. He sighed again. "At this hour? Come on, I'm already here with you. You can just be the good Samaritan and pay for my ticket now. I'll pay you when we get back, alright?" 
He said it as pitifully as he could. 
But who was he? 
He was the eldest son of the Shane family. Even if he were broke, it would never be to this point. 
She was not bothered when they came to Moranta because she wanted to know where Elisa was. 
Now… 
She would love it if he got off her back! 
She scoffed. "Tell that to Gareth Wickam or any other of your friends. I'm going to board my plane now. Adieu." 
###chapter1546
Chapter 1546 Being Clear-Headed
After saying that, Rachel turned around. 
Her determination was evident, as was her indifference. 
She remained silent and cold. 
He knew all too well that if he were to pursue her again, Rachel would undoubtedly grow frustrated with him. 
Their relationship had to progress gradually; there was no rushing it. 
Just before hopping on the plane, Rachel decided to ring up Elisa. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had just escaped the clutches of the pesky reporter and settled into the car. Leaning against the window, lost in her thoughts, she suddenly received a call from Rachel. 
"Hello, my dearest Ms. Markee!" Elisa cheerfully picked up, hoping to lighten her tense mood. 
Since her return to the country, Elisa hadn't had the time to reach out or meet Rachel. 
She had been caught up in a whirlwind, taking care of the ailing Julia while simultaneously playing a role with Gareth to appease and satisfy Julia. 
Rachel sneered, "You've got some nerve saying hello to me! I flew all the way to Moranta for you and got fooled by that jerk Vincent. And you, despite my repeated warnings, hm! You still didn't listen and
insisted on getting involved with Gareth! Just wait for me to return; I'll hop on the plane in an hour!" 
Elisa was startled. 
It never occurred to her that Rachel would go to Moranta for her. 
"Why did you go there, my dear?" 
"For you, of course!" 
Elisa's expression was a mix of emotions as she calmly explained, "Gareth and I were just putting on an act. We're not actually together..." 
Rachel let out a dismissive snort, "You're blurring the lines between pretense and reality. I don't want to see you get hurt again. Liz, please get your priorities straight!" 
Elisa pursed, "I've got my priorities straight, don't worry." 
She had no intention of remarrying Gareth. 
After a few more exchanges with Rachel, Elisa ended the call. 
Throughout her conversation with Rachel, Gareth's face remained sullen, his brows furrowed, but Elisa was oblivious to his displeasure. 
Meanwhile, Gareth couldn't shake off Elisa's earlier words echoing in his mind. 
"I've got my priorities straight. Don't worry." 
Did she mean there's absolutely no chance of us getting remarried? None whatsoever? 
Gareth's heart sank, a weight that words couldn't capture. 
After about an hour, Elisa and Gareth got out of the car at the entrance of the Medicine Market. 
The Medicine Market was fundamentally no different from a flea market or a food street. 
It was a market where people selling medicine congregated. Where there was demand, a market would arise. 
From Milk Thistle to Valerian Root and St. John's Wort, they had a wide range of medicinal ingredients available. 
If one had to highlight a distinct feature, it would be the tranquility of the Medicine Market. 
Not a hint of chaos could be found among the shoppers or the sellers, as everyone remained composed and peaceful. 
There were no booming drums or enthusiastic shouts to grab attention. 
Buyers only need to browse the stalls or shops and purchase the necessary medicinal ingredients. 
But hey, there was a little rule in the Medicine Market that didn't really favor haggling. 
As Elisa looked at Gareth's constantly distracted expression, she couldn't help but feel confused, "What's up?" 
Gareth pursed his lips, "Nah." 
After glancing at him, she said, "Well then, let's get in there." 
Once they stepped into the Medicine Market, they were greeted by a wide road, big enough for two cars to pass side by side. However, vehicles weren't allowed there; everyone had to walk, with no exceptions. 
The whole idea was to keep those medicinal herbs safe from exhaust fumes. 
The stuff displayed on both sides of the walkways wasn't just random junk—it was all about the real deal, actual medicinal herbs. 
Of course, most of them were on the lower end of the scale. 
If you wanted the fancy stuff, you had to venture deeper into the shops. 
As they strolled along, they stumbled upon a row of shops, all lined up nice and tidy, more or less the same size, and sporting some seriously interesting names. 
###chapter1547
Chapter 1547 Candlelight Dinner
In the Medicine Market, the shops and stalls were exquisite, each with its own unique name like 'Zen Haven' or 'Blissful Oasis.' They were all about attracting good luck and positive vibes. 
Each shop was more or less the same, but one would have a more extensive stock of specific remedies. 
And each shop had its own prized possession, a showstopper of sorts. However, these items weren't readily available for sale. They were more like attention-grabbers, meant to impress the doctors and highlight the shop's expertise. 
The regulars who frequented the market knew all the ins and outs of these shops. And Elisa was one of them. She had a mental catalog of all the herbs she needed. 
With Gareth by her side, they weaved through the shops and stalls. Elisa effortlessly handpicked the finest herbs, almost like she had some special ability. 
How did Gareth learn that Elisa had a knack for selecting the best herbs? Well, he knew it from those shop owners. Whenever they saw Elisa, they would commend her for her expertise in the medical field. 
While Elisa didn't bother with false modesty or unnecessary pleasantries, she was straightforward and didn't waste time beating around the bush. 
Some shop owners recognized her and knew she preferred a no-nonsense approach. They respected her and occasionally added a little extra to her purchases as a token of appreciation. 
And so, with Elisa leading the way, Gareth was taken on a comprehensive tour of the Medicine Market,
exploring every nook and cranny to his heart's content. 
The first day of shopping ended, and as they returned to the hotel, Gareth carried bags of various sizes. 
Elisa reached out to take the things from Gareth's hands, but he evaded her gesture. 
Elisa furrowed and said, "You're injured. Let me help you." 
"I'm fine." 
"You..." 
"I know my limits. Let's go." 
It was a unique occurrence for Gareth to be summoned and take a backseat instead of being in charge. If Thomas were around, he would undoubtedly understand that Gareth had accepted it willingly, without any complaints or hard feelings. If others were to see this, they would be shocked. 
The hotel was located within the Medicine Market, established by the market association. Unfortunately, many people were coming to the hotel. 
With more demand than availability, the consequences were predictable. 
Many people couldn't secure a room but had to accept the reality. To avoid missing the early market the next day, they had to choose between waking up early or finding the nearest hotel to stay in. 
Some even resorted to sleeping in their parked cars outside the Medicine Market. Regardless of the situation, an early rise was necessary. 
However, Elisa was experienced and always had a reserved suite with two rooms in the hotel. 
"Quite a splurge," Gareth couldn't help but tease as they rode the elevator. 
Elisa gave him a quizzical glance. 
Gareth elaborated, "This is the only hotel available in this highly sought Medicine Market. There must be a good reason why you always have a room reserved here. I bet you've paid for a year's room fees or even more." 
Elisa was taken aback by his accurate guess. 
After the silence, Elisa smiled, "Well, looks like a classic case of 'outdoing the master.' My level of indulgence can't hold a candle to Mr. Wickam's. I only want a cozy spot to rest while battling it out for those precious herbs," 
Coincidentally, the elevator reached the 38th floor, and she stepped out first, swiping the card to enter the room. 
The room wasn't extravagant, but it was tastefully decorated. It boasted two bedrooms, two living rooms, and a petite kitchen. It could easily pass as a presidential suite. 
Being thoughtful and tactful, Gareth didn't ask for the larger room. However, there was a lingering question in his mind that he hadn't voiced yet. 
As evening fell and dinnertime approached, they were too preoccupied to pay attention to anything else. To their surprise, the hotel delivered a romantic candlelit dinner for two, creating an enchanting ambiance. 
###chapter1548
Chapter 1548 Stammering
The supposedly romantic dinner turned into a culinary nightmare for Gareth as he found fault with every dish. Each bite triggered his picky taste buds, leading him to dissect and critique every aspect of the meal. 
"This mackerel is so salty! Is this even edible?" 
"Has this salmon been dead for ages? It tastes awful." 
"This steak is way too overcooked." 
Elisa remained silent, quietly enduring his barrage of complaints, unable to fathom what had gone wrong. 
"Why would they assume we wanted a couple's meal? It's like they didn't even consider the possibility that we're not a couple," Gareth remarked, crossing his arms and wearing an annoyed expression. "And to make things worse, the dinner tastes absolutely horrible," he added, placing his knife and fork down with a dissatisfied shake. 
Is this the reason why he's so frustrated? 
Elisa couldn't help but wonder if Gareth's discontent stemmed from sharing a couple's room with her, leaving her with an inexplicable sense of unease. 
"If you're not happy staying here, you can go. This room wasn't booked for you, anyway," Elisa said with a slightly strained tone. 
Gareth arched an eyebrow, suppressing his anger despite feeling deeply unsettled. 
"Hah. You've got a lot of other men to consider. I get it." 
Before Elisa could say anything, Gareth abruptly rose, snatched the nearby napkin, wiped his hands, and flung it onto the table in frustration. He spun on his heel and stormed off. 
Elisa was caught off guard by his response. Why did it concern him whether she had someone else in mind to share this room with? How irritating! 
Just a moment, then Gareth turned around and looked at her. 
Elisa was aware but chose to ignore him. However, Gareth walked over and stood before Elisa. 
"What's the matter?" Elisa furrowed. 
"Mm," Gareth's response was light, yet his gaze made Elisa furrow her brows. 
"If you have something to say, say it. Why are you staring at me like that?" 
"Did you aggravate your injury and reopen the wound? Is that what happened?" 
Suddenly, Elisa remembered that Gareth had been carrying many things at the Medicine Market today. Although they were all medicinal herbs, the weight was substantial when combined. Elisa restrained her temper, recalling he shielded her from the gunshots. 
After a while, Gareth said slowly, "Come with me." 
There was a hint of solemnity in his gaze. Aware of the time and considering his wounds and the early market visit the next day, Elisa wasn't keen to accompany him. 
"Gareth, it's getting late, and we must hurry to the early market tomorrow. Considering your current condition, it's best to minimize unnecessary activities," Elisa advised, placing Julia and Gareth's well- being as her top priority. 
However, Gareth seemed unperturbed, maintaining a detached expression as he retorted, "Do I look weak to you right now?" 
Elisa noticed his furrowed brows. Recollecting how effortlessly he had handled things earlier, she found no signs of abnormality. Feeling uncertain, Elisa regarded him with disdain as she said, "Why do we have to go there right this minute?" 
Elisa had more to say, but the words caught in her throat. "You're not weak, but you have wounds on your body that require attention," 
She held herself back. After all, she and Gareth were already divorced. Wouldn't it give the impression that she had lingering feelings and still cared about him if she told him that? 
No, she couldn't give Gareth that impression. 
However, Gareth sensed her struggle to speak. He prodded directly, saying, "What do you want to say? Speak up." 
Elisa remained silent. 
She knew Gareth would never buy it, even if she were to dismiss it as nothing. 
###chapter1549
Chapter 1549 We Are Being Followed
Elisa could justify it by telling Gareth that he got injured because of her, so it made sense for her to check his wounds. 
Elisa pursed her lips and continued, "You know what? It's no big deal. I think you're being unreasonable. Please remove your shirt, and let me check those wounds." 
But Gareth quickly countered, "If I agree to let you check my wounds, will you come with me?" 
Elisa was left speechless. This guy sure knew how to negotiate! 
"Where exactly are we supposed to go?" Elisa asked, curiosity tinged with a hint of impatience. 
Gareth remained composed as he replied, "If you come with me, you'll find out soon enough, won't you?" 
Elisa grew increasingly frustrated with his stubborn attitude but didn't want to be rude or ignore him. So, she decided to preface her statement. 
"Hold on a minute. Let me make this clear. If the place is too far or if your wounds are serious, count me out," 
"It's not far, and I'm feeling perfectly fine now. If you're so desperate to see it, I can show you," Gareth responded, leaving Elisa surprised. 
What did he mean by saying she was desperate to see it? 
Elisa glared at him and said, "Say what? I'm not desperate and couldn't care less about your injury. Do you think I have any desire to spare a glance at you if it weren't for the fact that you were nosy and injured because of me? Just so you know, I would have let you suffer if it weren't for that reason." 
"Oh, is that so?" Gareth retorted, his gaze questioning and indifferent. 
Elisa couldn't comprehend Gareth's current state of mind. She continued to glare at him and spoke plainly, "Otherwise? Don't you forget we have no connection or obligations between us anymore? So, hurry up, I need to rest, and I don't have time to waste with you here." 
Gareth didn't respond, maintaining his indifferent expression. 
Just as Elisa was about to urge him again, he calmly unbuttoned his shirt revealing two distinct sutures and two wounds she had stitched up. These surgical sutures didn't require removal, and there was no redness or swelling around them. Elisa couldn't help but be pleased with Gareth's recovery. 
He had been shot twice, each time narrowly avoiding a fatal blow. 
The poison still lingered in his body, and the bullet in his chest... If it had been a hair's breadth closer, it would have shattered his heart, and he would have been six feet under. 
Gareth had been warned about his critical condition after the surgery. Yet, he never took his injuries and the poison in his body seriously, whether back in Moranta or upon his return to the country. 
Elisa felt annoyed, "Do you really think you're invincible?" 
Gareth looked down and felt a slight ache in his chest, but he didn't even furrow his brow. Elisa could
only see one wound sewn up like a winding trail. There was no bleeding, and the swelling wasn't too severe. 
Considering all that... 
Gareth contemplated that aspect and raised his gaze, meeting Elisa's glistening eyes. He remained silent, letting his actions speak for themselves. 
Elisa felt unsettled under his intense gaze. His face radiated an ethereal charm. Besides, she had once been infatuated with him. 
Elisa quickly averted her eyes, feeling uneasy under his intense gaze. "Why are you staring at me like that? If I can be upfront and honest with you, can't you do the same? I can't read minds." 
However, Gareth remained composed as he replied, "There's nothing more to say. Can you come with me now?" 
"Fine," Elisa reluctantly agreed. Deep down, she wanted to find out what Gareth was up to! 
As they walked out of the hotel together, Elisa immediately noticed a person wearing a cap tailing them from a distance. 
She leaned towards Gareth and whispered, "We're being followed. 
###chapter1550
Chapter 1550 Screaming
Gareth's eyes gleamed briefly with a cold, piercing intensity, overshadowed by a strong sense of disdain. 
"Whoever it is. I hope his courage is enough, but I doubt his luck will hold." 
Gareth dropped these words with a cold tone, his hand firmly clasping Elisa's waist as they continued their stride. 
However, his actions stirred something deep within her, making her uneasy. She instinctively tried to push him away. "Gareth, what are you doing? It's just someone following us..." 
His sudden action caught her off guard. Although Elisa had no idea who was trailing them, fear was the last thing on her mind. And naturally, Gareth felt the same way. 
He spoke with determination, "They are coming for my family again. I won't let anything happen to you." 
Elisa didn't say anything because she didn't know how to react. 
Shortly after, Gareth guided her into a car. However, Gareth intended to take the driver's seat. Observing this, Elisa promptly intervened. "Just give me the address, and I'll drive." 
"No need," Gareth refused her, and in the next instant, he was already in the driver's seat, buckling up his seatbelt. 
Elisa was well aware of Gareth's assertive nature, knowing that he always had the final say. So, she
dropped the subject and went along with him. Settling into the back seat, she watched as the scenery outside gradually receded. 
Through the rearview mirror, she noticed a silver-white van trailing them at a consistent distance. If she had spotted it, there was no doubt that Gareth had seen it too. 
After driving for more than an hour, Gareth finally pulled over. Elisa glanced at the destination: Hoover Homestead. It was a renowned tourist spot in Southdale. 
The resort boasted natural hot springs and expansive fields of blooming flowers that stretched across interconnected mountains. It even offered hot air balloon rides that could take you to the sky. 
It was a popular destination for romantic getaways. 
During their three-year marriage, Elisa had often imagined experiencing the blissful romance of an ordinary couple with Gareth. This was the kind of place she had always wanted to visit. 
After all, she was a woman who longed for love, passion, and a lifetime together with her significant other. 
But now— 
They were divorced, and she no longer harbored any expectations for love. 
Elisa turned her head to gaze at Gareth, perplexed, "Why did you bring me to this place?" 
For one, they were not in a romantic relationship; and another, they had an unknown person following
them. 
On top of that, plenty of gossip and scandals were circulating about them. 
However, Gareth evaded her question and refrained from addressing the issue. He pursed his lips and said, "Let's go inside." 
Just as Elisa was about to speak up, she caught a glimpse, from the corner of her eye, of the person she had spotted earlier—a cap-wearing individual covertly tailing them near the hotel entrance. 
She surmised that Gareth was trying to trick the person following them. 
Keeping this thought to herself, Elisa refrained from saying anything and followed Gareth inside. 
He shot her a meaningful look, and she instantly got the message. 
Taking a quick survey of her surroundings, Elisa took two steps forward, then discreetly positioned herself behind a large stone pillar. 
Gareth positioned himself on the opposite side, ready for whatever was about to happen. 
They found refuge in a quiet, deserted corner of the corridors. 
After a while, they could hear approaching footsteps. 
They exchanged a knowing look, and Elisa contemplated taking down the stalker first, considering Gareth's injury. 
To her surprise, Gareth anticipated her plan and acted swiftly. 
A scream of agony pierced the air as Gareth struck, swiftly followed by a powerful kick. The cap- wearing figure crumpled to the ground, emitting a sound reminiscent of a wounded animal. 
Unfazed by the person's cries, Gareth continued his assault, stomping down on the intruder's back, and forcefully pinning him to the ground. 
###chapter1551
Chapter 1551 What Do You Mean?
Gareth's face contorted with a frown as he pressed the intruder, demanding harshly, "Who put you up to following us?" 
Elisa could discern from the person's physique that it was a man. Yet, since Gareth had posed the question, she decided to let him handle the situation while she observed from a distance. 
Pinned down beneath Gareth's weight, the man whimpered, "N-No one... I'm here on my own. I thought I could snap some exclusive photos of the two of you to boost my online presence. Nobody sent me..." 
Neither Gareth nor Elisa found his explanation convincing. 
How could he have followed them so methodically if nobody had instructed him? 
Elisa noticed Gareth was on the brink of resorting to force, so she quickly gestured, signaling him to stop. Gareth complied. 
The next instant, Elisa revealed a silver needle in her hand, a chilling smirk on her lips. "Since you're a journalist, I'm sure you're familiar with the recent news of a neurologist who murdered his wife with a needle, aren't you?" 
The man's spine tingled at Elisa's words. He was a journalist, and the news she mentioned had caused quite a commotion. How could he not be aware of it? 
Elisa's smile sent a shiver down his back, making him feel like he was facing a venomous snake or a deadly scorpion. 
He pleaded desperately, "You're right. I'm a journalist, and I know about that news. I can show you my camera and press credentials if you don't believe me. Please, don't do this..." 
Elisa removed the man's cap and mask, revealing an ordinary-looking man in his twenties. Just as she was about to search for him, Gareth took the lead and did it himself, finding his press credentials and a small camera. 
Elisa looked closer at the man's press credentials and read the name 'Felix Quay'. His claims seemed valid—he had come for the sake of publicity. 
These paparazzi these days had no limits to their audacity. They would go to extreme lengths and act without any restraint. 
Initially, Elisa had considered letting him go. Then, her attention was caught by a flickering red light in his pocket. Swiftly, she retrieved it—it turned out to be a recording pen. 
"It's three o'clock now. If any negative stories were to circulate within two hours, rest assured you'll die a gruesome death!" 
Elisa crushed the recording pen right before his eyes and confiscated the memory chip as a precautionary measure. 
Gareth didn't mince his words, "F*ck off now!" 
Felix had planned to capture a few snapshots discreetly. Still, he never expected to be caught red- handed before he could even begin. 
Felix found himself in a sticky situation. 
Trapped between Gareth, a major player in the city and a force to be reckoned with nationwide, and a woman brandishing a lethal silver needle, her eyes radiating pure ruthlessness. He was petrified, on the verge of wetting himself. 
With neither Elisa nor Gareth making a move against him, Felix swiftly scrambled to his feet and foundering away in haste. 
As Felix sprinted off, he tasted a metallic tang of blood in his mouth. 
Once they were done dealing with the man, Elisa was ready to leave, but Gareth grabbed her arm. 
Elisa turned to him, a puzzled expression on her face, "What's wrong?" 
Now that they had dealt with their tracker, it was essential for them to make a swift exit. 
Gareth pursed his lips and spoke deliberately, "The situation isn't resolved yet. Come with me." 
"Fine." 
Elisa complied, following Gareth's lead as he navigated through corridors, alleys, and narrow paths.
###chapter1552
Chapter 1552 Seemingly Accepting
Having reached Hoover Homestead, the designated meeting point before their excursion to the sea of flowers, Gareth and Elisa noticed a sparse crowd. An enthusiastic staff member approached them, asking, "Hello, Mr. Wickam! Which tourist sightseeing car would you prefer for your journey?" 
Gareth responded sternly, "I'll take it from here." 
The staff member promptly stepped aside, respecting his decision. 
Without delay, Gareth selected the closest available car, grabbed the keys, and entered. Captivated by his intentions, Elisa decided to follow his lead. 
She settled comfortably in the backseat, eager to uncover Gareth's plans for their upcoming adventure. 
The journey took about twenty minutes, and the scenery was simply stunning. The flowers and plants were neatly arranged and maintained, creating a beautiful sight. 
Luckily, the road was smooth and free of any bumps or obstacles. 
Elisa couldn't help but say, "Well, I must say, I didn't picture you as the type to drive a car like this." 
Gareth raised an eyebrow, "Surprised?" 
Elisa detected an underlying indifference in his response and decided not to say anything more. 
After twenty minutes, Gareth brought the car to a halt. 
They both stepped out of the car, and Gareth took the lead. 
When Elisa saw what lay before her, her eyes widened in disbelief. This place... 
This place was... 
To the right, an expansive display of tens of thousands of red roses unfolded. At the same time, on the left, a vast lavender field created a breathtaking sight akin to sunset clouds. 
At that moment, a kaleidoscope of colorful balloons filled the sky, adding a whimsical charm to the scene. 
Meanwhile, a staff member was waiting with two hot air balloons explicitly prepared for their adventure. 
Elisa's heart skipped a beat. 
Gareth... he had brought her to this special place that held a deep meaning for her. Elisa's eyes flickered, revealing a mix of emotions. 
Gareth fixed his gaze on her as he said softly, a departure from his usual demeanor, "I know how much you adore flower fields. I... I reserved this whole place just for us to have an undisturbed experience. You can freely explore the flower sea and capture stunning photos. And, if you'd like, we can even take a hot air balloon ride together..." 
Elisa had never seen Gareth speak and act in such a way. He was always distant and cold, even with Linda. His words and gestures now exceeded her expectations, revealing a surprisingly romantic side. 
Elisa's heart swelled with emotions. "You... You actually..." 
She stared at him in disbelief. She never expected Gareth to have such patience and make such an effort for her. 
A lump formed in her throat, and a hint of bitterness welled up in the corners of her eyes. But the moment of tenderness was fleeting. 
Because... 
She wasn't the same person she was three years ago. In those years of marriage, she had tried her best and eventually given up, no longer holding onto any hopes for love. 
With a gentle smile, she pushed Gareth's hand away. "Don't you think it's a bit too late for these words and actions?" 
If only Gareth had brought her to this place a little earlier, even just a little, she would have been overjoyed, thrown caution to the wind, and surrendered herself to him. 
But now, all she felt was clarity and tranquility. 
Elisa contemplated and concluded that Gareth's motivations behind his actions were not driven by love. 
Gareth refuted her assumption, his lips forming a tight line before he responded, "I don't believe it's too late. Liz, I was a fool back then. I failed to truly understand you or give you the attention you deserved. But now, I..." 
"Now what? Are you going to tell me that you've suddenly discovered my wonderful qualities, fallen in love with me, and now want to be together?" Elisa interjected with a sarcastic chuckle. 
Her smile appeared mocking, but deep down, it was a relief and… serendipity. 
Elisa no longer had feelings for Gareth. 
The latter fell silent, momentarily at a loss for words. 
Yet, to Elisa, his silence felt like an acknowledgment of her words. 
###chapter1553
Chapter 1553 Intense Sadness
Before Gareth could utter a word, Elisa cut him off abruptly. 
Her tone was colder than ever, "Gareth, I agreed to come here because I thought you had some unfinished business. But now... Please, if you have something to say in the future, don't disguise it as a grand gesture and engage in these meaningless acts!" 
With these words, Elisa turned around to leave. 
However, before she could take a single step, Gareth swiftly caught hold of her arm. 
Amidst the vast expanse of the flower field, his expression turned solemn. 
He gazed at her intently and spoke sincerely, "Bringing you here was not meaningless, Elisa. Isn't this the kind of place you've always longed to visit?" 
Through her phone conversations with Rachel, her paintings, and her posts on Twitter, he had gathered hints of her yearning for such places. 
Gareth wanted to express his feelings for Elisa in a setting she cherished. 
Hoover Homestead was a popular destination for couples. Although Gareth hadn't made any reservations, he had used his connections and resources to ensure the area was cleared for their private use. 
But such details were inconsequential to him; all he desired was to bring Elisa a genuine smile. 
Gareth firmly believed that he could do anything as long as it was something Elisa truly wanted. 
Gareth was confident that he could do better than those men with hidden motives who surrounded Elisa. 
Elisa remained silent, listening attentively without uttering a word. 
She never expected Gareth to remember her preferences. 
But, as she had previously stated, it was all too late. 
"Gareth, the things I liked three years ago and the things I like now are different. Moreover, I no longer have any expectations for marriage. How could you think I would still enjoy these things?" 
Gareth let out a gentle sigh. Observing her trembling eyelashes and tightly pursed lips, he knew she wasn't as unaffected as she claimed to be. With sincerity, he looked at her and spoke softly, "Personal preferences can change in an instant. I admit I've been a jerk, causing you pain and disappointment. I hope you'll give me a chance to rekindle our love and revive our marriage." 
Elisa gazed at Gareth in astonishment. 
She couldn't believe he was saying such sugar-coated and cheesy things. 
For a moment, Elisa was too shocked to respond. 
Elisa's moment of silence allowed Gareth to make his plea. 
Gareth tenderly held her hand, his large palm enveloping hers, and a rush of warmth coursed through her. It jolted Elisa back to reality in an instant. 
She swiftly withdrew her hand, cutting off the words Gareth was about to speak. 
Accompanying her action was a resolute rejection, "Gareth, I've made myself perfectly clear. I don't want to entertain romantic feelings anymore, and I have no desire to be involved in marriage. You don't need to ask me for a chance or anything of that sort in this place. I won't be deceived or allow myself to be hurt again." 
Elisa's stance was unequivocal. 
Elisa concluded that her attempts to thaw Gareth's icy heart over the past three years had been in vain. 
She couldn't help but ridicule herself for the futile efforts she had invested. 
No sense of dignity, grace, or purpose. How pathetic. 
Elisa's resolute stance felt like an invisible grip on Gareth's heart, shattering his hopes. 
At that moment, he felt a suffocating sensation in his chest, as if all the air had been sucked out. 
Nevertheless, he chose to hold onto his own feelings. 
Gareth lowered his head towards Elisa, offering a sincere apology, "I understand that I've wronged you, and I truly want a chance to make things right..." 
Within his captivating gaze, a layer of profound sadness seemed to linger.
###chapter1554
Chapter 1554 Giving Gareth Suggestions
Elisa couldn't ignore the sense of suffocation and bitterness in her heart upon seeing Gareth in this state. Part of her wished he would remain cold and distant, just as he had been before. 
However, amidst these conflicting feelings, certain matters needed to be addressed. 
She chuckled, "Oh, a chance to make things right? And how exactly do you propose to do that? With your wealth? Influence? Or perhaps some other grand gesture? You can't just assume I'll fall for the idea that you'll do whatever it takes to make me happy. Can you?" 
Elisa didn't mince her words; her penetrating gaze left no room for evasion. 
Gareth didn't respond but pursed his lips into a line. His expression turned cold, and his eyes, devoid of the previous sadness, now held a trace of tenderness. 
Seeing Gareth in this state, Elisa couldn't help but laugh. She knew deep down that Gareth harbored no genuine feelings for her. Everything was merely a consequence of their recent interactions and his grandparents' desire for them to reconcile. 
As she was about to say something, Gareth preempted, "Within my abilities, I would do whatever it takes to fulfill your desires." 
It was a promise. However, this promise failed to evoke even the slightest reaction from Elisa. 
Elisa shook her head, a wry smile forming on her lips. "But, I don't lack anything now. Whatever you can do to please me doesn't interest me in the least. Is there nothing else worth discussing?" 
With those words, Elisa swiftly changed the subject, determined not to dwell on this pointless matter that would never lead to understanding. 
Gareth knew her temperament all too well. Continuing the conversation would only fuel her discontent. However... 
He couldn't let it end like this without saying something. He chose a different approach. "Since we're already here and have this place reserved, even if you won't give me a chance to make things right, let's not waste the beauty of this scenery." 
As he spoke, Gareth took a couple of steps forward, maintaining a respectful distance from Elisa. It was a gesture of consideration towards her. 
At first, Elisa felt a whirlwind of emotions. Still, as she listened to Gareth's persuasive words, she couldn't help but restrain herself from launching a barrage of mocking and sneering. 
Elisa playfully teased, "You know, it's cringe-worthy when someone of your status and wealth says things like 'let's not waste it'." 
Gareth was well aware of her resentment and mockery. However, he genuinely believed enjoying this beautiful place with Elisa was a rare opportunity. 
Just like Thomas and his grandparents' reminders before he brought Elisa here. They had emphasized the need to be unwavering, to give his all, and to cast aside pride and dignity, embracing shamelessness. 
Although Gareth couldn't fully embrace the shamelessness, he was determined and willing to go all out
for her. 
With that in mind, he responded to her words, "You do realize I'm filthy rich, right?" 
Elisa was taken aback by his comeback. 
While a considerable amount of money had been spent on the trip to Moranta and the bidding for Ganoderma Caligo, as the esteemed president of the Wickam Group, Gareth wasn't on the verge of bankruptcy, desperately needing to save money. 
Although Elisa had yearned for a place like this in the past, her present mindset had shifted. 
She didn't want Gareth to misunderstand her out of a slight sense of compassion. She shook her head and said, "I'm tired now and want to return and rest. You can call your subordinates or even Thomas if you feel it's a waste. God knows Thomas has been working hard. I'm sure he could use some recreation and leisure time to relax here." 
As she spoke, Elisa even kindly offered Gareth some suggestions and advice on how to use this opportunity. 
Gareth's expression remained cold, and they didn't say a word. 
Without waiting for his response, Elisa turned and walked away the next second. 
###chapter1555
Chapter 1555 In the Name of the Wickam family
In the past, Gareth had always been the one to reject and push Elisa away. Now that she reciprocated, he found himself inexplicably annoyed. However, he couldn't let Elisa return to the hotel alone in this critical moment, not when an unknown threat lurked. 
Gareth suppressed the annoyance in his heart and hastened his steps to catch up with her. Meanwhile, Elisa had already settled herself in the driver's seat. 
On their way to Hoover Homestead, Gareth had been the one driving. But now, for the journey back, Elisa insisted on taking the wheel, considering it fair to share the driving duties. She sped off towards the hotel, and Gareth's gaze remained fixed on the rearview mirror. 
Through the mirror, he could clearly see Elisa's expression. Her words, "I have no expectations for love or marriage anymore..." and her indifferent demeanor replayed in his mind. 
The memories stirred up a whirlwind of emotions within Gareth. Simultaneously, a crucial thought crossed his mind. 
He asked Elisa, somewhat out of the blue, "When you say you have no expectations for love or marriage anymore, does that mean you're planning to remain single forever?" 
Gareth's abrupt question caught Elisa off guard. She would have given him a bewildered look if she weren't behind the wheel. Why ask such a random question now? How untimely and weird! 
Elisa pursed her lips but replied, "What can love or marriage bring me? Even if I choose to stay single forever, I believe I can live a fulfilling life. Mr. Wickam, I decided to give up and return the properties you gave me during our divorce. So, please don't feel indebted to me." 
During this time, their physical contact had been purely accidental. Furthermore, they were both adults who had already signed the divorce papers. 
Through the rearview mirror, Elisa also noticed Gareth's current silence and the gloom that covered his face. He appeared unhappy, but Elisa couldn't discern any specific reason for his mood. After not hearing Gareth's response, she broached the topic again during a brief lull in their conversation. 
Gazing at Gareth, Elisa spoke composedly, determined to make her intentions clear. "Gareth, let's establish something today. I genuinely don't wish to discuss these matters with you any longer, now or in the future. While it's customary to say we can remain in touch if necessary, I also don't want you actively seeking me out. Do you understand what I mean?" 
She understood that after a breakup, many people would propose remaining friends. However, once she truly loved someone, reverting to a mere friendship after a heart-wrenching experience was impossible for Elisa. Granted, some individuals could eventually let go despite being deeply in love, but they were few and far between. 
Gareth furrowed his brow in confusion, seeking an explanation, "Why?" he asked. 
Maintaining her composure, Elisa calmly responded to his inquiry. "There isn't a specific reason. I just don't want any further contact with you. As for Grandma... I hope you can personally explain the situation to her." 
She didn't wanna go to that wedding either. I mean, they were all like, "No divorce allowed!" If she showed up with Gareth, imagine how people would gossip about it. She didn't need those online trolls tagging her as some clingy ex after the divorce. 
Gareth let out a grunt of agreement, totally getting where Elisa was coming from. He felt the same way. 
"Those folks at the wedding? They're not even the real Wickam family. Just some distant relatives of Grandma. They're a bunch of creeps, really. Some of them even changed their last names to Wickam. Luckily, they haven't done anything messed up in the name of the family. But still..." 
Gareth sneered, his voice dripping with cold contempt. 
Elisa didn't bother continuing the conversation. Gareth's response was unwarranted as she wasn't seeking a detailed explanation from him. 
###chapter1556
Chapter 1556 Do You Have a Girlfriend?
She didn't care if those people were close relatives or distant relatives; it was irrelevant to her. 
She had no intention of going. She refused to continue pretending with Gareth, putting on a charade for others. Besides... 
Elisa had thought about it. If she truly loved and cared for Julia, she needed to be upfront and honest. Elisa refused to keep lying and pretending to be something with Gareth before Julia when they weren't. The guilt would eat at her, and she didn't want to live with that regret until Julia took her last breath. 
It wasn't feasible, especially when she had her own life to live. Everything shouldn't revolve around Julia or even the other members of the Wickam family. 
So, Elisa had to make her stance clear. 
"Gareth, I gotta say, your explanations are redundant to me. The truth is, I said what I said 'cause I don't wanna go, and I'm done playing these roles with you. Once I head back, my focus will be on Grandma's health and helping you recover from your injuries, but then I'm back to living my own life." 
Elisa had her own journey to embark on and had to dig into her birth mother's business. 
And as for Benett Corporation... 
It had been forever since she stepped foot in that place, and Norman's discontent ran deep. He wasn't the type to easily let go of his ambitions. 
She had to find out what Norman was scheming and make the most of the situation! 
Elisa decided to lay it all out on the table, being straightforward and severing ties with Gareth. She wore the same expression and attitude and exuded the same demeanor as when she handed him the divorce papers. 
With her current mindset, there was no way they could possibly get back together. 
But what about Grandma? 
Gareth pursed his lips, paused momentarily, and then echoed Elisa's words. 
In a subdued voice, he concurred, "I get where you're coming from. You're an exceptional doctor, and I know you also understand Grandma's condition. Even if she receives treatment with Ganoderma Caligo and recovers, she's already so old. How much longer do you think she can go on?" 
"Have you ever thought that even if Grandma wants us to reconcile and be together again, do I have to pretend with you for three, five, or even ten years? Gareth, you're nothing to me anymore. You're not deserving of that!" 
Gareth's words angered Elisa. 
Gareth fell into silence. 
Not deserving... 
Then who would be deserving of her? 
Will? 
Or Eden? Or that scheming and influential Mr. Carrerra? 
However, he held back from voicing his thoughts. Elisa could feel a headache coming on. "Gareth, please, stop talking about these things. It's really starting to annoy me!" 
Gareth responded nonchalantly. 
Shortly after, Gareth pulled the car over. Elisa walked away, leaving Gareth behind. However, he caught up to her, maintaining a certain distance. 
After contemplating, he spoke slowly, "What do you feel like having for dinner tonight?" 
When they returned from Hoover Homestead, it was already past five o'clock in the evening. They usually had dinner at a regular time. But Elisa had no interest in venturing out anymore. 
She casually replied, "Let's just order room service." 
With that, she left Gareth behind. 
Gareth wasn't upset. Instead, he dialed Thomas's number, "Get dinner ready and have it sent to Room 1101 at Milo De Casa in the Medicine Market." 
"Got it. I'll take care of it," Thomas quickly complied, feeling slightly surprised. 
Had Elisa and Gareth stayed in Moranta purely for convenience, but now that they were back in the
country and still sticking together, could it mean their relationship was evolving? It's funny how something that began as a fa?ade can transform into reality, and what was once real can turn into a charade. Maybe they were on the path to reconciliation? 
With these thoughts in mind, Thomas found himself quite content. 
Julia also caught a glimpse of Thomas' expression. She narrowed her eyes and smiled as she playfully pried, "Got yourself a girlfriend already, huh?"
###chapter1557
Chapter 1557 Forget About What The 'Big Bad Wolf' Might Do to You
Thomas was startled by an elderly voice; he turned around and saw it was Julia. 
He quickly explained, "Oh, no, Old Madam Wickam. That was Mr. Wickam on the phone. I..." 
Julia furrowed, and her expression turned serious. 
"Thomas, you seemed really happy to get his call. Are you sure you're not...?" 
Thomas looked at Julia's concerned face and didn't know whether to laugh or cry. 
He waved his hands and assured her, "No, no, Old Madam Wickam. I'm definitely not the person you think I am. I was happy because Mr. Wickam told me he's currently with Ms. Benett and asked me to get them dinner!" 
"Is that so?" Julia's skeptical gaze didn't waver, clearly showing that she didn't believe him. 
Thomas assured Julia, "Of course, it's true, Old Madam Wickam. I've worked for Mr. Wickam for years; you know me better than anyone. I'm not gay, and I'm not interested in Mr. Wickam. I'm happy because I see him and Ms. Bennet getting closer!" 
Julia was skeptical. After all, there had been no shortage of scandalous rumors about Gareth being gay before he married Elisa. 
She said to Thomas, "Hmm, let's go together." 
Whether Thomas was gay or not, Julia knew she had to do something to help Gareth and Elisa. They
were meant to be together, and she wouldn't let anything stand in her way. 
Julia looked at Thomas, and she saw that he was sincere. Being a caring elderly, Julia was concerned about Thomas too. She knew that Thomas had been working for Gareth for a long time, and she had never heard rumors about him being gay. 
She knew he had been working faithfully and diligently at Gareth's side all these years. He had a good character and was a good kid. For that very reason, she couldn't just let it slide. So, she turned to Thomas and said, "You're not a kid anymore, Thomas. How come you're still not seeing anyone?" 
Thomas was startled. 
He had been genuinely delighted by the progress between Gareth and Elisa. Now, not only was he misunderstood by Old Madam Wickam about his sexual orientation, but he also had to endure her nagging and prying on his private life. He felt utterly at a loss. 
Nevertheless, he had no choice but to patiently explain, hoping to ease Old Madam Wickam's doubts. 
Thomas stated, "Old Madam Wickam, I want to prioritize my career now. That's why I haven't pursued a romantic relationship." 
Julia nodded, understanding his perspective. "I see. In that case, would you like me to set you up with someone?" 
Caught off guard once again. 
Thomas sighed resignedly, dreading the potential disruption to his peaceful single life. 
"Old Madam Wickam, let's forget about setting me up with someone. I think it's best if I go deliver the food now," Thomas proposed. 
Thomas couldn't shake off the thought that Julia had mentioned accompanying him to deliver the food. If he let her come along to where Gareth and Elisa were, it would be like walking into a lion's den. 
Julia immediately protested, her unwillingness apparent, "Didn't you agree to it just now? And now you suddenly don't want me to come? I'm an old lady, but Thomas, don't you dare pull the wool over me?" 
As Julia spoke, her expression grew dark, revealing her displeasure. 
Naturally, Thomas wouldn't dare to deceive her. He quickly explained, "Old Madam Wickam, it's not what you think. I'm worried that Mr. Wickam..." 
Before Thomas could finish, Julia let out disdainful snorts as she interjected, "Aren't I here with you? Why worry about what the 'big bad wolf' might do to you?" 
Sensing her determination, Thomas realized it wasn't the appropriate time to say anything more. 
Under Julia's watchful eye, they swiftly prepared a sumptuous dinner. 
Consequently, Gareth was taken aback by Julia's unexpected presence. 
He shot an intense glare at Thomas, who appeared innocent and helpless. 
Observing Gareth's menacing gaze, Julia quickly positioned herself before Thomas, silently declaring her stance to protect Thomas from his intimidation.
###chapter1558
Chapter 1558 I Refused to Go
"You can't blame him for this; I was the one who asked him to bring me here," Gareth's lips tightened as he withdrew his gaze from Thomas. 
He continued, "Grandma, do you really think it is worth going through all this trouble?" he said exasperatedly. 
Julia's emotions surged as she exclaimed, "If you don't want me to go back and forth, then do as I say. Have you done it? If not, you have no right to complain about my efforts." 
She glared at Gareth with her beady eyes as she reprimanded him. 
Julia was exasperated with Gareth and had no intention of wasting time with Gareth. 
She glanced around, not seeing Elisa anywhere, and promptly asked, "Where is Lis?" 
Gareth quickly responded, "She's in the other room. I'll go get her." 
Despite Gareth's frustration, Julia's presence gave him a reason to find Elisa. 
Julia gave Thomas a knowing look as they arranged the full meals meticulously together. 
Meanwhile, Gareth had arrived at the doorstep of Elisa's room. 
Elisa sat at her computer, ready to begin a task, when there was a knock on the door. 
She knew it was Gareth who had come to call her for dinner. 
Elisa eagerly flung the door open, only to be surprised by the unexpected sight of Julia delivering the meal. 
Elisa was met with Julia's warm smile as she stepped out of her room into the living room. 
"Lis, come and have dinner. You must be famished," Julia said affectionately as her eyes gleamed. 
Elisa briefly glanced at Gareth before making her way toward Julia. 
In their wordless connection, their eyes spoke importance. 
Gareth maintained an aloof demeanor as he gazed into her eyes. 
Julia approached Elisa with a cane in hand. 
Elisa shifted her focus towards Julia as they made their way to the coffee table. "Go on, help yourself," Julia suggested. 
Elisa took a seat on the sofa near the coffee table. She then nodded, "Grandma, this is amazing. But wait, what are you doing here?" 
Gareth continued to remain indifferent through Elisa's probings. 
She remembered that she had explicitly requested a meal from the hotel. 
If Gareth didn't orchestrate Grandma's presence, then it was a deliberate choice on her part. 
Frustration surged as she was acutely aware of Grandma's true intentions. 
Julia smiled and explained, "I overheard Thomas mentioning that he wanted to bring you all some food. Lis, this meal is nothing in return after everything you've done for me." 
Elisa suddenly understood and glanced at Thomas and Gareth. 
Both Thomas and Gareth seemed to be utterly clueless on their part. 
Elisa trusted them at that moment, but she was worried about Julia. 
"Grandma, you are unwell. You should rest well at the hospital. Let Thomas take care of delivering food or gifts. It's not worth the trouble to keep going back and forth. I wouldn't forgive myself if anything happened to you on the way," Elisa said as she communicated her worries. 
Then, Julia took hold of Elisa's hands and gently patted them as she said, "Elisa, what Grandma is doing is nothing compared to what you've done. Your efforts are truly remarkable. I understand you may feel conflicted about the wedding situation..." 
###chapter1559
Chapter 1559 I Refuse to Go to the Wedding
At this point, Julia couldn't help but sigh, her eyes filled with profound helplessness. After several hesitant attempts to speak, she finally said again. "It's not right for you to repay Grandma's debts, but these people insisted on finding a couple with an auspicious birthdate to attend the wedding. We searched everywhere, and you and Gareth seemed to be a perfect fit. So, can you help Grandma out?" 
Julia knew this was part of the show for the crowd. 
Despite the family's unethical decision to change their surname from Smith to Wickham to exploit their association with the Wickhams, Julia saw this wedding as a promising opportunity. She had no choice but to continue fabricating lies to bring them together. 
Elisa was taken aback as Julia's visit was related to this matter. The complexity and turmoil in her eyes were evident. 
She couldn't disregard the sincerity in Julia's eyes. The elderly eyes, no longer as sharp and bright, held a faint veil. 
Elisa's gaze briefly fell upon Gareth's aloofness, and her frustration broiled. 
After much hesitation, Gareth finally spoke softly, "Grandma, as long as you can rest peacefully in the hospital, I will attend this wedding with Lis. You can trust us." 
Before Elisa could utter a word, she was met with Gareth's low, steady voice by her side. 
Elisa was furious. 
How could he? Elisa never wanted to go to the wedding, and now he agreed to Grandma's idea. 
She resisted the urge to scream but chose to stay silent in front of Grandma. 
Upon hearing Gareth's statement, Grandma's spirits lifted instantly. She responded cheerfully, "Okay! You can go to the wedding. I will focus on my treatment." 
The message was clear. 
Elisa felt helpless and sighed, unable to protest any further. She continued chatting with Julia and even provided her with a hand massage. 
After Julia and Thomas left, Elisa's smile faded, and she turned coldly towards Gareth and shot at him, "Gareth, are you out of your mind? Did you not hear what I previously told you about? Are you an idiot?" 
She blurted those words angrily. 
Gareth calmly explained, "Grandma went out of her way to come here, and the conversation had already reached that point. We couldn't possibly let her down, could we?" 
"I know I made the promise to Grandma without your consent, but I assure you, this will be the last time." 
Gareth had no interest in attending any wedding. 
However, he didn't want to miss any chance with her. Grandma's efforts made him believe this wedding
could be a turning point. 
Elisa's simmering anger erupted as she unleashed a torrent of scathing words upon Gareth.
###chapter1560
Chapter 1560 Some Things Must Be Said
Grandma left happily with Thomas after listening to Gareth's promises. 
It didn't matter how much Elisa hated it. She couldn't change a thing about it. 
Unfortunately, she wasn't cold enough to see it through. 
Besides, it was also agreed upon. 
As long as Grandma was safely recuperating in the hospital, she was happy to attend the wedding with Gareth. 
However, some things must be said, no matter how difficult they were to hear. 
Elisa looked Gareth straight in the face and said, "When the tabloids start spreading the news about the two of us, you'll have to squash it immediately. I'm doing you a favor, so you need to make sure this doesn't go any further. I would also like you to clarify that there's nothing between us." 
There was no hint of humor in her voice. 
Gareth knew she was furious for having to do this. 
But he also knew she would compromise for his grandmother's sake. 
However, he did not expect her to draw such a clear line between them. 
He couldn't help but wonder how she would react if it were a scandal with someone else. 
Before he knew what he was doing, Gareth blurted out the question. 
"Elisa, what would you do if you were involved in a scandal with Will Darcey or Eden?" 
Gareth turned to her. 
His eyes were dark and unfathomable, 
Elisa, "?" 
She frowned, confused by his question. 
Taking in Gareth's curious expression, Elisa pursed her lips and pondered his question. It took her a while to answer him. 
"Why would I spend time thinking about something that would probably never happen? Even if we were involved in a scandal, and if it significantly affected my livelihood, I could handle it alone. And more importantly, this has nothing to do with you." 
Elisa hit the nail on the head. 
Gareth's heart sank when he heard the words 'nothing to do with you'. 
It upset him. 
He had never been surer of how he felt. 
Before Gareth could say anything else, Elisa spun on her heel and left. 
The next time they met was at four in the morning the next day. 
The Medicine Market was just opening up. 
Elisa assumed she had to wake Gareth up, but his inky dark eyes greeted her when she opened the door. 
She noticed his eyes were bloodshot. 
He also looked tired. 
"Did you not sleep at all last night?" Elisa asked. 
"Yeah." Gareth nodded. 
Gareth had felt unsettled ever since she walked away from him. 
Even smoking an entire pack of cigarettes had done nothing to calm his restlessness. 
The next thing he knew, it was early morning, and time for them to go to the morning market. 
He stood at the door, not knowing if he should knock when Elisa opened the door. 
An indescribable flood of emotion surged in his chest when their eyes met. 
Elisa shot him a glance when Gareth stayed silent. 
"Do you actually think you're Ironman? How will you function without sleeping all night?" 
But Gareth didn't see it as a problem. 
"Just one night won't kill me." He calmly replied. 
He really didn't think it was an issue. 
Elisa decided it would be best for her to stop talking to him. 
It might not kill him, but it definitely would kill her! 
"Let's go." 
"Sure." 
Gareth followed her. 
They left the room and exited the hotel. 
After walking for ten minutes, they arrived at the morning market. 
Before they could start browsing, a little girl crashed into Elisa's arms. 
###chapter1561
Chapter 1561 I Won't Beat Up The Thief
"Miss! Miss! I'm so sorry!" The little girl apologized meekly. 
Elisa stopped and looked down at the girl. 
She was all skin and bones. Her eyes were wide with panic and fear. 
The girl's hand clenched tightly behind her back. 
However, Elisa continued to browse the medicinal herbs on display. 
The market was bustling with people, and the sound of people shouting their wares and haggling filled the air. Elisa had already forgotten about bumping into the little girl from earlier. After paying for her items, she glanced at Gareth, indicating for them to leave. 
But they were blocked in. 
"Excuse me. Please let us through." Elisa said to the middle-aged man standing in the center. 
But he was more focused on what was happening outside and completely ignored them. 
Realizing the man would not move, Gareth led Elisa past him, pushing a path through the crowd. 
The crowd surrounded the little girl who had bumped into Elisa earlier! 
The girl looked emasculated, as if she hadn't had a good meal in a while. She was so pale. Her eyes looked like wide orbs filled with fear in her little face. 
Across from her stood a middle-aged man in some sort of work uniform. He looked to be around his mid-forties. 
Catching her attention, Elisa stopped to watch. 
"What are you all looking at? He's just disciplining the child!" A woman called out with impatience. 
"Is that so?" Someone else piped up. 
The woman had seen the waiter catching the girl stealing. She yelled back, "That girl's a thief! Of all things to learn! I can't believe she's learned to steal at such a young age. Someone needs to teach her a lesson!" 
"I can't believe what I'm hearing!" The other woman cried out. She spun around and stalked off. 
Elisa looked the child up and down. The girl's skin was mottled with cuts and bruises. 
She looked like she had just been beaten. 
Devoid of empathy, the man wrapped a hand around the girl's neck in an iron grip. 
"Please…" She whimpered. 
Her pupils dilated with fear. Her eyes looked left and right, desperately seeking help from anyone in the crowd. 
Her eyes met Elisa's compassionate gaze. 
The girl's eyes brightened with hope. 
Elisa's chest tightened. She looked away. 
She couldn't bear seeing a child treated this way. 
Violence should never be the answer even if she had made a mistake. 
The man was strangling her! What if he killed her? Her family would be devastated. 
No! Her conscience would not allow her to let this happen. 
Elisa dropped her newly bought herbs and ran towards them. 
The man squeezed the girl's neck, and the color drained from her face. 
"Let go of her!" Elisa shouted. 
The man stopped and glared at her. "Is she yours?" 
"She's not." Elisa did not hesitate to bark back. She reached forwards to pull the girl out of his grasp. 
"Then mind your own business. I'm going to flog this little thief within an inch of her life if it's the last thing I do." The man snarled. 
The girl's eyes shone with hope. She parted her lips as if to say something. 
She mouthed something to Elisa as if pleading with Elisa to save her. 
"If you do not let go of her right now, I'm calling the police." Elisa reached into her pocket for her phone. 
This only enraged the man. 
He stalked menacingly toward Elisa. 
But Gareth grabbed his hand before he could reach Elisa. 
There was a snapping sound. 
The man squealed like a pig led to slaughter. He was in so much pain that he flung the girl aside. 
The girl fell onto the ground face first. She coughed violently, spitting out blood.
###chapter1562
Chapter 1562 Precaution
Elisa rushed towards her. 
While Gareth dealt with the man. 
Elisa helped the girl to her feet and told her to stay still. 
The girl clung to the bag of medicine she had been holding the entire time. 
Noticing this, Elisa said comfortingly, "Don't worry. I'll pay for you." 
The girl looked up at Elisa. She nodded meekly, expressing gratitude. 
Elisa noticed the girl's clothes were riddled with holes at this close distance. 
Her pants were also way too short for her. 
It was distressing to see such a thing in present times. 
"What's your name?" Elisa asked gently. 
The girl studied Elisa before replying in a small voice, "Stacy Lynch." 
Elisa gave her some pain medication. "Does it still hurt, Stacy?" She softly asked. 
The girl started to tear up at the concern in Elisa's voice. "Please don't call the police, miss. Please! You can't call the police. I just want to go home." 
"Alright." Elisa wanted to ask her more questions but stopped when she heard the girl's tearful pleading. 
Suddenly, they heard a cold and indifferent voice say, "Stop with eh good Samaritan act, and don't forget to pay." 
They were mocking Elisa. 
After all, in this day and age, medicine has become so affordable for anyone. 
"Shut up." Elisa glared at them warningly. 
If Elisa hadn't promised the girl to not call the police, she would have dragged the man by the hair to the police station. 
She escorted the young girl to the market entrance and watched the girl weave through the crowd. It was evidently not her first time visiting the market. 
Elisa was baffled. The girl was so young. What circumstances led her to be out stealing medicine on her own? 
She was both confused and worried for the young girl. 
Elisa decided to follow her. 
Elisa followed her for a few blocks until they reached the end of Chamomile Street. The girl darted
through the gates of a small run-down-looking house. 
Elisa peered into the house. 
Not seeing anyone, she decided to leave when she heard a rasping cough coming from inside the house. 
The voice was raspy and hoarse. Whoever it was must be extremely ill. 
She came to a halt at the sound of the coughing. 
Elisa pushed open the door and stepped into the house. Immediately, the foul stench of mold and decay hit her nostrils. Her eyes started to water, but the house looked clean, to her surprise. 
Elisa walked further into the house. 
She came to a dimly lit room. In the room, there was a small bed with a thin mattress. On it lay a thin, emaciated man. 
The man had a sallow complexion, and the fetid odor came from him. 
Hearing footsteps, the girl whipped around in fear. She calmed down when she saw it was Elisa. 
"Miss, you followed me." 
Her voice was small and timid. 
Elisa nodded. Her throat suddenly felt scratchy, "Are you the only one taking care of him?" 
"Yes. D-dad is sick…" Stacy said helplessly. She forced herself to smile at Elisa, "But he'll be better once he takes the medicine. He has to." 
Suppressing the urge to gag at the smell, Elisa approached the girl and reached for the medicine. 
Fearing Elisa would take the medicine from her, Stacy's grip tightened around the bag. She eyed Elisa warily. 
"You need to boil the herbs in water before giving him any. It'll be too difficult for him to swallow otherwise." Elisa took the herbs from Stacy. Elisa quickly prepared the medicine with practiced hands before handing it back to Stacy. 
Elisa scanned the room and found a stool in the corner. 
###chapter1563
Chapter 1563 Eyes Filled With Gratitude
"How did your father get sick, Stacy?" Elisa asked lightly. 
Stacy's expression tightened. 
Her eyes filled with hate and resentment. 
"Norman Benett! Dad said Norman Benett made him sick!" Her childlike voice was filled with pain and anger. 
Norman? 
Elisa's expression darkened at the mention of his name. 
She had been investigating Norman's crimes and searching for the families of his victims, but they had proven elusive. 
Incredible, she had somehow stumbled into them today. 
She had spent days trying to nail Norman down but to no avail. 
It was now or never. 
Elisa collected her thought and gently probed, "Is it just you and your father, Stacy?" 
"Yes." Stacy replied while feeding her father. 
Taking in the barren room, Elisa reached into her pocket and handed Stacy some money. 
"Thank you, Miss." Stacy's voice was thick with tears. 
It so happened that Elisa had bought some ointment for cuts and wounds when she purchased the herbs earlier. 
"Come here. Let me look at your wounds." Elisa examined each of the girl's injuries and liberally applied ointment to them. 
After that was done, Elisa inspected the father. 
She discovered that he had contracted pneumonia. His condition was so severe if not treated immediately, it could cause death. 
Elisa left the house after reassuring Stacy. 
She returned to the Medicine Market. 
The market was now packed with people. 
Elisa was never one for charity. 
Driven by purpose, she stalked towards the man who had assaulted the girl earlier and sent a thin surgical needle flying toward his posterior. 
Gareth could hear the needle cutting through the man's clothes. 
The man cried like a pig being led to slaughter. 
"He's asking for it!" 
He had just suffered a beating from another man, and now, what was this sensation? 
He was furious. 
The man whipped his head around and caught Elisa's icy cold glare staring right at him. 
"Was it you?" 
He recognized Elisa. She was the one who had come to the little girl's rescue! She was in league with the man who was beating him up! 
He demanded her to answer him, but Elisa did not say anything. 
Seeing how Elisa was on her own, he charged towards her. Grabbing her shoulders and shaking her, he shouted in her face, "I'm calling the police! Don't even think of leaving!" 
"Let go." Elisa threatened. Her eyes warned him to release her, or she would cripple him for life. 
A crowd gathered around them. 
Unfortunately for the man, he was accustomed to using violence to get what he wanted. 
He squeezed his hands tighter and asked, "I said, were you the one to do it?" 
"This is your last warning. Let go." The man suddenly felt a tingling sensation down his spine. He collapsed before Elisa. 
Hah! And he thought he was tough! 
Completely ignoring him, Elisa quickly selected several medicinal herbs to temporarily alleviate Stacy's father's illness. 
She paid for her purchases. 
Elisa's lips curled when she thought of Norman. 
Norman Benett… 
He could have walked toward heaven, but he willingly threw himself into hell. 
I'll get my revenge even if it's the last thing I do. 
Elisa quickly returned to Stacy's house. 
Finally used to Elisa, Stacy smiled hesitantly at the sight of her. 
"What brings you back, miss?" She asked hesitantly. She was both embarrassed by her circumstances yet grateful for what Elisa had done for her. 
###chapter1564
Chapter 1564 Poison
Her crystal clear eyes stared at Elisa. 
Stacy saw the bag of herbs in Elisa's hand. 
"Listen carefully, Stacy. These are all medicinal herbs for your father. You'll need to boil them in water and feed them to your father three times a day. Make sure he drinks it all." 
Elisa labeled the herbs carefully and put them somewhere the girl could reach. 
"Can you read?" 
Stacy nodded. 
She carefully memorized the instructions and the names of the herbs. 
It was getting late, and darkness was settling in. 
Elisa finished writing up the instructions for the herbal concoction and walked out of the house into the alley. 
People were bustling about on the main street, but Elisa was heavy with worry. She knew she would have to visit a few more times to ensure everything was going alright with Stacy's father. 
Back at the hotel, Elisa organized the herbs she had purchased for herself. 
She rubbed her shoulders, thinking about what she could do to make Stacy's life easier. 
Elisa could not allow Stacy's father to continue staying in that condition. 
He would need to have an operation, or his cough will worsen. 
Only then could Elisa convince Stacy and her father to fight against Norman! 
"Why bother with that girl?" 
After taking care of the man at the market, Gareth called Thomas and returned to the hotel. 
Mainly because Elisa had disappeared, and she wasn't picking up her phone. 
Gareth thought she might have returned to the hotel, so he returned to wait for her. 
However, she was not there either. 
He considered returning to the medicine market to look for her, but the effects of the drugs in his body kicked in. 
He gritted his teeth through the pain. 
Until she returned… 
Gareth was also curious as to why Elisa intervened. 
She wasn't the type to stick her nose into other people's business. 
"No reason in particular. I just thought she looked sad." Elisa said indifferently. 
She did not tell Gareth about Stacy and her father's connection with Norman. 
Gareth would probably leave in the middle of it. There was no need for her to explain every single thing she did to him. 
"Is that so?" 
The way he said it annoyed Elisa. 
Elisa frowned, "Why else do you think I did it? And what do you mean by interrogating me like this?" 
"I didn't mean it that way." Gareth tried to explain himself. 
"If you did not mean it that way, why did you ask me those things?" Elisa argued. "We were supposed to go to the Medicine Market together, but you left and returned to the hotel without saying a thing to me. You have some nerve, Gareth Wickam!" 
Elisa vented her frustration. 
She became increasingly angry. 
Did Gareth think she was poking her nose into other people's business just because she helped the girl? Was that why he came back to the hotel early? 
If that was the case, Gareth was crueler and more narrow-minded than she had thought! 
"Elisa, I did not come back early!" Gareth said exasperatedly. "I took care of that man for you. Just because you did not see it doesn't mean it didn't happen! And I did try to contact you, but you didn't pick up!" 
If what he was saying was true, then Elisa was wrong in blaming him. 
Elisa retrieved her phone and glanced through it. 
There were over a dozen missed calls and messages from Gareth. 
But what difference did it make now? 
Elisa pursed her lips and replied coldly, "Whatever. You still came back early." 
It was the truth. 
"I couldn't reach you, and I thought you had returned to the hotel." Explained Gareth. "When I realized you did not return, the drugs had started acting up…"
###chapter1565
Chapter 1565 Unwavering
In the beginning, Gareth had no intention of telling Elisa about the drugs taking effect. 
But Elisa misunderstood him. 
He remembered his grandmother's advice, "You rascal, don't beat around the bush regarding important matters! Keep Elisa by your side by any means necessary!" 
"Women are easily swayed by emotions. Do whatever you have to!" 
It was the only reason he mentioned the drugs. 
He didn't want Elisa to misunderstand him, and he wanted her to let down her guard around him. 
Taking in his expression, Elisa knew Gareth wasn't one to tell lies. 
"Acting up?" Her expression tightened. 
She checked his pulse. It was weak and erratic. A sign of the drugs had affected him. 
"You…" 
Elisa stared at Gareth in disbelief. 
She couldn't imagine how he had managed the pain without any medicine or assistance. 
"I couldn't breathe when it started to hurt." Gareth gasped. He placed a hand over his chest. 
Elisa handed him the pill she had been developing. "Take this. I'll prepare a medicinal bath for you and brew a decoction. After that, you need to rest." 
Gareth didn't look like he was lying. 
He listened to her instructions and frowned, "What will you do after?" 
She had planned to return to Stacy's house to check on them. 
"I have plans." Elisa blew him off, deliberately being vague. 
Taking in her nonchalant attitude, Gareth instinctively knew she was going to look for the little girl. 
If there was one thing he knew for sure about Elisa, she hated sticking her nose into other people's business. 
Based on their recent interactions and her style of doing things, there must be something going on with the girl. Otherwise, Elisa wouldn't go to such great lengths to help someone she didn't know. 
Gareth tightened his lips before saying, "I'm coming with you." 
"No. I can take care of it myself." Elisa turned him down. 
"What can a sick person like you do?" She added. "I'll spend more energy worrying about you if you come." 
Elisa glanced at him with disdain. 
Despite catching the look she gave him, Gareth did not change his mind. 
He raised an eyebrow and said, "I handled the effects fine on my own. You don't need to worry about me. I'm here to help you. I won't slow you down." 
He was firm and simultaneously trying to reassure her. 
Elisa frowned. "Even if you do come with me, there's nothing you can do. Can't you just stay in the room and rest, Gareth?" 
His insistence would only cause trouble for her. 
What if something happened to him? What if he got injured or fainted because of the drug? Wouldn't that be hindering her? 
That was why she did not want Gareth to accompany her. 
Gareth's lips tightened into a thin line. His expression became cold and angry, 
But his demeanor did nothing to change Elisa's mind. 
She filled the bath and threw the required medicinal herbs into it. 
After that was done, she nodded toward Gareth. "Have a soak. I'll brew your medicine. I think I should call Thomas and ask him to come and take care of you."
###chapter1566
Chapter 1566 What Is Your Relationship With Norman Benett?
Listening to her arrangements, Gareth understood her determination. 
She had truly excluded him. 
But the thing was… 
He couldn't help but worry about her. 
Agreeing to her calling Thomas, Gareth proposed, "How about letting Thomas go with you? I'm fine on my own." 
Elisa, "…" 
Elisa eyed him. "You're unbelievable. Aren't you afraid your side effects will come back? Just because you could endure it once doesn't mean you can do it again, Gareth!" 
Gareth did not take her seriously, "Some time has passed since then, and yet I haven't relapsed again." 
"Just because it hasn't, doesn't mean it won't! The drug is still in your bloodstream…" 
Elisa suddenly thought of Nicole. 
If Nicole could tell them the origins of the drug, they'd be able to find a solution once they know its composition. 
Elisa said to Gareth, "I think you should contact Nicole." 
Gareth immediately knew what her intentions were. But after everything Nicole had done… 
He stared at her coldly, "Do you think I'd do that?" 
Elisa remained quiet. 
Not once did Gareth consider asking Nicole for help. 
He wanted to expose Nicole's schemes and have his revenge. 
But there was a possibility that he could use his good looks to trick her. 
Before she could suggest it, Gareth cut her off, "Do you honestly think Nicole will fall for it?" 
Her name had been dragged into the mud after the video was exposed. 
Besides, Gareth and Elisa had both confronted her on separate occasions. 
Nicole wasn't stupid. They couldn't get her to talk last time. What made them think she'd speak if they tried again? 
"It was just a suggestion. No one can force you to do something you don't want to." She pursed her lips. "Call Thomas. I'm leaving." 
Elisa immediately left the hotel. 
Gareth lay in the bathtub. He watched until she walked out the door and closed it behind her. 
Elisa hailed a taxi and headed to Stacy's place. 
Stacy was incredibly grateful to Elisa for saving her life and buying her medicine. 
Elisa's gentleness convinced Stacy that Elisa was a kind person. 
Stacy liked her, but her father was suspicious of Elisa's frequent appearances. 
While Stacy was out shopping, her father mustered the strength to sit up and angrily reprimanded her, "I don't care how many other children have fallen for your tricks, but you're not doing that to my child! You've come to my house too many times now. What are your motives?" 
It was natural for people to have suspicions, especially with their current situation. Elisa understood Mr. Lynch's concerns. 
"I believe Stacy has told you how we met." She started to explain. "She's so young. I couldn't stand by and watch her get beat up. Besides, Norman Benett is also…" 
"What is your relationship with Norman Benett?" 
Before she could finish, Mr. Lynch exploded with anger. 
His eyes were filled with rage and hatred at the mention of Norman's name. 
There was half a bottle left of the medicine Elisa had made for him. She placed it on the bedside table
next to Mr. Lynch. 
"This is one of my concoctions. Take one if you're in any discomfort. I'll help you recover. Your current condition…" 
###chapter1567
Chapter 1567 Empty And Desolate
Mr. Lynch did not want to hear Elisa's empty promises. "Stop spewing nonsense! Get to the point. What do you want?" 
"If I were working with Norman, why would I bother making you this medicine?" Elisa asked. "I'd be eagerly waiting for your early demise!" 
"We have the same goal. Both of us want Norman dead. I can help you with that. But first, you need to get better." 
Elisa said calmly and unhurriedly. 
But her eyes revealed her hatred for Norman whenever his name came up. 
If Rose had not taken the blame for him, Norman would already be in jail! He would no longer be CEO of Benett Corporation. 
However! 
She had continued investigating. She would never let Norman continue to live so freely. 
Mr. Lynch and Stacy was the breakthrough she had been looking for. 
Mr. Lynch noticed a resemblance between Elisa's features and Norman's. 
Confused, he asked cautiously, "What is your relationship with Norman?" 
Elisa's eyes grew cold like ice. Her voice sent a shudder down his spine. 
"He is my uncle and also my father's murderer." 
Mr. Lynch immediately understood. 
After a moment of silence, he said, "You must have found us after investigating what happened. I can do as you say, but I have one request…" 
"Is it about Stacy? 
Elisa knew why Mr. Lynch was hesitating. His daughter was his greatest concern. 
She understood and asked him. 
Mr. Lynch nodded. His eyes filled with sorrow. 
"Don't worry. I'll help you. You're not going to die. I will change your current situation. As for Stacy… She's supposed to be going to school. I'll arrange for her to go to a reputable school." 
Elisa promised Mr. Lynch. 
Her wanting to take down Norman wasn't her only motivation for doing this. She also felt a connection with Stacy. 
It just so happened that Stacy returned then. 
She was holding some cup noodles she bought from the corner store. That was their lunch. 
Stacy overheard Elisa talking about sending her to school. She rushed towards Elisa in excitement. 
"Are you serious, miss? I'm going to school?" 
Stacy was seven years old. She was supposed to be in primary school. 
During the three years she spent in kindergarten, Stacy was a well-behaved and obedient student. 
While her mother was still alive, she would help Stacy with her homework. Stacy enjoyed her time in school. She liked her teachers and classmates. 
Mr. Lynch had been bedridden ever since the accident. They were so deep in debt Stacy's mother went to confront Norman but died in a car accident. 
Stacy stopped going to school ever since. They had no one else to depend on but themselves. 
"Yes, I'll help you. I'll make sure you can go to school. But right now, you need a new place to stay." 
Elisa smiled warmly at Stacy and ruffled her hair. 
Their house was bare. There wasn't much to pack. All they took with them were the medicine Elisa bought them. 
They were waiting to hail a taxi when a black luxury car stopped before them. 
The driver's window rolled down to reveal Gareth's stern face. 
###chapter1568
Chapter 1568 Create Further Misunderstandings
She was startled by his sudden appearance. Why had this jerk come here? 
"Get in the car." 
Gareth demanded in a deep, emotionless voice. 
Elisa had no reason to turn down a free ride, especially since he was already here. 
Stacy and Elisa supported Mr. Lynch to the passenger seat behind. 
Gareth's face twisted into a deep scowl as he looked at her. 
As Elisa was about to get into the back seat, Gareth stopped her. "Get in the front," he said. "I have something to talk to you about." 
Elisa did as she was told and got into the passenger seat beside him. 
Gareth's expression was inscrutable as he spoke. "How are you planning to help them?" he asked. 
Gareth's knowledge of Elisa's whereabouts made it clear that he was not oblivious to the truth. 
Elisa no longer felt the need to hide it from him. "I'm planning to get Mr. Lynch and Stacy a house near the elementary school and have Stacy enrolled in her new school," she replied. 
She had already figured out the plans for Mr. Lynch and Stacy to settle in the city. Such matters were trivial to her and Gareth. 
After Elisa explained her plans, Gareth immediately called Thomas to get started on the arrangements. 
Thomas was able to settle the matter in five minutes. 
But Elisa didn't feel grateful to Gareth for intervening. 
She believed she could have handled it herself. 
She didn't want Gareth to be involved in her matters. "I told you I could handle it myself," Elisa said with an exaggerated sigh. "Why do you keep interfering in my personal affairs? Are you trying to make me feel guilty?" 
She was honest with him, even though she knew it would make him uncomfortable. 
Elisa had tried to distance herself from Gareth, but he kept popping up in her life. 
Gareth's face turned grim as he raised his eyebrows in surprise. "Why do you think that of me? I didn't want you to get exhausted from handling this alone. There were no cars on the street when I got here. Do you really think you could have gotten a taxi here?" 
She would have had to wait for several hours. 
Furthermore, she had to hold on to a frail middle-aged man! 
When he thought of how close she had stood to the man as she supported him to walk, Gareth felt a pang of jealousy. 
Elisa was rendered speechless. 
She couldn't believe that Gareth was blaming her for this. 
"I'm grateful you came here just in time to help us, but will you please be more mindful of what I told you before?" Elisa asked, her tone laced with exasperation. 
"Kay," Gareth muttered softly. "I know you're worried about the poison in my body and my injury, but what's to worry about with you beside me?" 
Elisa's eyebrows lifted in surprise. 
Was that what she meant? 
She turned to look at Gareth. His eyes were profound and unwavering as he focused on the road. 
He should be glad he was driving and that the car had an excellent soundproofing system. 
Otherwise, she would have lashed out at him there and then. 
She didn't want to pay attention to him anymore; she was tired of potentially creating further misunderstandings. 
Gareth immediately drove them to the house, which Thomas had already prepared. 
Thomas was undoubtedly outstanding at his work. He had prepared a house with a bedroom and a
living room for the father and daughter, complete with all the necessary furniture. 
Thomas had even thought of the school essentials. 
There was a set of school supplies in the bedroom and an admission form for transfer students. 
As Stacy and Mr. Lynch entered the bedroom, Thomas immediately handed them the keys and the form. 
"Here is a form that you need to fill out and send to the school administration office." 
Before Mr. Lynch could say anything, Elisa took the form from him and said, "You rest at home. I'll take care of this." 
Gareth was stunned by Elisa's actions. 
He had never seen Elisa so eager to help him with his personal matters. 
But this was a stranger. Why was she going out of her way to help him? 
###chapter1569
Chapter 1569 Understood Why Elisa Was So Caring
If Mr. Lynch had really died and Elisa didn't want Norman to go free, Gareth could have easily sent him to jail with the charges of murder. 
Why did she put herself through so much trouble? 
Gareth was troubled by this thought and wanted to discuss it. 
Thomas caught sight of Gareth's frown and spoke up before Gareth could say anything. "Let me do it," he said. "It must be tiring for Ms. Benett to travel back and forth." 
"Okay, you can take care of it." 
Elisa trusted Thomas's abilities. 
"My pleasure," he agreed without hesitation. 
He reached out and took the form from her hands. 
Elisa turned to Mr. Lynch. "Anything else you need?" she asked, her gaze directed towards Mr. Lynch. 
Mr. Lynch hugged Stacy tightly in his arms, and her eyes widened in surprise. 
"Elisa, is it true that we can stay here?" 
Mr. Lynch was stunned. He didn't think Elisa would keep her promises, let alone secure them with a hospitable place to stay. 
Elisa smiled broadly. "Of course! When have I ever lied to you?" 
Mr. Lynch was so grateful to Elisa that he kept bowing his head and thanking her. "Thank you so much," he uttered repeatedly. "I won't let you down." 
In the meantime, as Elisa and Gareth had helped Mr. Lynch and his daughter settle down, the news traveled to Norman's ears. 
He was seated in the general manager's office when he learned of it. 
Before him was his new assistant, who was reporting to him about the situation with the Lynch family. 
"Mr. Benett, Elisa now has the Lynch family on her side," his assistant said. 
Norman's eyebrows snapped together when he heard the report. "What did you say?" 
What are they up to? 
It's never good news when someone partners up with Elisa, and now she's got the Lynch family on her side. 
"Elisa brought Stacy from the slums to a house near Hope Elementary School. It looks like she's planning to use this family to find a breakthrough for her case." 
The assistant had pursed his lips, his face a solemn mask as he reported. 
The veins on Norman's neck grew visibly with annoyance. 
He glared angrily at his assistant. "It's obvious what you have to do. The Lynch family can't stay here!" 
Norman barked out his orders; his face twisted in a fury. 
"Elisa is still looking out for them. I'm worried…" 
The assistant's eyes shifted nervously, betraying his uncertainty and unease. 
Norman's voice was cold and demanding. "Do we have to just sit here and wait for her to make a move? Can't you think of another way? Her very existence is a threat to me!" 
Norman had been planning his schemes even while Elisa was still in Moranta. 
But Elisa returned from Moranta before his plans could be put into action. 
Despite her abrupt appearance, he was still planning to proceed with his original plans. 
… 
On Elisa's end, she brought Mr. Lynch and Stacy out. 
She treated Mr. Lynch and Stacy to a meal at a nearby hotel. 
Stacy ate so much that she was stuffed, and Mr. Lynch, who had been polite and reserved when he thanked her earlier, was also gobbling down the food. 
After all, Stacy wouldn't eat if he didn't eat. This was their most scrumptious meal yet. 
As soon as they finished their meal, Thomas completed Stacy's admission procedures into the school. 
Hope Elementary School was a boarding school, so Thomas ensured Stacy had everything she needed, including blankets and other essentials. 
When she saw a shopping mall nearby, she questioned, "Stacy is going to school soon. She needs to have enough clothes to wear to school. There's a big shopping mall nearby. Why don't we go over and take a look to see if there's anything she might need to buy?" 
Seeing the exchange between them, Gareth finally understood why Elisa was extending her care to them.
###chapter1570
Chapter 1570 Stay Away From Me
She wanted to win their hearts so that Mr. Lynch would be motivated to help her with the case against Norman, and hopefully, they would find a new breakthrough in their plan. 
But wouldn't it look like they were a couple taking their daughter shopping if they went in together? 
Even though Gareth knew they weren't a couple, he didn't want anyone to get the wrong idea. 
So, he pulled Elisa forward and away from them and said, "You can tell Thomas to handle those things. He will get people to send them their clothes according to their sizes. We have other matters to attend to." 
Elisa's forehead creased, hearing his impatient demands. She didn't say a word, but her eyes were cold and uninviting. 
What did Gareth need her for so urgently? She was also upset that he hadn't told her sooner. 
Despite her annoyance with him, she had to keep a straight face before the strangers. 
Where did Thomas go? 
When he overheard Gareth's words, he whisked the Lynch family away. 
As a result, only Gareth and Elisa were left alone, facing each other. 
Elisa's eyebrows lifted, and her eyes flashed with annoyance. "Gareth, why do you always have to get involved in my personal life?" 
Her eyes narrowed, and her features hardened. 
If Gareth knew where she was, did that mean he knew the whole truth? 
Elisa's mind raced as she tried to figure out what Gareth knew. 
She wanted to clarify it with him right away. "You must care about Linda to be so concerned about her father even after she's gone." 
Elisa pressed her lips into a thin line and spoke coldly to him. 
"I'm doing this not because of Linda. She has already died in a car accident. I don't care… I never did." 
Gareth immediately denied her suspicions. He wanted to say that he had never cared about Linda like the way he did with her. 
But if he said it like that, it would still mean that he had cared about Linda to some extent, even if they were not romantic. 
However, he had never even thought about her romantically before! 
His words caught in his throat as he tried to reassure her, and he stressed the word "never." 
Elisa didn't believe him. "Never? If you never cared about her, why did you leave me for her? If you never cared about her, how do you explain what you did and the words you said to me in the past?" 
"Aren't you well aware of why I treated Linda the way I did? You can do whatever you want to bring down Norman. I won't stop you, but why do you accuse me of getting in your way every time you see me?" 
Gareth's pursed lips slowly opened, and he spoke clearly, enunciating each word. 
Well aware? 
She knew the truth, but what did it matter? 
He couldn't deny that he had left her for Linda, and he couldn't deny that he had been cruel to her because of Linda. 
"I have my own things to do. I don't want to argue with you here. If you're bored, you can get a massage or walk around the mall. Just please stay away from me, okay?" 
She didn't want him to ruin her day. 
Gareth was concerned about her safety, so he didn't want to let her out of sight. 
He smirked and spoke his mind with a hint of amusement. 
"I understand you want to help, but I think you're going overboard." 
###chapter1571
Chapter 1571 Subject of Much Gossip and Speculation
When he mentioned them, he couldn't help but think of the image of her holding Mr. Lynch closely. 
The thought made his heart beat faster and his head throb with pain. 
Elisa was furious with Gareth's behavior. 
She glared at him and said, "Since when did I go overboard? You're the one who's going overboard!" 
Why did he have to keep controlling her life? 
And he had always acted arrogant whenever he demanded that she do things his way. 
Gareth refused to accept her judgment of him. 
"I don't think I'm going overboard." 
"That's your opinion, but isn't it up to me to decide if you're overstepping my boundaries?" 
Their disagreement sparked another argument. 
"Sure, it's up to you to decide if I'm crossing the line, but I disagree. Do you have to dismiss my efforts for such a minor issue? Aren't you being unfair to me?" 
Elisa's eyes widened in disbelief and surprise, her heart hammering in her chest. 
She never expected Gareth to bring up fairness. 
Nevertheless, since he had started the conversation about fairness, she wasn't going to hold back her thoughts. 
"You're blaming me for being unfair to you now? But have you ever treated me fairly before?" she scoffed. 
Was he trying to lay the blame at her feet? 
"Elisa, you shouldn't bring up the past." 
"Why not? It hasn't been that long." 
Elisa was quick to rebut his argument. 
It hadn't been that long since they were last together, so there was no reason to separate the past from the present like it didn't matter anymore. 
Gareth had never treated her fairly, so wouldn't it be reasonable for her to give him a taste of his own medicine? 
She added, "If you think I'm being unfair, you can just leave, can't you?" 
He wouldn't be so upset if he just left quietly; he wouldn't have to see her interactions with the Lynch family anymore. 
Gareth fell silent, his eyes lifeless and expressionless.
Her words stung and further confirmed his beliefs that Elisa wasn't the same person he had once known. 
She would no longer spare him a glance and would no longer treat him with endearment as she once did. 
But there was absolutely no chance that he would leave. 
Thus, he decided to drop the argument and kept quiet. 
Thomas was very efficient. He was able to buy their clothes and daily essentials in a short amount of time. 
When they returned to the house, Mr. Lynch knelt before Elisa. 
"Ms. Benett, please don't worry. I will testify against Norman, even if it means giving up my life." 
He was deeply grateful for Elisa's help and wanted to show his indebtedness. 
However, Mr. Lynch had a favor to ask of her. 
With Elisa's influential status, Stacy would have a bright future if she was adopted by Elisa. 
Therefore, Mr. Lynch suggested, "Ms. Benett, I don't know how much longer I have to live, but I promise you that I will never let Norman go free for his crimes. However, I am worried about my daughter. Would you be so kind as to take Stacy under your care? You can make her do anything for
you. Please adopt her..." 
Gareth interrupted without allowing Elisa to respond to Mr. Lynch's plea. 
"No way," Gareth said, dismissing the idea without a second thought. 
Stacy was already seven years old. If she adopted her, would Stacy be her daughter or little sister? 
No matter how Elisa chooses to reveal Stacy's identity, there will be plenty of scandals about her. 
By then, it would be too late for Elisa to escape being the subject of gossip and speculation. 
###chapter1572
Chapter 1572 Should Not Be Taken Advantage Of
At the same time, Gareth was not pleased with Mr. Lynch, believing that Mr. Lynch was trying to take advantage of Elisa. 
Mr. Lynch's face darkened when he heard Gareth's firm refusal. 
However, he remained kneeling. His eyes, filled with emotion, were still fixed on Elisa. 
Although Gareth interrupted her, it was because he was concerned for her. 
She helped the Lynch family with the goal of bringing down Norman. 
Therefore, she needed them to be healthy and well so that they could go to court. 
He would be in a better state to go against Norman if his body and mind were at ease. 
But adopting Stacy… 
It wasn't what she had thought about before. 
"You don't have to worry about that. I told you before that you just need to focus on recovering while I take care of Stacy. If you're worried, I can give you some money and help you find a job once everything is over." 
She was confident that Mr. Lynch would get better. 
If he recovered, he wouldn't have to worry about being unable to take care of Stacy anymore. 
She also wouldn't have to adopt her or get involved in their family's affairs. 
"Ms. Benett, I know you have everything planned, but I'm still worried about Norman. He's ruthless, and he'll never let me go. He tried to take everything from me, including my wife. He even had her killed. He thought he could get away with it because I had nothing on him, but I had been recording our conversations all along. Even with your help this time, I'm still uneasy. Ms. Benett, I beg you to help me care for Stacy. Please." 
He started to bow down to her as he spoke. 
A loud thud echoed through the room when his head hit the floor. 
Elisa looked at him silently, her face growing more serious. 
Gareth was growing increasingly annoyed as the scene unfolded before him. 
What is he trying to accomplish? 
He is clearly trying to manipulate her with guilt. 
Elisa helped them out of the goodness of her heart, even though she did not have to. 
Although Elisa was using the Lynch family to bring down Norman, she was also genuinely interested in helping them start over and get justice for his wife. 
The Lynch family benefited greatly from Elisa's help. 
Elisa helped the Lynch family in many ways, including sending Stacy to school, finding them a place to live, and promising to help Mr. Lynch pay for his medical treatment. 
She also agreed to find him a decent job. 
Elisa had already gone above and beyond. But Mr. Lynch still wanted more from her. 
Elisa is kind-hearted, but she should not be taken advantage of. 
As he thought about this, he glared at Mr. Lynch with a cold expression. "If it weren't for Elisa, you would still live in that dilapidated house. You would still be struggling to make ends meet. You would never have been able to cure your illness, send your daughter to school, or get justice for your late wife. But Elisa helped you achieve all of that. You have no right to ask for more." 
Gareth's face became increasingly grim. His dark eyes fixed Mr. Lynch with a serious and unwavering gaze. 
This was the first time Gareth had spoken so much to a stranger. 
In reality, Gareth wanted Elisa to hear his words. He didn't want her to accept Mr. Lynch's ridiculous request without thinking it through. 
It was normal to want to help them, but she shouldn't let him take advantage of her. 
Elisa knew that Gareth's words were meant for her, and she understood why he said them. 
"My friend's words echo my own. If you face any trouble in the future, I can still help you. But don't be so pessimistic about the future. Don't worry; I won't let anything bad happen to you or Stacy," Elisa said calmly, hoping to assuage Mr. Lynch's concerns. 
She had been monitoring Norman's activities. If he did anything suspicious, she would be aware of it.
###chapter1573
Chapter 1573 Stunned to Hear Him Say This
Norman knew Elisa had already found the Lynch family, so he set his sights on luring them into his trap. 
Seeing Elisa's firm rejection, Mr. Lynch knew not to push his luck. He didn't want to upset her and risk losing her help. 
He was aware of her boundaries and knew that he had to tread carefully. 
Soon after, Elisa left with Gareth. 
"I need to return to the hotel to get my things," she said. "We're headed in different directions, so we'll have to part ways." 
Elisa pressed her lips into a thin line, her eyes reflecting a determined glint. 
Gareth's eyebrows rose in surprise. "How is that in a different direction? Aren't we both staying at the hotel?" 
Elisa pursed her lips into a pout. "I'm heading back to get my things. Why are you going there? I'll just go straight home after I get my things," she responded, baffled by his comment. 
"I don't think that will be feasible," Gareth quickly interjected. 
Elisa's eyebrows knotted with annoyance. 
"Why?" she asked ruefully. 
"Grandma asked us to return home. Did you forget why we came here?" 
He spoke slowly, enunciating his words clearly. Elisa kept silent as thoughts flooded her mind. 
Her uncle Winslow and Rachel's words echoed in her ears. 
You're already divorced. Why do you keep meddling with each other's personal affairs? 
She took a deep breath and spoke, "Can't you just take the medicine back? I'll let you know how to use it. I have other things to attend to, so I won't return to Wickam Manor today. And I won't be staying over there from now on." 
'Cough.' 
She drew a clear line between them, but Gareth's cough interrupted her. 
Gareth's grimaced, and his eyes were dull and lifeless. "I'm already in such a terrible state," he said, his voice hoarse. "And I'm afraid for Grandma's situation as well. Unless... you have a date tonight?" 
"Yes, I'm meeting with Will." 
Elisa answered him without hesitation, even though she hadn't planned on going out with Will. 
She didn't bother to correct Gareth's assumption. After all, he was the one who had prompted her. 
And she knew that mentioning Will would get him to stop pestering her.
Sure enough, Gareth's eyes turned cold at the mention of Will's name. 
"Elisa, you don't have to do this." He lowered his voice even further as if to emphasize the gravity of his words. 
"Am I lying to you about my appointment with Will?" Elisa was baffled by his accusation. "Do you want me to call him to prove it to you right now? Or would you like to tag along? 
Gareth's features tightened when he heard her response. He clenched his jaw and narrowed his eyes but said nothing. 
He had no intention of doing so. 
Elisa's smile faltered when she saw fury control his features, his face all hardened around the edges. 
"Why are you staring at me like that? Do I need to be glared at for telling the truth?" she asked calmly, her voice laced with steel. 
"I'm leaving now. If you don't feel well, take your medicine. If the medicine isn't helping, call me." 
"Don't you want to use the free driver?" Gareth called after her. "Why spend the money on a taxi?" 
Her gaze fell on Gareth immediately. 
Their eyes met each other's, and his cold direct gaze bored into hers. 
Gareth lowered his ego and called himself a free driver. Anyone else would be stunned to hear him say
this. 
Nevertheless, Elisa rejected him. 
She didn't want his help. 
Elisa turned away without saying anything. 
###chapter1574
Chapter 1574 It Was His Fault
Gareth didn't chase after her. 
But they both arrived at the hotel one after the other. 
They didn't say a word to each other even when their eyes flicked past each other. 
When they opened the door to the room, their eyes nearly bulged from their sockets as they blinked in shock over the unexpected presence. 
Julia was sitting on the sofa in the living room. 
Their blood would have run cold if it weren't for the daylight. 
Gareth was the first to break the silence. 
"Grandma, what are you doing here?" 
When she saw them enter the room, Julia rose to her feet, using her walking stick for support. 
Her eyes narrowed in disapproval. 
Her eyes softened into two crescent moons as she saw their approaching figures. "I was getting bored in the hospital, so I came to see you two. Have you guys sorted everything out?" 
Gareth could tell why his grandmother had come. The reason was clear as day. 
Elisa held her tongue, eager to hear what Julia had to say. 
Julia's eyes were locked on Elisa, waiting for her response. 
Elisa had no choice but to answer Julia's question. 
"Yes, we've wrapped things up. I'm here to gather my belongings." 
Julia's eyes widened with excitement when she heard Elisa's answer. "That's wonderful! Let's go, then. I don't like staying in the hospital for too long. Elisa, you're the only one Grandma trusts. Why don't you be my personal physician?" 
Julia slowly walked over to Elisa and took her hands. 
Gareth spoke over Elisa before she could get a word in. 
"Grandma, Elisa is very busy right now. She doesn't have time to be your personal physician. If you don't like staying in the hospital, I can have Thomas find another doctor to help you recover at home." 
Julia shot Gareth a sharp glance. 
A disapproving scowl deepened the wrinkles on her forehead. 
But she managed to keep her cool in front of Elisa. 
Julia sighed deeply before continuing, "You've never gotten me a good doctor before. Do you think this
one will be any different? I think Elisa and I would be a good match. You can always come by for a simple prescription if you're too busy." 
Julia's eyes were pleading as she looked at Elisa. She really wanted Elisa to agree to be her personal physician. 
Elisa held her breath for a second longer and let it out quietly, deliberating her response. She could see how much it meant to Julia for her to be her personal physician. 
"Grandma, I can help you with your health, but I hope you won't try to get us back together anymore. We've been divorced for a long time. If we were meant to be together, we would have gotten back together by now, or we would have never gotten a divorce in the first place," Elisa imparted. 
The information was hard for Julia to swallow, but it was the truth. 
If Elisa didn't explain it clearly, Julia would have held onto false hope. In the end, wouldn't that just make her more disappointed? 
Julia's grip on Elisa's hand tightened. "I understand what you mean. I won't force you to get back together with that b*stard anymore. I only want you to be happy. After all, it was his fault you endured so much pain." 
Her words didn't fully express her true feelings. 
But her thoughts were consumed with one goal—getting Elisa to stay by her side. 
"I'm fine as long as you're not forcing me to be with Gareth. Don't worry, Grandma. I'll take good care of
you and make sure you get better." 
Elisa gave Julia her word that she would take good care of her. 
###chapter1575
Chapter 1575 Are You Planning to Get Back Together With Gareth?
Julia nodded incessantly. 
Elisa handed Gareth the medicine she had gotten from the pharmacy. "These are your medications, and these are your grandmother's. I've labeled the required intake of each medication on the bottle. Please make sure your maids know how much to give you, or you can ask Thomas to keep an eye on it." 
Thomas was someone they could both rely on. 
"Okay," Gareth gave a single nod of his head. 
However, as Elisa was about to leave, Gareth called out to her. "It's hard to get a taxi right now. You can take my car, and I'll ask Thomas to pick me up later." 
Elisa's eyebrows knitted together as she rejected his offer, "It's fine. I'll get a taxi and use my own car later." 
She then waved goodbye to Julia. "Grandma, I'll be going home now!" 
"Alright." 
Julia's lips curved into a warm smile as she watched Elisa leave the room. 
As soon as the door closed, Julia's frustrations that had been building up over the last few minutes erupted. She lightly knocked on Gareth's back with her walking stick. 
She had knocked him lightly, but her fury was already overflowing. 
Julia's face was red with anger as she scolded Gareth. "You silly boy! You're going to drive me mad! This is your best chance to get Elisa back, and you're still acting like this? Don't let her slip away again, Gareth. You're old enough to know what to do, right? You're the successor of the Wickam Group. Do I need to teach you like you're a three-year-old?" 
She raised her voice, her words ringing through the air as her irritation crackled. 
Elisa must feel this way because Gareth isn't putting in enough effort to win her heart back. 
Gareth's jaw clenched as he muttered under his breath, "I know." 
"What do you know, silly?" 
Her anger spiraled like wildfire, burning out of control as she berated Gareth. 
Gareth stood there, silent and unmoving, as Julia chided him. 
But Julia wouldn't let Gareth's silence stop her from expressing her frustrations. 
She narrowed her gaze at him, piercing into Gareth's soul as she lashed out. 
In the end, she gave him an ultimatum. 
"Gareth, I'll only give you two weeks! If you can't get back together with Elisa within two weeks, I'll kick you out of the Wickam family!" 
Julia shot a final glare at Gareth before slowly walking away with her walking stick. 
Gareth followed after her, concerned for her well-being. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had gotten a taxi for herself. 
She had intentionally mentioned Will's name to Gareth, but she had no intention of meeting him. 
Her phone buzzed, and Will's name appeared on her phone screen. 
She hesitated for a moment, uncertain if she should answer it. 
"Why did you call?" she finally answered, her voice indifferent and cold. 
Will's voice was soft, but there was a trace of disappointment in his words. "Why didn't you tell me you were back?" 
If not for the news that had circulated on the real-time search about her and Gareth, he wouldn't have known she had returned from Moranta. 
"I was busy as soon as I got back," she replied matter of factly. 
Will wasn't the only one who didn't know she was back. No one else knew except for Julia. 
Will's heart felt heavy when he heard her answer. 
Her words told him everything he needed to know 
What was she so busy with? 
She was spotted leaving the Wickam Manor with Gareth and then again at the pharmacy. 
Everything that kept her busy revolved around the Wickam family, especially Gareth. 
He tried to compose himself despite the strong current beating around his chest. 
"Elisa, is it true? Are you planning to get back together with Gareth?" he asked. 
Will's breath felt like it was being squeezed out of him as he asked her this question. 
###chapter1576
Chapter 1576 Benett Corporation Would Lose Its Credibility
If she wanted to be with Gareth, he would have to give up his hopes of being with her. 
He had wanted to pursue Elisa, but now… 
He could only respect her decision and wish her well. 
Elisa's eyebrows furrowed when she heard what he said. 
"Why are you asking me this? Is it because of the news reports?" 
"Yes," he said simply. 
Will was direct with her. 
"I have no intention of getting back together with Gareth," she replied firmly, leaving no room for doubt. 
Will felt a wave of relief wash over him as soon as she answered. 
"Would you be interested in the project in the western suburbs?" he asked. 
Will had known Elisa for years and knew Elisa like the back of his hand. 
If she told him she had no plans to get back together with Gareth, it meant they were not together. 
As long as Gareth was not in the picture, he still had a chance to pursue her romantically. 
After all, he would have more chances to meet up with her if she was willing to take up the project. 
His mention of the project piqued her interest. "What project is happening there?" 
Will could tell she was interested from how her voice perked up. 
"The western suburbs is where ZF Corporation is focusing their development efforts, and the Darcey Group owns the land. I believe that if you were to take over the project, you would gain the trust of the people at Benett Corporation." 
Even though she had demoted Norman to a regular employee, he still had a lot of tricks up his sleeve. He had many trusted followers in the corporation. 
She needed to establish her power and influence in the corporation. The corporation was also in need of a change in employees. 
If this was ZF Corporation's flagship project, why would she give up this opportunity? 
She nodded in agreement and considered it seriously, "Sure. We can talk about this later tonight." 
Will's lips curled up into a smile when she agreed to the project. "Alright, I'll send you our meeting location soon." 
"Okay." Elisa had no ion. 
She made her way to Benett Corporation. 
The new receptionist must not have known who she was, as she had not returned to the office in a long time. 
The receptionist stopped her in her tracks. "Excuse me, ma'am. Do you have an appointment?" 
Elisa's eyes grew cold with indignation as she was offended by how she was treated. 
She had already taken over Benett Corporation, and although she had followed Gareth to Moranta, she still had the backing of other shareholders, excluding those who were Norman's followers. 
Even her late father's loyalists were on her side. 
But she was denied entry, even though she was the organization's CEO. 
Was the receptionist intentionally rude, or did she simply not recognize her? 
Elisa's eyes narrowed as she reprimanded, "Who hired you?" 
"How can you be so oblivious? This is the CEO! How could you stop our big boss from entering? Pack up your things and leave right away!" 
A loud voice echoed through the hall. 
Elisa immediately fell silent—it was Norman's voice. 
She didn't turn around, but the footsteps drew nearer and stopped beside her. 
Finally, she caught a glimpse of him from the corner of her eye. 
Norman was wearing a white shirt, trousers, and black leather shoes. 
He had an employee badge around his neck, and his gray coat was draped over his arms. 
Although she had been in Moranta, she was up-to-date on the ongoings of Benett Corporation. 
Norman still carried himself like the CEO, and even the people believed he would reclaim his position. 
"I haven't been to the office in a while, so it's not surprising that the new employees didn't know who I was," Elisa said calmly. 
"That's not right. Didn't you tell me that Benett Corporation has strict rules? Benett Corporation would lose its credibility if this happened in front of someone else." 
Norman spoke slowly and firmly, but his voice was filled with exasperation.
###chapter1577
Chapter 1577 The Pressure of Her Stare
A corner of Elisa's mouth lifted in a smirk. 
"So?" 
Elisa had to give Norman kudos for being confident that he would reclaim his position, even though he had been demoted to a regular employee. 
Does Norman have any idea what he's doing? 
He's being delusional! 
"What's the point of working here if you don't even know who's in charge?" Norman said frostily. 
"What about you? Do you know who I am? Am I the CEO, or are you the CEO?" she spat, her voice booming through their surroundings. 
Elisa's eyes narrowed as she glowered at Norman. 
Norman wanted to mock Elisa based on what happened with the receptionist, but instead, Elisa yelled at him for his brazen attitude. 
He asked Elisa to demote him to a regular employee at Benett Corporation, believing that it was his only chance to regain his status. 
Norman knew exactly what Elisa was implying with her words. 
However, he couldn't go against her as he was still her subordinate. 
"Ms. Benett, I believe anyone who disrespects you should be fired," Norman responded politely. 
Elisa was surprised by how Norman was willing to back down and speak to her politely. 
Norman would have yelled at her for accusing him in the past. 
But now… 
What a joke! 
"Why is a mere employee trying to tell me what to do?" Elisa instigated, her voice layered with condescension. 
Norman's eyes widened in shock, his lips trembling in fury. 
Has she gone crazy? How dare she mock him in front of the other employees? 
Elisa grinned, her eyes crinkled in satisfaction. She was well aware of the thoughts that were swirling through his head. 
The more Norman showed her deference, the more Elisa wanted to push his buttons. 
She wanted to see Norman completely unhinged. 
But Norman knew what she was trying to do. After all, he had been the head of Benett Corporation for
many years. How could he be so dense as to not understand her hidden agenda? 
Norman immediately rejected her allegations, his lips spreading into a smile. "How dare I presume to speak for Ms. Benett? I simply wanted to help you speak out against those who treat you with disrespect." 
"Ms. Benett, this is a good opportunity for you to set a precedent. Otherwise, the staff will think they can get away with anything." 
He spoke with such conviction. 
However, Elisa wasn't going to let him get away with his tricks. Her smile twisted with exasperation as she continued to provoke him, "Are you trying to tell me what to do?" 
Norman took a step back from her. "Of course not. How could I overstep my bounds? I'm just an employee here." 
He tried to act deferential, even though he wanted to put her in a bind. 
If she continued to rebuke him, the other employees observing the scene would think she was too critical. 
However… 
Elisa chuckled softly, "If that's not the case, then I believe you should not be interfering in how I handle this matter. Didn't I mention before that you should not allow your personal life to affect your work at Benett Corporation? After all..." 
Elisa spoke slowly and deliberately as if trying to make sure that Norman didn't miss a single word. 
She wanted to see Norman lose his cool, to see what he would do when he was no longer in control of his emotions. 
However, Norman didn't take the bait. 
He knew precisely what Elisa was hoping for, and he wouldn't give her the satisfaction of seeing her succeed. 
Knowing this, he was resolved not to let her get the better of him. 
"... you're a mere employee. Since when have working hours been this flexible?" 
Elisa's gaze fell on Norman, and the air crackled with tension. 
Norman felt the pressure of her stare like a physical weight on his shoulders. 
But he knew he had to keep his composure. 
Norman forced a smirk onto his face, trying to look nonchalant. "Of course not," he said through gritted teeth. "I had to attend an appointment elsewhere."
###chapter1578
Chapter 1578 I Also Hold the Most Shares in This Company!
Elisa squinted her eyes; her lips pinched into a tight line. 
Elisa chose not to follow Norman's suggestion to fire the employee who could not recognize her. 
She gave the employee a second chance. "It's okay that you didn't recognize me," she said narrowing her gaze at her, "but you should be aware of the company policy. As the receptionist, you must treat every guest with great respect and politeness." 
"Yes, Ms. Benett. I'll be more mindful next time. Thank you for giving me this chance." 
The receptionist felt a wave of relief wash over her. She was grateful to Elisa for not firing her. 
"If you're still unfamiliar with the receptionist role, you could search for resources online." 
Elisa then turned to face Norman. 
Her tone of voice became more distant than before. 
She adopted a coarse and grating voice as she said snarkily to Norman, "A mere employee like you should know better than to be late," she said, her face twisted with disdain. "Don't tell me you have business meetings to attend." 
Norman was unfazed by her sneering comment. He had been in this industry for years and wasn't about to back down to Elisa. 
"Exactly," he responded with a lilt. "As a mere employee, I must do whatever the higher-ups tell me.
After all, things aren't the same as they used to be. Ms. Bennett, I'm sure you're well aware of my situation." 
Beneath his polite mask of a smile, his words dripped with a venomous threat. He was trying to intimidate Elisa, but she wasn't fooled. 
Elisa could see right through Norman's fa?ade. 
Norman's plots didn't bother Elisa. 
Elisa knew what he was up to, and she was prepared to handle whatever sneaky plans Norman had up his sleeves. 
She returned his smile, displaying a thin veneer of civility. Her eyes were cold and hard as she regarded him critically. "You're right," she said. "I hope you remember who you're working for." She enunciated her last few words with emphasis, warning him not to overstep his boundaries. 
Elisa turned and walked away, leaving Norman to stew in his own anger. 
The moment Elisa left, Norman's smile faltered. 
His dark eyes burned with hatred and resentment. 
Upon returning to the Benett Corporation, Elisa wasted no time calling a meeting for the shareholders and the executives. 
She wanted to unveil her latest plans for the future of Benett Corporation. 
One of her proposals was to implement a partition system that would clearly define the roles and responsibilities of the shareholders and the executives. 
Also… 
Additionally, there would be a monthly evaluation for the management team. Anyone who failed the evaluation would be terminated. 
Elisa would also be personally reviewing every quarterly report. 
Evaluations and quarterly reports were a thorn in the side of the management team. 
Her new policies would be a direct threat to their privileges. 
Therefore, they were discontent with the changes that had been put in place. 
"Your uncle never demanded this of us! You're just a child! What right do you have to order us around?" 
"I agree. Aren't you trying to destroy Benett Corporation with these new policies? Why don't you just sell off the company now, so everyone here can be compensated fairly and find work elsewhere?" 
"A new broom sweeps clean, but aren't you being a bit too radical?" 
… 
Elisa's new policies were met with a great deal of resistance. 
Given how boldly she had proposed these ideas, Elisa had anticipated such reactions from the shareholders. 
She placed one hand under her chin and the other on the table, softly tapping on it. 
She patiently waited for everyone to express their opinions and only responded when everyone had finished speaking. 
The corner of her lips curled up into a formidable smile. 
"If Norman was doing a good job, do you really think he would have been demoted to an ordinary employee? And what do you mean I don't have the right to propose this? Do I need to remind you that I'm the CEO and the only successor to this corporation? I also hold the most shares in this company." 
###chapter1579
Chapter 1579 A Chance to Start Over
"Do you think you can take me down just because I'm young? I won't be too blunt about why you're not accepting my new policies. But if you're unwilling to follow my orders, you can sell your shares!" 
As soon as she said that, she took her hands off the table and shifted her position. 
She leaned back in her chair. 
A look of contempt painted her features, despite her relaxed appearance. 
The shareholders who disagreed with her simply wanted to pressure her into dropping the new policies, but who would have thought that Elisa would act so arrogantly? 
Sell off the shares? 
Benett Corporation had the potential to grow even larger and more successful. Only a fool would sell their shares at this critical juncture. 
There was no way they would be so foolish. 
"This meeting cannot be considered a shareholder's meeting. Many of the key shareholders are not present today. The policies cannot be approved without the presence of all shareholders." 
One of the shareholders spoke up. 
Elisa looked around the room and noticed that a few of the most important shareholders were absent. Norman's most ardent supporter was not there. 
Furthermore, her father's most loyal shareholders were also not present. 
But this was not a concern. 
"So, according to you, I have to wait for them to be here even when we're facing a pressing issue?" 
"You're a good-for-nothing if you can't even show a little flexibility or adaptability in solving the problems." 
Her hands trembled with repressed fury, her fingers curled into a tight fists. Her words were straightforward and unyielding. 
She needed to give them a stern warning. 
As she was being confronted by the person who spoke out, she had to make sure that they were aware of who was in authority. 
"You…" 
The shareholder's face immediately turned grim. 
His eyes narrowed, and his lips curled into a snarl. 
How could he maintain his composure when Elisa publicly humiliated him before the other shareholders and executives? She even called him a good-for-nothing! 
He had never felt so insulted in his life. 
How could she treat him this way? He would not let her walk all over him! 
"Elisa, I have been a part of Benett Corporation for many years, and your father has always been respectful to me. But you, you dare to challenge me? You must be insane! Benett Corporation will fail under your leadership." 
The shareholder's wrath exploded as he shouted at Elisa. 
His fist hammered against the table, sending a thunderous reverberation through the room. His gaze burned intensely as he narrowed his eyes on her. 
Elisa chuckled softly, her eyes betraying no hint of nervousness. "I proposed these two policies to save Benett Corporation from going under. You have been with the company for many years, so I know you want what's best for it. After all, you make more money when the company does well, right?" 
"No one wants to see the company fail. Do you think letting a good-for-nothing into the company would help it grow even stronger?" 
"Uncle Grayson, I wasn't talking about you specifically. I was speaking to everyone here. I am the CEO and will have the final say on the company's progress." 
The corners of her lips lifted in a slight grin. 
However, the man Elisa referred to as 'Uncle Grayson' was not convinced by her explanation. 
Regardless, Elisa had already made her stance known. 
She did not want to cause a scene in the meeting room, so she stood up and left. Before leaving, she proclaimed loudly, "I've said everything I have to say. You are all my senior colleagues who have been through a lot with this company. I believe that you want the company to achieve new heights in the future. Please think carefully about whether these policies would be beneficial to the company. After all, I am giving some of you a chance to start over." 
###chapter1580
Chapter 1580 Private Phone
Elisa strode out of the office. 
As she had said in her closing remarks, she wanted to give some of the executives a chance to change their ways. 
If they were willing to change their ways and adhere to the new policies, they would still be allowed to remain within the company. 
If they were unwilling to comply with the new policies, she would do whatever it took to eliminate them from the company. 
Elisa had a clear ive in mind when she proposed these new policies. 
However, Uncle Grayson was not willing to surrender. 
After the meeting, he went to find Norman. "When will you begin your operations? Please let me know if you need any assistance." 
Norman's gaze was sharp as he fixed it on Paul. 
Paul was a highly ambitious man, and although he had never openly opposed Norman, he had always had his own ideas that did not always align with Norman's. 
But as of now… 
After the most recent shareholder meeting, Paul decided to throw his support behind Norman. 
After all, the enemy of my enemy is my friend. 
Norman grinned knowingly as he poured Paul a cup of tea. "Paul, you need to be patient. She's a new broom, and she's only just begun." 
Elisa's first move was to demote Norman to a regular employee. 
And she was now making her second move… 
She had done things that he had never dared to do in the past. 
This little brat is really not holding back! 
But many of their previous privileges were at risk. They would not be able to relinquish their advantages based on a few words from Elisa. 
He was very confident that she could not implement the new policies. 
Also… 
Paul was feeling impatient. "So, you're saying we should just sit back and wait? No way. If she continues to act this way, how will we ever get what we deserve?" 
"That's not what I meant. You're not the only one in danger of losing your benefits. With so many people in the same position as you, it will be difficult for her to succeed unless she wants the Benett Corporation to lose all its shareholders. Do you think she has enough money to compensate for the
withdrawal of shares?" 
Norman smirked as he dismissed Elisa's attempt to challenge the shareholders. 
He didn't think much of Elisa's abilities. 
Moreover, Elisa had already divorced Gareth. Gareth wouldn't put his heart and soul into helping her when they no longer had any ties to each other. 
Paul started to mull over what Norman had said. 
"So, you want me to stir up the other shareholders?" 
Paul pressed his lips together as he tried to decipher Norman's words. 
With a raspy voice, Norman chuckled and said menacingly, "You can't take her down on your own. It takes more than one person to bring someone down, don't you think?" 
Paul didn't say a word. He silently agreed with Norman. 
He also knew Norman planned to sit back and watch the chaos unfold. 
After a short pause, he proposed, "I know what you're thinking, but I came here to suggest that we work together." 
A wicked grin plastered on Norman's face. "Of course. Let the others deal with Elisa and wait for the perfect opportunity to strike." 
While the shareholders are pestering Elisa about this matter, Norman will have the opportunity to target the Lynch family. 
During this critical time, Elisa will not be able to care for the Lynch family. 
When he saw Norman's vicious smile contorting his features, Paul kept silent and didn't utter a single word afterward. 
After all, he only needed to back Norman's plans. 
Paul didn't stay for long. He left as soon as their conversation was over. 
Norman received a call after he left. 
It was the first time he had received an unknown number on his phone. 
Norman felt a surge of uneasiness course through him. 
When he answered the call, he heard Linda's voice. 
###chapter1581
Chapter 1581 She Had an Appointment With Will
"Dad." 
Norman's eyebrows drew together. "Why did you change your phone number?" 
Linda pressed her lips into a thin line. "Elisa is keeping a close eye on me. I can't let her know that I'm still alive. Now that she's back, we need to get things moving. We can't let her have her way." 
It would be difficult for them to implement their following plans with Elisa around. 
Norman's face was grave, his eyes fixed and cold. "I'm aware of that. You don't have to tell me what to do. I thought the person you found to track her in Moranta was reliable. How is she alive?" 
Norman had assumed that Elisa would die in Moranta, but she had somehow returned alive. 
Linda was also perplexed by the unbelievable situation. 
She never imagined that Elisa would get close to the boss of KKCD Casino. 
Linda's face turned crimson with rage. "Elisa has a large network of close connections. Someone protected her in Moranta, and Gareth and Will are protecting her in Zovain. But I believe we still can get rid of her." 
"Alright." 
Norman responded indifferently, but his eyes blazed with anger. 
On the other end of the call, Linda's eyes were like two burning coals, filled with fury. 
She had to get rid of Elisa in Zovain this time. She would not fail again. 
Elisa was reading the latest quarterly report in the CEO's office at Benett Corporation. 
The accounts looked perfect, but something felt off. 
The more perfect the accounts looked, the more Elisa suspected that something was amiss. 
From how the shareholder's meeting turned out, Elisa knew she would soon face some major problems. 
She also knew what Norman was plotting. 
But she was unruffled and unfazed. 
As she pondered how to deal with Norman, she heard a 'ding' from her phone. 
It was the sound of her phone alerting her to a new message. 
Will had sent her a location to meet him. 
She didn't reply to his text, but he called her to follow up. 
"I sent you the location. I'll follow your schedule. When do you want to eat? Do you need me to pick you up?" 
Will's voice was soft and gentle when he spoke to her. 
Elisa looked calm as she answered, "You don't need to pick me up. I'll head over myself." 
If another scandal about them appeared on the Internet's most popular searches, wouldn't that be… 
Elisa felt a chill run down her spine from the mere thought of it. 
However, when she exited the Benett Corporation… 
She saw Graeth's luxurious car parked in front of her. 
Right then, the windows were lowered and Thomas appeared before her. 
Thomas greeted Elisa with a smile. "Ms. Benett, Grandma Wickam asked me to bring you to her. She said she has something important to discuss with you." 
Elisa's eyes darted in confusion. How could so many problems have required her attention? 
Elisa let out a silent sigh; she knew what Grandma Wickam was up to. 
Thomas started to feel uneasy when Elisa didn't respond. 
He wasn't sure if this method would work, but he had to try. 
Since Elisa returned from Moranta, Julia had used the same excuse to get her to come over. 
She had seen through Grandma's plan. 
After all, Elisa was too perceptive to be taken in by Grandma's lies. 
Soon after, Elisa replied, "I'm not going over. I'll call Grandma later." 
She then got into the Benett Corporation's personal car. 
Gareth had seen the exchange between Elisa and Thomas from the back seat. 
As Thomas turned to Gareth, he cleared his throat a few times before speaking, "Mr. Wickam, where should we..." 
"Follow behind." 
Gareth said in a cold and distant voice, cutting Thomas off before he could finish. 
He remembered that Elisa had told him she had an appointment with Will. 
###chapter1582
Chapter 1582 The Center of Attention
He was curious about what kind of meeting they were having and wanted to take a look. 
… 
Meanwhile, Nicole and Aaron had just touched down on Tabor Residence's expansive open land in their private jet. 
Nicole's anger began to simmer as she didn't see anyone around to greet her. 
In the past, the maids and butlers would always be there to greet her respectfully whenever she entered the residence. 
The silence in the air was a deafening reminder that Nicole was no longer valued. 
Nicole entered the main residence, but her parents were nowhere in sight. 
When her eyes caught sight of the maid there, she blurted out, "Where are my parents?" 
The maid's mouth gaped open when she realized Nicole was there. She couldn't help but feel a sense of unease in the pit of her stomach. 
But she had to treat her with respect, for Nicole was the Tabor family's precious daughter. "Ms. Tabor," the maid responded meekly, "ever since the news about you spread online, Mr. Tabor got extremely furious and fainted. Mrs. Tabor is in the hospital taking care of him." 
Nicole's face turned ashen pale. She had assumed that her father would be out of the hospital by now, as it had been long since the incident. 
She had to go to the hospital, no matter what. 
"Get the car ready. I'm going to the hospital," she quickly ordered. 
The maid was afraid of angering her, so she followed her orders without hesitation. 
However, Nicole was surprised to see Aaron following her. 
She crossed her arms, her eyes narrowing at Aaron as she questioned him directly, "Why are you following me?" 
Aaron was unfazed by her outburst. "I'm following you as your fiancé. I can't let you go to the hospital alone, or I won't be able to stay here for long." 
Nicole hadn't planned for Aaron to stay at Tabor Residence. How could he be so laid-back about it? 
But Nicole didn't want Aaron to come with her. 
If she went to the hospital, she knew that her father would give her a piece of his mind without fail. 
Wouldn't she be humiliated and made a laughingstock by Aaron? 
Nicole immediately refused, "Stay here. I'll have the maid to… I'll have the driver send you to the hotel." 
At first, Nicole considered asking the maid to tidy up a room for him. 
But she changed her mind after thinking it over. 
And Aaron was not pleased with this plan. 
"Nicole, I am now your fiancé," he stated clearly. 
He pressed his lips into a tight line, his face solemn as he bored his eyes at her. 
He was clearly indicating that he would not agree to Nicole's arrangement. 
Nicole was conscious of the fact that Aaron had come with her as her fiancé, but she was afraid that he would see her being scolded in front of her father. 
She responded to him with indifference. "So?" 
They were only playing the part of a couple, so they didn't need to get too caught up in the act. 
Aaron's frown deepened as he said, "What would people say if they found out your fiancé was staying at a hotel? Do you think that people would just shrug it off? Who will clean up the mess when they start making up lies and spreading them all over the Internet?" 
Nicole's mouth snapped shut as she had to acknowledge that he was correct. 
Aaron had a sound argument. After all, she was the center of attention at the moment. 
Aaron could read her like a book. 
"You don't have to worry that I'll make fun of you. I'm here to help you. You're already being ridiculed by the public, so what more could I do to make things worse?" 
Nicole remained silent. 
She knew he was right, but she didn't want to admit it. 
Without warning, Aaron took Nicole's hands in his. 
###chapter1583
Chapter 1583 Aaron Outside the Door!
As their palms touched, warmth spread through Nicole's hand, causing her to instinctively pull her hand away from Aaron as if it were a hot potato. 
"Let's go, Nicole. You'd have to meet my parents one day anyways. And the same goes for me," Aaron assured her gently. 
Nicole kept silent as she found Aaron's words particularly strange. 
She stared at the man beside her for a while, then finally clarified her thoughts. "Aaron, don't you remember we are just playing characters here? Our relationship isn't real. So, please don't get too caught up in it, alright?" 
"Alright," Aaron muttered under his breath, keeping silent the rest of the way. 
Soon, they arrived at the entrance of the hospital. 
On the VIP floor of the hospital, Nicole gave her family's name at the counter and quickly got the room number of her father's. 
"Stay here and wait for my instructions. And don't take matters into your own hands," Nicole instructed firmly. She walked straight into the ward without paying much attention to his feelings. 
Inside the room, her mother was peeling an apple for her father. 
Her father, Bernard, was the first to notice her. His face immediately turned sour when he took note of her figure as she entered the room. "Have the promise you made to us slipped your mind? Elisa and
Gareth are flourishing in the country now, and you have the nerve to return? If I were you, I would have already taken my own life for being such a disappointment to the Tabor family!" 
Sharon froze upon hearing Bernard's furious scolding. 
She twisted her body around to inspect the person at the other end of Bernard's chidings. The corners of her mouth drew downward as she regarded Nicole critically. 
After all, Nicole's scandal had caused a sensation throughout the city, making them the laughing stock among the elites. Even in the hospital, the nurses would gossip about them during their tea breaks. 
Her mere presence was a disgrace to them. 
Nicole was well aware of her guilt. 
Kneeling before her parents, she pleaded, "Dad, Mom, I'm sorry. It's all my fault that you have to suffer such humiliation. But I promise I will seek revenge for the Tabor family. I won't let us be humiliated in vain!" 
Nicole clenched her fist, displaying an unwavering determination. Unable to control her tears, they welled in her eyes as she bore the sorrow in her heart. 
Standing outside of the room, Aaron was stunned to see the once prideful Ms. Tabor kneel and admit to her mistake. 
Bernard chuckled coldly, not believing Nicole's words. "What are you going to do? Do you really think that you're a match for Elisa and Gareth? If you were, you wouldn't have gotten into this situation." 
"Don't you read the news? Elisa and Gareth are getting remarried. We have lost our status, all thanks to Bernard. And now you've become the butt of a joke. You really think people would still want you?" 
Bernard, who had utterly lost faith in Nicole, turned away in immense disappointment, not even willing to address her with his gaze. 
Sharon was clearly disappointed in her daughter too. 
Nicole struggled to accept the reality that was happening before her. 
She used to be the pride of her parents. But now, she had become a filthy rat everyone wanted to chase away; even her own parents despised her. 
And all of this was because of Gareth, Elisa, and that man outside the door—Aaron! 
###chapter1584
Chapter 1584 It all Depends on Your Action
Nicole firmly pinched the tender flesh of her palm, her face filled with determination. "No, Dad. Someone wants me—the eldest son of the Fawlers, Aaron Fawler. He shares the same goal as us and is outside the door right now. I swear I won't let Gareth and Elisa get away with it this time!" 
Nicole uttered ruthlessly as she hissed the two names that she loathed. 
Bernard narrowed his eyes and said skeptically, "Nicole, your reputation is tarnished. How could the Fawlers possibly want you?" 
Bernard couldn't believe it. The more powerful and influential a family was, the less likely they would want to be tied down to someone with a tarnished reputation. Social status and reputation were what these elite families valued the most. 
No, in fact, any family would value a clean reputation. 
"Dad, he came back with me this time, and he's right outside the door." Nicole knew her father wouldn't believe her, so she stood up and turned to the door, calling, "Aaron, come in." 
He swiftly entered the room after hearing Nicole calling for him, as he had been observing everything closely from outside. 
Aaron was over six feet tall and had an elegant figure. He was dressed in a pristine white shirt and well-tailored black trousers that fitted perfectly to his stature. 
Judging from his appearance, he and Nicole made a good match. 
Aaron walked towards them and nodded at Bernard. "Hi, Mr. Tabor. My name is Aaron. I love Nicole and would like to marry her. I'm also willing to get your family out of this situation." 
He greeted them firmly and confidently. 
Sharon studied him carefully, sizing him up while she deliberated over his offer. 
The Tabors had always fantasized about establishing a relationship with Gareth and the Wickam family. Now that someone of similar status was willing to marry Nicole and help the Tabor family out of its current situation, they felt nothing but delight. 
Not to mention, Aaron's presentable appearance made the offer more appealing. 
However, Bernard was still skeptical as he mulled over Aaron's sudden proposal. 
"Nicole has a tarnished reputation now. Would you still like her if she has feelings for another man? Will your family accept it?" Bernard vocalized his doubts, trying to discern Aaron's true intentions. 
Bernard had been in the business world for many years. Reading people was one of the skills that he had expertise in after all the hurdles he had been through. 
He could tell that Aaron was not an ordinary man from his actions. 
That kind of aura couldn't be faked. 
Naturally, he doubted Aaron's intentions as there was no reason for such a decent man to take in his infamous daughter. 
"I appeared only after she started to have feelings for Gareth. That's just how the world works. It's impossible to expect everyone to like me. I am happy to help her with all my power because she is all that matters to me. And I truly believe, with time and companionship, she will feel the same way about me, sooner or later." 
Aaron trailed his gaze over Nicole's figure as he spoke. 
The tenderness and affection in his gaze could not be faked. 
Bernard and Sharon, who had plenty of experience in life, could sense that his feelings towards Nicole were sincere. 
If Aaron had kept his promise, everything would be back in place as it should be. Nicole could find a good home, and the Tabor family could turn things around for once. 
Still doubtful about the seemingly altruistic proposition, Bernard stated firmly, "Words are empty. It all depends on your actions." 
"Mr. Tabor, I understand your concerns. I will prove everything through my actions," Aaron's attitude was unyielding, and he held himself with a confident stance. 
After sending Aaron off, Bernard instructed his assistant to handle the discharge procedures.
###chapter1585
Chapter 1585 Sincere and Genuine
The Tabors returned home together. 
... 
At that exact moment, Elisa arrived at the location Will had sent her. Before she even got out of the car, she noticed Will standing at the entrance. 
Will was dressed in a well-fitted black suit, standing tall with a remarkable aura. 
Elisa exited the car and walked towards Will, perplexed by his presence there, "Why are you standing here?" 
"I was keeping an eye on the time and felt that you were about to arrive, so I came to wait for you at the entrance," Will replied with a gentle smile. 
Despite the warmth and tenderness that Will was exuding, Elisa seemed somewhat indifferent. "Let's go inside." 
"Alright." 
Will wasn't affected by her reaction. 
In the luxurious black car not far away, Thomas looked at Gareth through the rearview mirror. He pursed his lips and hesitated before asking, "Mr. Wickam, what do we do next?" 
Thomas was trying to decipher Gareth's intentions. 
Based on Gareth's character, he anticipated Gareth to brazenly walk into the restaurant and snatch Elisa away. 
Hearing the tone of scrutiny in Thomas' words, a sharp gaze shot out from Gareth's eyes and landed on his face. 
Startled by his piercing stare, Thomas took a sharp breath and quickly tried to remedy the situation, "Mr. Wickam, how about I bring Mrs. Wickam over to get Ms. Bennet out of the situation? Or, I could tell Ms. Bennett that Mrs. Wickam is in a critical condition right now and get her out of the restaurant?" 
He could only think of these limited options as an excuse. 
However, Gareth gave Thomas a side-eye and coldly rebuked, "Do you think she's a fool, or am I the fool?" 
Thomas hurriedly explained, "No, Mr. Wickam, I didn't mean that. I was thinking of finding an excuse to get Ms. Benett out." 
"Please think before you blurt out those foolish words from your mouth." Gareth's gaze swept over him like a dagger, causing Thomas to clamp his mouth tight immediately. 
Meanwhile, Will had already led Elisa to a window seat on the second floor. 
Elisa lowered her eyes downstairs and noticed the black car parked nearby. Although she was so familiar with everything about Gareth, she was surprised that he had followed her all the way there. 
Elisa thought she might as well make good use of this opportunity. 
"How do you plan to handle the Western Suburbs project?" Elisa retracted her gaze and then looked at Will, raising her eyes. 
Will smiled and replied, "It's up to you." 
Surprised by Will's words, she blurted, "Up to me? Are you sure?" 
The Western Suburbs project was a key development project for the government. Will's family would definitely be involved. So, there was no way that the project would be decided by her alone. 
Will nodded with a smile. "Elisa, if this project is helpful for whatever you plan to do, you can have it all." 
Even with Will's assurance, Elisa felt that things weren't that straightforward. Her recollection of Will's intentions when they first met reminded her of the reality of the situation. 
And even if he agreed, the other members of the Darcy family wouldn't agree. 
Elisa remained silent, her eyes squinting at no one in particular as she ruminated over her options. Standing beside her, Will quietly observed her facial expression and realized that she was skeptical of the offer his offer. 
That realization made him somewhat displeased. 
Although he had initially approached her with motives, everything afterward was sincere and genuine,
which he had already made clear to her. 
Elisa pursed her lips into a thin line. After a pause, she finally said, "You said it yourself—this is a key development project for the government, and all the land belongs to your family. They won't be happy if you give it all to me. Besides, you don't need to make such a big sacrifice for me." 
###chapter1586
Chapter 1586 That Project
Without beating around the bush, Elisa left no room for ambiguity. 
Meanwhile, Gareth, waiting downstairs, could only observe from a distance. 
A surge of jealousy flooded him when he saw the two locked within each other's gaze, seemingly happily basking in each other's presence. 
How could they have so much to talk about that they couldn't stop talking since they met? he thought while trying to suppress his frustration. 
Gareth's face grew darker as their lips moved, and Thomas noticed it. 
Feeling that it wasn't a good idea to have Gareth spying on them, he mustered up the courage and weakly suggested, "Mr. Wickam, how about this? I could say that someone in my family is ill and ask Ms. Benett to come and see them?" 
The only solution Thomas could think of was to trick Elisa into coming out. 
However, Gareth responded coldly and indifferently, "How is this excuse any different from your first suggestion, asking her to see my grandmother?" 
Thomas quickly clarified, "Of course, there's a difference. If it's Mrs. Wickam calling for her, we all, including you, must be back at the Wickam's. But if it's my grandmother... Mr. Wickam, you can show up later." 
It was clear that Thomas calculated a well-thought-out plan. 
Before Gareth could say anything, Thomas continued, "Mr. Wickam, I think we should give it a try, whether it works or not. What if Ms. Benett is willing to help? We can't just keep... we can't keep waiting here forever, can we?" 
As Gareth was going to talk, Thomas let out a long sigh. He almost slipped and said the word 'stalker.' Luckily, he managed to restrain himself from making an accidental blunter. Otherwise, it would have been a dead end for him. 
Gareth noticed it but didn't pursue the matter. He simply responded with a nod, indicating his agreement with Thomas' suggestion. 
Meanwhile, on Will's side, after a moment of silence, he picked up where Elisa left off. Smiling with a trace of mockery, he asked helplessly, "Elisa, is this how you think of me?" 
His lips pulled into a half-formed, heartless smile as he vocalized his thoughts. 
It turned out that all his efforts had been in vain. 
When it came down to it, Elisa had always only sided with Gareth. Whenever Gareth or anyone else from the Wickam family had any issue, they were always her top priority. 
Elisa couldn't stand Will's scorching gaze. 
She wasn't questioning Will as a person; she was just skeptical, which she thought was natural given her situation. Moreso, it was such a significant project that she couldn't just simply make a decision. 
Elisa shifted uncomfortably and slowly continued, "I'm not questioning your character, Will. But if you were in my position... What would you think if I offered to give you the project unconditionally?" 
Perhaps Will would be even more cautious and suspicious than her. 
A bitter bile built up in Will's stomach, but he quickly responded, "If we had no prior connection or relationship, then I would be suspicious of the project you offer. But Elisa, we've known each other for so long now. Do you still not trust me?" 
Will had revealed his innermost feelings to her more than once. But Elisa always kept a distance from him. 
Elisa was afraid that everything was just an act. 
She believed it was necessary to be cautious and to set boundaries between public and private matters. 
Elisa replied indifferently, "Will, we should discuss matters ively and keep our personal feelings out of it. Just tell me how we can collaborate on the western suburbs project." 
###chapter1587
Chapter 1587 Gareth's Secret Scheme
This was the pivotal moment. 
After much contemplation, Will chose to swallow his words in the end. 
He spoke softly, "Our collaboration, like last time—the latest jewelry and fashion show could be your chance to make a grand comeback upon returning home, don't you think?" 
There was a discernible sparkle in his eyes, and a broad smile formed on his lips. 
He had faith in Elisa. 
She would have forgotten about their collaboration if Will hadn't brought it up. 
To showcase their jewelry and fashion statements, they had to participate in the esteemed 'Sparkling Gems' competition, collaborating with Benett Group and Darcey Group to launch new products. 
She had multiple responsibilities, including attending to the family's needs, showing up at Julia's cousin's wedding, the launch of new products, and managing the Western Suburbs project. 
And not to mention—her own mum! 
Elisa's head throbbed as the weight of her responsibilities overwhelmed her. 
Right when Will was about to speak, Elisa's phone rang. 
Lynn's eyebrows furrowed slightly as she glanced at her phone. 
"I'm sorry, but I need to take this call," she said apologetically. 
It was Thomas. 
He chose to call Elisa instead of meeting her in person. 
Elisa pursed her lips and asked him coldly, "What is it?" 
In a somber tone, Thomas pleaded, "I know you helped Gareth for Madam Wickham's sake. Now, I desperately need your assistance. Can you lend me a hand? I don't know who else to turn to..." 
He was visibly distraught. 
Thomas and Elisa had met; after all, he was Gareth's most trusted assistant. 
During his stay in Moranta and even after returning, Thomas had always wished for Elisa and Gareth to reconcile. 
As such, Elisa was somewhat skeptical of Thomas's request. 
"Thomas, what is this about?" 
Tears welled up as Thomas implored, "Ms. Benett, you know who I am. Would I lie about the health of my family? My grandfather... he's been coughing for a long time. It's critical—he's coughing up blood, struggling to breathe. Can you please check on him? Help us out? Please?" Thomas's voice quivered. 
Witnessing the declining health of a beloved family member could be distressing. Despite her wariness, Elisa could empathize with the situation. 
Nonetheless, each issue should be dealt with separately. 
Elisa's brow furrowed as she responded, "If he's in the hospital, it means he's already receiving treatment and out of the critical period. Once I finish my tasks, I'll come over to visit your grandfather. Don't worry." 
There was still unfinished business between Elisa and Will. Elisa couldn't leave to attend to Thomas's needs. 
Nonetheless, Elisa was steadfast in her principles. 
Yet, she made a startling revelation when he called her. 
Unaware of his own habits, there was a subtle yet discernible undertone of scrutiny and urgency whenever Thomas attempted to deceive her. 
Therefore, Elisa determined through the phone call that Thomas was toying with her. 
And Gareth was up to something. 
Meanwhile, Thomas thought that his emotional plea would quickly get Elisa to forsake Will for him. 
###chapter1588
Chapter 1588 Don't Judge the Book by Its Cover
Thomas had never been at the top of Elisa's priority list. 
As Thomas glanced at the somber visage of Gareth in the rearview mirror, he pleaded, "Ms. Benett, it's a matter of life and death. I beg you, can you please expedite?" 
This is outrageous! 
He had gone to great lengths, risking it all, all for the sake of uniting Mr. Wickham and Miss Benett! 
Elisa's lips pursed as she spoke, "It won't change anything even if I were to come now. Thomas, my grandmother, is using Ganoderma Caligo for treatment. You can ask Gareth for some." 
Although it was true that consuming the whole Ganoderma Caligo plant yielded better results, Elisa doubted Gareth's altruism to save two lives at once. 
Thomas, stunned, hadn't anticipated Gareth's involvement in this matter. 
Should he say no? Won't that prove he's just plain heartless regarding his grandpa's life? 
Ah, Elisa threw me for a loop with her unexpected moves! 
Nevertheless, Thomas was grateful. 
Yet, these were all a part of Gareth's schemes. 
He mustered the courage to press on and said, "Miss Benett, those Ganoderma Caligo are hard to
obtain. While I've been by Mr. Wickham's side for years, it still seems quite improper of me to impose on him for help. He wants Old Madam Wickham to be healthy and live long. How can I possibly ask for this? It would only trouble Mr. Wickham." 
Blackmailing Elisa wasn't an option Thomas was willing to consider. 
However, Gareth's looming presence had chained Thomas' good will. 
Elisa chose to remain silent, acknowledging the undeniable reality in Thomas' words. 
Gareth had the prerogative to withhold any help. 
She sighed and replied, "Thomas, please give me a moment. I'll come to you right away once I am done. Please send me your location on WhatsApp. If you find it hard to talk to Gareth, I'll handle it when I meet you. Gotta go. See you later." Elisa hung up immediately. 
She had indeed asked Thomas to wait for a bit. However, she couldn't keep him waiting since Will was right before her. 
She could not ignore his presence when Will was now her biggest and most important collaborator. 
After all, the Western Suburb project belonged to Will as well! 
As the busy signal echoed through the phone, Thomas couldn't help but feel frustrated. 
He immediately lowered his head to apologize to Gareth. 
"I'm sorry, Mr. Wickham. I couldn't be of any help, and I ended up making things worse..." 
Elisa made it clear over the phone that once she was done with her tasks, she would address Thomas' matter with Gareth. 
He missed the opportunity to separate Elisa from Will, allowing the situation to worsen and leaving him guilt-ridden. 
Gareth stood firm in his convictions, unwavering and unrelenting in his clarity of thought. 
His voice lowered, exuding an icy intensity as he began to speak, "Don't blame yourself; this is not your fault. She was calm and composed the entire time, which is far from what you anticipated." 
Will had heard everything. 
Elisa's true colors were exposed at that moment. 
If Elisa was genuinely evil and had committed unforgivable acts, how could she have spoken those words so easily? 
Once again, appearances can be deceiving.
###chapter1589
Chapter 1589 I mean it
She wasn't as bad as he thought. It was all just a misunderstanding. 
She was a multifaceted person—one he had never taken the time to understand truly. 
His heart sank. 
At that moment, he realized why she had so much to discuss with Will. 
Will's attention was always directed towards Elisa; his words were accompanied by a warm and gentle smile. 
It's natural for women to be attracted to someone who is affectionate and caring rather than someone cold and distant. 
What did this mean? Would Elisa choose Will? 
Gareth felt a tumultuous current surge within his chest, as if it was about to rip his heart open. 
Thomas felt a heavy weight of guilt as Gareth looked solemn. 
"Should I apologize to Miss Benett directly?" 
Being honest was the best choice, even though it had the potential to create tension between her and Will. 
"No," Gareth opposed. 
"But…" 
"Forget about it. Let's go" 
Seeing his hesitation, Gareth motioned for Thomas to speak. 
"Are we really leaving already? Mr. Wickham, aren't we waiting for Miss Benett?" 
Gareth mumbled "no" under his breath. 
He feared seeing Elisa walking out of the restaurant with Will, hand in hand. 
Thomas complied without further words. 
As for Elisa... 
Thomas' tearful voice still echoed in Elisa's ears after hanging up. 
Will spoke up as Elisa was about to leave. 
"You always prioritize anyone part of Gareth's circle, Liz." 
Elisa's memory was triggered at the mention of Gareth's name. 
Both Thomas and Gareth were now downstairs. 
It was precisely the reason she had doubted them in the first place. 
"It's not just about Gareth; I am also concerned about the friendship," Elisa murmured. 
Will sighed, "You still love Gareth." 
Love was the greatest force. 
"What if it were me? Would you do the same?" Will pursed his lips as he asked. 
Elisa nodded silently, "I would as a friend." 
Friends, she emphasized. 
It all depended on whether Will was truly sincere in his friendship. 
"Liz, I meant it," his voice was solemn. 
Elisa sensed his sincerity, but some people did not change easily. 
However, Elisa quickly composed herself. 
Elisa pressed her lips together and asserted, "Will, let's focus on our collaboration." 
Will's lashes fluttered, understanding that rushing the matter wouldn't help. He nodded resignedly and said, "Alright, let's focus on the business. Now that you're back, work should be your priority, right?" 
Their focus had realigned as she had wished. 
Elisa nodded. 
A sense of urgency was brewing gradually. 
###chapter1590
Chapter 1590 Putting an End to This
He changed the subject, finally liberating Elisa from Gareth's matters. 
Then he subtly suggested, "Let's talk about the Western Suburb project tomorrow at Darcey's, and by the way... Did you manage to work on the design drafts for our collaboration?" 
The Spring fashion collection's design drafts were already completed, but the jewelry designs were still in progress. 
Nevertheless, creating the drafts would be an easy task for her. 
Elisa responded, "I'll bring the design drafts for our discussion tomorrow." 
"Okay," Will agreed. 
He envisioned spending more time with her as their work progressed. 
Will beckoned the waiter for the menu, which arrived promptly. 
He swiftly passed the menu to Elisa, his voice soft and tender, "Take a look and see what you'd like to have, Lis." 
Yet, Elisa couldn't help but notice that the waiter had brought two menus. 
She casually replied, "Let's have a look together." 
Since they had scheduled a meeting, it made sense for them to extend their plans to include a
delightful shared meal. 
It didn't matter what they were eating. 
Will was thrilled to share a meal with Elisa. 
The meal turned out to be a pleasant experience for both of them. 
Will diligently noted down the dishes that Elisa had ordered. 
He chose to refrain from discussing work or personal matters throughout the duration of their meal. 
Only after they finished did he finally suggest, "Let me take you home." 
Elisa was surprised as she questioned, "Are you sure?" 
It was a chance for both Gareth and Grandma to witness Will escort her home—she didn't want to miss it. 
This meant that Grandma would stop meddling in her affairs with Gareth. 
Will chortled, "Are you seriously doubting me?" 
Elisa's attention quickly snapped back to the present. 
She shook her head, "It's not that I don't trust you. I need to go to Wickham Manor. Would you mind giving me a ride there?" 
Will felt a piercing emptiness in his gut. 
Her choice to return to the Wickham residence left him wondering if Gareth still occupied her thoughts. 
He managed to suppress his emotions as he continued, "I don't hold any grudges against the Wickham family, so I see no issue giving you a ride there." 
Hearing his response, Elisa paused momentarily before finally saying, "I have a plan and will need your cooperation. If you're willing..." 
"Count me in." 
Elisa wanted to discuss her plans with Will honestly, but he interjected before she could elaborate further. 
She was surprised that he was willing to play along with her act. 
Nonetheless, it was an excellent opportunity to get rid of Gareth once and for all. 
They set off together, and during the car ride, Elisa called Thomas. 
On the other side, Thomas was in the living room of the Wickham manor. 
Julia sat across from Gareth, leaning on crutches. 
After giving Gareth a piece of her mind earlier, Julia sought to devise a plan to ensure a favorable outcome for the both of them. 
###chapter1591
Chapter 1591 You're Going To Ask For Forgiveness?
Thomas' heart began to race as he saw Elisa's name on his caller ID. 
He was contemplating coming clean with her. 
Julia noticed that Thomas was frozen on the spot, his phone in his hand. "Thomas, what's wrong? Why aren't you answering?" she asked. 
Thomas took a deep breath and said, "Mrs. Wickam, it's Elisa on the phone." 
Thomas had been upfront with Julia about his plans since he met her at Wickam Manor. 
When she realized that Elisa was the one calling, her eyes narrowed into slits, and she glared at him. 
"Why are you telling me this? You two are both morons! Do you think Elisa wouldn't figure out what you're up to?" 
Julia placed her hands on her chest, feeling an uneasy weight pressing down on her. 
She had thought of a perfect plan to reunite them. 
And this was the plan that they went with. 
One just sits back and does nothing, while the other comes up with terrible ideas. 
Thomas hung his head in shame, feeling guilty for his foolish plan. 
At the same time, he became worried about what Julia had warned him about. 
If Elisa had already figured out his plans, wouldn't he be making a fool of himself by acting like this? 
'Bang! Bang!' 
Julia banged her walking stick on the floor twice. 
Thomas' eyes widened in surprise as he heard the noise. 
Julia glared at him with a scowl. "Why haven't you answered the phone yet? Do you need her to call you again?" 
Thomas shook his head. "No. Of course not." 
He immediately accepted the call. 
Elisa was about to give up when she heard Thomas' voice on the other end of the line. 
"Ms. Bennett." 
She was momentarily startled by her name being mentioned on the other end of the line, but she quickly recovered her composure. 
She knitted her brows and asked, "I just finished my work. How are things going there? Should I come over, or will you pick me up?" 
He had to go through with the lie he had made up, no matter what. 
Thomas took a deep breath and said, "I told Mr. Wickam about the Ganoderma Caligo. He had to pay the price for not listening to you. Ms. Bennett, you should come to the hospital to help." 
Thomas sighed deeply as he finished talking. 
What a liar. 
She didn't call him out on his lie. "Okay," she responded quickly. "Where are you right now? The hospital?" 
She figured Thomas was most likely at Gareth's house. 
Oh? "Ms. Elisa, I'm at the Manor Residence," he answered. 
"Okay," she muttered, her lips stretching into a wide grin. 
Thomas hung up the phone and relayed to Gareth what had happened. 
He decided to be honest. "Mr. Wickam," he announced. "I'm going to come clean with Ms. Benett when she gets here and ask for her forgiveness." 
"You're going to ask for forgiveness? Don't make things worse. Why stop there?" Julia sneered. 
Thomas didn't understand what Julia was getting at. "I don't understand," he said. 
If Elisa was going to be here in person, we wouldn't be able to keep the truth from her any longer. 
Wouldn't it be worse if she found out the truth on her own? 
Julia's eyes grew cold with indignation. "Why are you so dense? If you tell her that you were lying all the while, wouldn't you be implicating Gareth? She'll think that Gareth made you do it." 
Her eyes burned with fury as she glared at Gareth. 
Thomas was afraid to speak up, seeing how her temper sparked with flames. 
Meanwhile, Will had Elisa at the Manor Residence within forty minutes. 
No one was at the gate, but Gareth saw everything from the house's terrace. 
###chapter1592
Chapter 1592 Confident to Get Gareth and Elisa Back Together
Gareth was surprised to see Will escort Elisa to the house. 
He couldn't make out what they were saying from where he was standing. 
However, Gareth couldn't help but notice that Elisa's eyes were fixed on Will, and her lips curled into a warm, enticing smile. 
Their arms were wrapped around each other's as if they were a loving couple. 
"Would you like to join me?" Elisa asked gently as she gazed into his eyes. 
Will replied with a smirk, "I'm already here. Why don't we continue?" 
Elisa didn't utter a sound, as Will didn't seem to mind the idea. 
They continued to stroll into the Manor Residence together, their arms linked the whole while. 
Gareth's right fist clenched so tightly that his knuckles turned white. 
Thomas was so stunned that he couldn't believe his eyes. 
Witnessing their intimate exchange, Julia's quickly stood up from the sofa, her teeth grinding against each other as she regarded them critically. 
She stared at the scene in front of her, unable to believe her eyes. Her breath caught in her throat, and her chest felt like it was being weighed down by a heavy stone. 
The throbbing pain in her chest was a reminder that what she was seeing was real, not just a figment of her imagination. 
Gareth made his way down the spiral wooden staircase, his eyes fixed on Elisa and Will. 
His gaze landed on Elisa and Will, who were still standing at the entrance of the house. 
Although he didn't say a word, his expression spoke volumes. 
He cared for Elisa from the bottom of his word. Studying the both of them, he felt a wave of jealousy wash over him. 
Will noticed they had an intruder looking in on them, and he pulled Elisa closer to him. 
Elisa didn't expect him to do that, and she was momentarily flustered. 
However, she knew she had to play along, so she kept a straight face and laid her head on Will's shoulders. 
Elisa looked like a lovestruck teenager, completely head over heels for Will. 
Will was determined to make the most of this opportunity to be close to Elisa. 
He did it intentionally to make Gareth jealous, and it was working. 
"Elisa, you and Will…" 
Julia's eyebrows were slanted in disapproval, and the corners of her mouth were turned down in a tight frown. 
Elisa knew her grandmother would be concerned, so she didn't wait for Julia to finish her sentence. She simply nodded her head and declared, "Grandma, we're dating." 
Elisa knew that there was no turning back now. 
However, if this could get Gareth and Julia off her back, she was willing to do whatever it took. 
Elisa's goal was never to be tied down by love again. 
Julia's forehead wrinkled in surprise, and her eyes widened in alarm. "When did this happen? You've never said anything about this before. How did this happen?" 
Elisa was caught off guard by the barrage of questions. 
Elisa knew that Julia was not the type to dwell on details, so she just needed to keep her cool and answer her questions in a way that would satisfy her. 
"I've known Will for a long time, and we've stayed in touch all this time. We decided to be together today. Grandma, we can't keep living in the past. I shouldn't be held back from love and marriage just because of my past divorce from Gareth." 
Elisa smiled confidently as she responded to Julia's concerns. 
Julia was stunned by Elisa's revelation. She continued to stare at them in a catatonic stupor. 
Elisa had been very clear with her answers, and there was nothing left to be said. 
But Julia had been planning carefully to get Gareth and Elisa back together. She was confident that her plan would work.
###chapter1593
Chapter 1593 A Heavy Weight on Her Chest
But now… 
Julia was still skeptical. "Elisa, weren't you supposed to attend Gareth's cousin's wedding with him? Did you start dating him just so you wouldn't have to go?" 
Elisa pressed her lips together tightly. She had no intention of attending the wedding. 
Elisa was done with Gareth. She didn't want Grandma or Thomas to try to get them back together. She also didn't wish for Gareth to be hung up on her. 
Will spoke up before she could get a word in. 
Will's voice was deep and commanding. "Elisa and I are officially together. She is no longer involved with Gareth and is free to do whatever she wants. Our relationship is real—it's not just for show, as you seem to." 
Will wrapped his arm around Elisa's shoulders, pulling her close as he spoke to Julia. 
Elisa felt Will's grip tighten around her shoulders. She was grateful for his help. 
But Will was sincere when he uttered those words to Julia. 
Julia turned a deaf ear to Will’s explanation. 
Her eyes turned cold and hard. 
"Elisa, tell me the truth. Is this real? If it is, why didn't you tell me sooner? You must think I'm a nuisance." 
Her voice was tinged with sadness. 
She still couldn't believe what she was hearing. 
Elisa shifted about, an uncomfortable feeling erupting deep within her stomach as she heard Julia's outpour. 
Even though she felt bad lying to her, she couldn't let this continue. Julia was constantly coming up with new plans to get her back with Gareth, and stopping her was becoming increasingly difficult. 
Elisa shook her head incessantly, her eyes pleading with Julia to believe her. "Grandma, I never thought of you as a nuisance. We only got together this late because I went to Moranta with Gareth. We hadn't had the chance to develop deeper feelings then, but I was really moved when he continued to wait for me." 
Elisa's eyes were glued to Will as she explained. 
There are times when facial expressions and body language can speak volumes. 
She had the right to choose who she wanted to be with. 
Now that she was divorced, Elisa could choose Will or even Eden. But the problem was… 
"Alright," a deep voice chimed in suddenly. "I guess I'll have to congratulate you." 
Gareth was the one who spoke up. 
His voice was dark and cold, each word spoken with icy precision. 
A set of jet-black eyes stared into hers, devoid of any hint of feeling. 
Despite her wish for Gareth to stop intervening in her affairs, his stony indifference to their lie caused Elisa's stomach to sink. 
Her heartstrings tugged painfully as she felt a pang of sorrow punch through her chest. 
But Gareth spoke up immediately afterward. 
"My grandmother's health hasn't been well lately. I'm sure you know a lot about her now that you're her boyfriend. My grandmother is very particular about her doctors, so she has to stay at Manor Residence for a while." 
"Doctor," he repeated, the word lingering in the air before fading away. 
If it were in the past, Will wouldn't have understood what Gareth meant. But with the implication of Gareth's words, Will realized that Elisa was Mystic Orchid.
###chapter1594
Chapter 1594 Professional Doctor? What Are You Talking About?
Elisa was rendered silent. 
Fortunately, it was all just an act with Will. 
Otherwise, it would have been a major blow to her partner. 
"I don't mind her staying here for a short while. After all, she has a close relationship with Grandma Wickam, and she's a professional doctor. I'm glad that she can help Grandma Wickam recover while she's here. Elisa, what do you think?" 
"Professional doctor? What are you talking about?" Julia's eyes widened in shock as she tried to make sense of what they were saying. 
Her mind was racing as she tried to understand what was happening 
Finally, Elisa realized Julia didn't know her secret identity as "Mystic Orchid." 
Also, she had never told Julia about her secret identity before because she was too overwhelmed with everything else that was going on. 
However, it wouldn't make any difference. 
Gareth didn't give her a chance to explain before he said, "Grandma, Elisa is a skilled doctor. Didn't you know that?" 
Julia stared at him in disbelief. 
She was at a loss of words. 
She had been so consumed with the thought of getting them back together that she had forgotten everything else. 
Elisa was a skilled doctor! How had she not known about this? 
Now, there was a more compelling reason for Elisa to stay. 
"Ah! I always thought that Elisa had only picked up a few techniques from the physiotherapist to help me. The only doctor I need has been in front of me all this time. Elisa, Grandma would like for you to stay longer," Julia muttered softly, feeling guilty about not knowing about it sooner. 
Julia reached out her hands to hold Elisa's, her eyes brimming with hope. 
She was finally aware of the crucial information. 
Elisa is a medical professional! 
She must have a wealth of knowledge and experience. 
If they were to get back together, it wouldn't be long before they had children. Elisa's medical expertise would be a great asset to their family. 
Also, the stubborn mule! 
With Elisa around, his health would improve significantly. 
Gareth wouldn't have to suffer from his declining health any longer. 
Elisa could tell what Julia was thinking with the way her eyes lit up immediately upon the revelation. 
She called Will over to help her convince Grandma to give up on the idea of her and Gareth getting back together, but it only made things worse. 
Elisa's head was pounding as she thought about the situation she was now placed in. 
However, she continued to use Will as a buffer to protect herself from Grandma's unrealistic expectations. 
"Grandma, I would be happy to stay and be your personal doctor if I didn't have a boyfriend. Will doesn't mind, but you know my relationship with Gareth isn't... Grandma, I think it's best if I keep my distance from him, or we'll get caught up in unwanted rumors and scandals that could damage our relationships." 
Elisa smiled warmly at Julia, but her eyes were filled with determination. 
Julia caught on to the fact that Elisa was determined to move on. 
But she wasn't ready to give up yet. "Gareth will deal with it if it comes to that. Elisa, I really hope you can stay." 
Julia's grip on Elisa's hand tightened as if she was afraid of losing her. 
Elisa didn't say a word, but her gaze was fixated on Will. 
The air was thick with tension, but Elisa's eyes gave away her true feelings. 
Gareth caught sight of the look in Elisa's eyes and felt his heart sink. 
He couldn't believe that the woman who had been so resistant to love was now smitten with Will. They were inseparable, and they seemed to be entirely in sync. 
###chapter1595
Chapter 1595 Felt Pressured by the Situation
He had never felt this connection to Elisa in the three years they had been married. 
Will also noticed that Elisa gave him a silent cue to support her in persuading Grandma. 
He was going to give it his all the moment he decided to join Elisa in her plan. 
"Elisa, if Grandma Wickam wants you here, I'll be happy to send you. But you've been so busy with work lately. Do you think you can handle everything without straining yourself?" 
Will deliberately stressed his words. 
Before Elisa could respond, Julia blurted, "It would be hard on your body to keep going back and forth. Elisa, why don't you stay here? I'm sure Grandma's health would improve with you around. Please stay, Elisa. I have something important to tell you." 
At her final words, Julia leaned in close to Elisa and spoke in a hushed tone. 
Seeing that Julia wouldn't give up, Elisa insisted, "Grandma, I'll still have to go back and forth between my office and the Manor Residence. I can't give up my work." 
Julia didn't see it as an issue. "You can work remotely. Why don't you have Thomas help you? He might be a bit of a dimwit and slow at times, but he's very skilled and dependable at his job." 
Thomas chuckled softly at Julia's remark. 
Thomas could hardly believe that Julia had acknowledged him in such a way. 
Julia gave Thomas a gentle shove forward. Seeing this, Elisa pressed her lips together and tried to come up with a way to get out of the situation. As Elisa hesitated to answer Julia, Will spoke up softly, "Elisa, I think you should follow Grandma's wishes. I'll be here to drive you around and help you out. After all, my parents are interested in meeting you." 
Will had been very gentle and considerate of Elisa the whole time. He wanted Gareth and Julia to give up hope of getting Elisa back with Gareth. However, Gareth did not say a word the entire time. 
And Julia was unrelenting in her attempts to convince Elisa. 
He only offered to take her here to get them off her back. 
"Okay, Grandma. I won't be here for a few days. Please take your medication on time, and ask Thomas to help you if you need anything." 
When she realized Elisa was determined to leave, she stopped trying to persuade her. Instead, she pulled Elisa aside and told her in hushed tones, "Elisa, come here. I need to tell you something important." 
Elisa had no choice but to follow her. 
She took Elisa outside. Elisa remained silent, waiting for Julia to speak first. 
Julia took a moment to gather her thoughts. 
After a few moments, she took a deep breath and said, "Elisa, are you really with Will now? Are you not
going to consider getting back together with Gareth anymore?" 
Julia continued to hold Elisa's hand as she spoke. 
Elisa nodded, a solemn expression on her face as she responded, "Grandma, I still have to move on with my life. I know you want me to reconcile with Gareth, but it's not possible anymore. Grandma, I hope this is the last time you bring him up." 
Julia saw how determined and firm Elisa was. As a woman, she could relate to Elisa's feelings. 
But isn't it the best outcome for first loves to be reunited? 
Moreover, she could tell that Gareth had finally confronted his true feelings for Elisa and wanted to revive their past romance. Wouldn't it be his biggest sorrow if he had to see her with Will? 
Julia felt pressured knowing that her grandson would forever be dismayed if he never got the chance to reconcile with her. 
###chapter1596
Chapter 1596 Don't You Believe Me
Julia heaved a sigh. "What about your promise then? I've told them that you and Gareth will be there. If you don't show up… Sigh! Forget about it. I'm prepared to lose face. It's all Gareth's and my fault. If I insisted on stopping you at that time, you guys… Oh, I should stop talking about it. Elisa, we have let you down. I know I shouldn't force you to stay." 
Julia's voice cracked as she spoke. 
Elisa felt sorry to hear an elder speak in such a manner. However, despite feeling disturbed, she wasn't a saint and couldn't keep selflessly sacrificing for others without considering her own feelings. 
She changed the topic. "Grandma, what's the urgent matter you want to tell me?" 
In fact, Elisa knew Julia used it as an excuse to hold her back, while the real intention was to set Gareth and her up. Nonetheless, she didn't expose Julia. 
Since Elisa asked the question, Julia was forced to make up an answer to avoid awkwardness. So, she continued hesitantly, "Elisa, I know you're occupied at work. Actually… I've been looking into the stock market recently, and the market conditions look pleasant. Can you get someone to help me?" 
"Huh?" Elisa thought there was no urgent matter but didn't expect such a request from Julia. Confused, she asked, "Grandma, are you sure you want me to do it? Shouldn't Gareth be more experienced than me?" 
Elisa had only taken over the business after she and Gareth divorced, and she wasn't as experienced as Gareth. 
Julia nodded. "Yes, I'm sure. Because I don't intend to let Gareth know about this matter. This person can help me prove one thing. You're the only one I can trust now, Elisa. Are you willing to help me?" 
Seeing Julia's sincere expression, Elisa couldn't bring herself to turn her down. 
However, Julia hadn't gotten to the main point—how did she want Elisa to help her? 
Elisa pressed her lips and directly asked, "Grandma, can you make it clearer? You mentioned the favorable stock market, the person, and that the person can prove something. What exactly is the thing?" 
Elisa was perplexed at Julia's ambiguous statements. 
The truth was Julia hadn't made proper plans and couldn't directly tell Elisa at that moment. 
After hesitating briefly, Julia uttered slowly, "That person… Sigh! That person holds crucial evidence that is unfavorable to my maternal family. I can't watch them be impacted. Elisa, this relative of mine, previously had a dispute with Gareth, so I can't go to Gareth because he won't care about it. You're the only person I can turn to. Besides, his days are numbered, and he heard you're a skillful medical practitioner. So, I thought of asking you." Julia attempted to persuade Elisa for that reason. 
Elisa didn't answer. Julia became nervous when she observed Elisa's expression. "Elisa, don't you believe me?" 
Elisa denied it. "It's not that, Grandma. To be honest, I've been very occupied at work recently. You can ask Gareth to handle it. He's more professional than me in business matters. I can come over if you need treatment. But…"
###chapter1597
Chapter 1597 I Dare You to Imagine the Consequences
Elisa paused briefly before saying with a complicated expression, "Grandma, the medicine can indeed restore your health, but some things might just be your own psychological pressure. Don't think too badly of others; I'm not that great either." 
If Elisa's team heard this statement, they would be shocked. She was Mystic Orchid, the internationally renowned divine doctor, yet she claimed she wasn't as good as believed. She must be truly humble to make such a statement. 
However, Julia was determined. "No. I knew you were reliable and capable when you treated me. Compared to Gareth, I trust you more. You said you're not good enough, but you're the best to me. Elisa, I know some things cannot be undone. I just hope that you'll still visit me often. Will you?" Julia croaked with a soft, hoarse voice. 
Elisa's concern toward Julia was indubitable. She answered firmly, "Of course I will. Grandma, since you insist, please send me the information about that person. I'll find him." 
Julia trusted her, so she chose to trust Julia too. 
Julia nodded and hummed, "Okay." 
Although she lied to Elisa, at least she managed to hold onto her. She would do all she could to bring Elisa and Gareth back together! 
"Now that you have a boyfriend, I should give you some gifts. This bracelet…" Julia wanted to remove the jade bracelet she had been wearing but was stopped by Elisa. "Grandma, I've seen you wear this bracelet since Gareth and I married. You must have been wearing it for many years, so you might not
be able to remove it easily. Moreover, you must have a deep connection with it after wearing it for so many years. I can't take your bracelet, so please keep it." 
Julia was persistent. "You've helped me in many ways, Elisa. I feel bad if I don't repay you. Since you chose to be with Will, you should treat each other well. If you guys happen to get married, I hope you live a good life together." 
However, that was not Julia's genuine wish. Regardless of whether the relationship between Elisa and Will was real, she was reluctant to see them together. She even wished for their relationship to come to an end soon! 
Elisa's eyes were filled with complex emotions as she nodded. "Don't worry, Grandma. I'm not a child anymore, and it's not my first time being in a relationship. I'll cherish my relationship and, in the future, my marriage too." 
Elisa was moved, thinking Julia still chose to bless her after discovering her relationship with Will, although she had always wanted to bring her and Gareth together. That was the reason she had been helping Julia all this while. 
Julia felt distressed when she saw Elisa's watery eyes. She quickly averted her gaze and said, "Now that you have a boyfriend, you shouldn't stay here too long. Go back with him first. I'll call you if I need anything." Julia was afraid to face Elisa any longer because she was guilt-stricken. 
Elisa nodded and listened to Julia. She knew it was inappropriate to stay any longer in the Wickam Residence. 
Meanwhile… 
Gareth warned Will sternly with a darkened face, "Since she accepted you, you better treat her well. If you dare to mistreat her… I dare you to imagine the consequences, Will Darcey!" 
###chapter1598
Chapter 1598 His Belonging
Gareth's eyes were cold and sharp like knives. 
Will laughed. "Gareth Wickam, who are you to say these to me? You should be aware that you're her ex-husband and are not related to her anymore. Her life has nothing to do with…" 
Before Will could finish his sentence, Gareth stepped forward and grabbed his collar. The next second, Will pushed him away. 
Gareth snorted, "You better not let her down!" His eyes became more ferocious and hostile than before. 
Seeing Gareth's stance, Will smirked as he thought nothing of Gareth. "Are you starting to be concerned about her? But alas, it's too late!" 
A bloodthirsty smile crept over Gareth's lips. He tightened his grip on Will's collar as if he wanted to strangle him. 
Will could clearly sense the brutality in Gareth's eyes. After all, Gareth still cares about Elisa. 
A man could read other men well. At once, Will grasped Gareth's hand forcefully, but Gareth didn't let go. Instead, he resisted Will and growled, "In any case, it's not your place to say these words to me!" 
Although Will had difficulty breathing, he retorted to Gareth frostily. "You're no one to say I'm not in the place to say that. You're already out of this game. Remember, from now on, you have nothing to do with Elisa." 
Although this conversation wasn't within the scope of the agreement with Elisa, Will just couldn't stand
Gareth's attitude. He couldn't stand Gareth's ungratefulness and how he treated Elisa hostilely in the three-year marriage. 
He only began to regret it after losing Elisa; now, he was talking as if she was his belonging. Who is he to think that as long as he turns back to Elisa, she will change her mind and happily run to him? 
Will's words hit the bull's eye and caused Gareth's visage to grow somber. 
He clenched his fist and was about to punch Will in the face. However, Will did not dodge as he stood still and stared fixedly at Gareth with a cold and provoking expression. 
If Gareth attacked him, he would not knuckle under. 
Suddenly, Elisa's voice came forth. "Stop it!" 
Gareth's fist, a few centimeters away from Will's face, paused mid-air when he heard Elisa's rebuke. 
Elisa strode up to the two men to separate them. However, Gareth seized Will so tightly that she almost couldn't pull them apart. She only managed to do so by poking their wrists with a silver needle. 
Elisa pushed Gareth to the side without sparing a glance at him and turned to Will concernedly. "Are you okay?" 
She even carefully observed Will and was relieved after ensuring he was not injured. 
Will was satisfied to perceive Elisa's concern, despite knowing she was merely putting up a show to deceive Gareth. 
"I'm fine." Will took the opportunity to caress Elisa's head lovingly before casting a side glance at Gareth. 
###chapter1599
Chapter 1599 She Chose That Man
Gareth stood frozen. Eliza had never been this concerned toward him… 
He felt he was utterly defeated. 
Meanwhile, Elisa almost subconsciously felt an urge to resist Will when he caressed her head. However, she controlled herself, remembering that Gareth was present and knowing that Will was cooperating with her. 
Nonetheless, the subtle coldness in her expression couldn't be concealed. "You're not a kid anymore, so please don't recklessly get into a fight." 
Will nodded like a child and hummed, "Okay. I won't do this anymore." 
The two completely ignored Gareth, who felt his heart wrenched when he witnessed Elisa 'lecturing' Will from behind. At that moment, he was no one but an outsider. 
Elisa will no longer be related to him or cross paths with him. 
With her back facing Gareth, Elisa had no idea of Gareth's complicated emotions, but Will noticed it. 
A wide grin spread across his face as if he had gained victory, and his eyes were filled with provocation. He placed his hand on Elisa's shoulder and asked, "Are you done talking to Old Madam Wickam? If so, we shall go home." 
Elisa nodded and answered, "Yeah. Let's go." 
"Sure." Will's snobbish grin became more apparent. As he turned to leave, he cast a victorious glance at Gareth. Indeed, to Gareth, Will appeared to be the true winner because he gained Elisa's care and love. 
At that thought, Gareth wore a rueful smile. 
Just then, Julia's voice emerged from behind. "Can you accept Elisa being brought away just like that?" 
Of course, Gareth couldn't accept it, but he had no choice. He was a loser. 
Julia walked over and rolled her eyes at Gareth. "If you can't accept it, think of a way to win her back!" 
She was exasperated. Back then, she repeatedly exhorted Gareth not to get a divorce, but he didn't listen to her. Now that they had divorced, he regretted it. Not only that, Elisa now chose Will over Gareth. 
Only then did Gareth realize he had shot himself in the foot! 
He pressed his lips and remained silent. He knew Elisa well, and she wouldn't change her mind easily once she made a choice. 
Even if he acted immediately or clung to Elisa shamelessly, Elisa wouldn't waver. Even worse, it might arouse her aversion toward him. 
Just like Elisa said… 
Suddenly, Julia hit Gareth with her stick and jolted him out of his daze. "What are you thinking? Elisa
can only marry into our family. So what if she chose Will? I don't believe she has truly fallen for him in such a short time." 
Actually, Julia wasn’t that sure previously, but when she saw the interaction between Elisa and Will, she was certain that they were putting on an act. 
She knew Elisa well. Elisa wouldn't display intimacy in front of others. 
###chapter1600
Chapter 1600 A Severe Blow!
Gareth muttered, "How would that not be real?" 
Elisa has always been direct, so there can only be two possibilities. She either accepted Will or rejected him. 
Judging from how naturally they behaved while together, how could it be fake? 
Furthermore, Will always remains by her side. He confessed his feelings a few times, but she refused to believe him and thought him annoying. 
Since she accepted Will, it meant his sincerity touched her, or perhaps she accepted him to break free of me completely. 
"You! Why do you always make me angry? I'll have you know that I only accept Liz as my granddaughter-in-law. I don't care what you do as long as you win her back. I don't care even if you have to do something humiliating. Do you understand?" 
Julia saw Gareth's reaction and scolded him furiously. 
Once she was done scolding him, she pushed him out of the living room and slammed the door shut. 
Gareth stood still and watched the closed door silently for some time. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Will walked out and behaved like a loving couple. However, Elisa's expression immediately turned stern once they entered the car. 
Will knew she was repulsed by his gestures and apologized to her. "Liz, I shouldn't have done that without asking for your permission. I'm sorry." 
He did not instruct the driver to start the car but sought Elisa's forgiveness. 
Although Elisa was against what he did just now, she understood why he did it. 
Even though he did her a favor, she could not be happy. 
"I know you wanted to help me, but Will, I hope you don't mix your feelings into this," Elisa said coldly. 
Will's gesture from just now was affectionate. Moreover, she could see the tenderness in his gaze. Elisa was not a kid. She quickly saw through his ruse. 
Moreover, she was astute. 
Thus, she could see that while Will appeared happy, he was dejected under his act. 
It was because she rejected him. 
Will was confused. "Liz, you roped me into acting with you because you don't want to be with Gareth. However, I can see that you have feelings for him. Otherwise, why did you keep helping him and his family when they were in trouble? Liz, am I that terrible?" 
Do I have feelings for Gareth? 
No, I don't think so. 
If I had feelings for Gareth, I wouldn't have kept rejecting him even though he expressed his desire for us to get married. 
I don't feel anything for him. 
As for Will… 
Elisa shook her head. "You're not terrible, but we are only suitable to be friends. Start the car. I want to go home." 
"Sure." 
Will felt depressed upon hearing Elisa's answer. However, he could not say anything out of fear that he would anger her. 
Therefore, he could only start the engine as Elisa requested. 
The car began to move. 
After traveling a short distance, a large truck suddenly appeared on the car's right and crashed into it. 
They heard the driver cursing and the noise of the car braking suddenly… 
Soon, loud booming noises of collision followed. 
Elisa felt dizzy and found her world before her eyes. Her ears filled with ringing noises. She could not hear anything from her surroundings.
###chapter1601
Chapter 1601 Calm in the Face of Danger
She felt her stomach roll and found herself hanging upside down before realizing that she was in a warm embrace. 
Will was embracing her. 
She remained confused for around ten minutes before realizing she was in a car accident. 
The truck did not slow down as it crashed into them, leaving the car severely dented. 
The vehicle had flipped one hundred and eighty degrees and slid out of the road. 
Her stomach lurched, and her head felt like it had collided with something. 
At the same time, she felt something heavy on top of her. 
She pushed gently and was surprised that she moved Will easily. 
Then, she saw that he was covered with blood. He looked like he had been fished out of a pool of red liquid as blood dripped from him. 
Worse, he was unconscious, and his leg was stuck. 
Elisa struggled and climbed out of the car door. 
There were already many passersby surrounding the accident scene. 
The driver was not severely injured, likely protected by a seatbelt and airbag. Luckily for him, the windshield did not shatter but was covered with web-like cracks. 
It seemed his injury was not much worse than hers. 
Elisa bore with the pain and asked the crowd to call the emergency services. 
Then, she rushed to the other side of the car and tried to get Will out. 
Unfortunately, she could not do it by herself. 
Will was trapped under the severely out-of-shape door. If she was not mistaken, his pelvis was stuck. 
She feared it could be injured. 
However, Elisa did not have time to ponder about it. She immediately fed him a white pill she had formulated to coagulate his blood. 
Otherwise, he could die from severe blood loss. 
Then, Elisa tried to free him again, but her efforts only worsened things. 
She suddenly felt something cool on her hands. 
It was her tears. 
She felt suffocating from the sense of helplessness. 
At the same time, she was afraid. It would take some time for the fire department to arrive. She feared the wreckage would cut off blood circulation from the trapped body part. The nerves would die from prolonged insufficient blood circulation, which could lead to permanent disability. 
"Wake up, Will. Please wake up!" Elisa prayed that Will would wake up soon. 
Unfortunately, the heavens would not grant her wish and even played a cruel joke on her. 
Elisa suddenly smelled gasoline and followed the smell to track the source. It turned out the oil tank was leaking. 
She widened her eyes in shock. Their situation had taken a turn for the worse. 
It meant the car could explode at any time. 
Elisa shouted to the crowd, "Please help me move him. The oil tank is leaking!" 
However, most people only retreated upon hearing her. They feared getting involved in the explosion. 
The crowd exchanged glances, waiting to see who would dare to help her. 
Thankfully, there were still a few good people in the world. 
Soon, four to five men stepped forward and worked with Elisa to free Will from the wreckage. 
These people risked their lives because no one knew when the car would explode. 
"We will lift this part together on the count of three," Elisa directed and remained calm in the face of danger. 
Soon, they succeeded in lifting the wreckage from Will. Then, they moved his bloodied body from the destruction and rushed him to the hospital. 
The media reported the severe car accident and highlighted how passersby worked together to rescue the victims. 
Moreover, the camera recorded Elisa and Will's faces and showed them in various media outlets. 
###chapter1602
Chapter 1602 Not as Interesting as Gossip
However, this immediately caused a heated debate among the public. 
"Isn't Elisa going to remarry Gareth? Why is she with the Darcey son?" 
"What a dumb question. Isn't it obvious? She's cheating on them. She's such an erratic woman. And she's divorced. I don't know what these two excellent men see in her." 
"Don't you know that men love unruly women like her? This proves it! The more unruly a woman is, the more a man loves her." 
"Nonsense. Do you know how Elisa is acting? Depraved!" 
… 
After that, many Internet users started to verbally attack and abuse Elisa. 
Some even photoshopped Elisa onto black and white obituaries. Elisa didn't know about all this, but Rachel immediately saw the news. 
She was incensed. 
"Vincent, can you be more helpful during crucial moments? I want to go back now. Arrange a private plane for me!" 
"Woman, didn't I tell you that I'm bankrupt? Otherwise, would I have to try every possible way to get involved with you? We wouldn't be trapped in Hilesin because the plane broke down!" 
Vincent sighed deeply. 
At that moment, he didn't know Elisa was severely attacked by public opinion. He just thought Rachel wanted to quickly return to the country and go to Elisa's side to stop any possibility of Elisa and Gareth's relationship developing. 
Vincent had a distressed expression. 
Rachel was annoyed when she saw Vincent like that. 
Rachel pulled and tugged his sleeve anxiously. 
"Can't you ask your good friends for help? Elisa is in trouble, so I have to return immediately. At once!" 
Vincent knew that Rachel valued her friendship with Elisa the most. 
From Rachel's current expression, it seemed like Elisa was in serious trouble. 
"What happened?" 
"Look at it yourself!" 
Rachel handed Vincent her cell phone. 
After a moment, Vincent no longer had a distressed expression. He turned serious and solemn. "I'll contact someone." 
Vincent worked quickly when he was serious. 
Around two hours later, they returned to the country in a private jet. 
… 
On Elisa's end. 
Will was pushed into the operating theater, and Elisa waited outside anxiously. 
Looking at the lit-up 'In Surgery' sign, she had complicated feelings. 
When she watched television in the past, if one of the main characters was injured, the other would pace outside the operating theater or refuse to sit still. 
She didn't understand in the past, but she did now. 
Because, at present, she couldn't help but pace outside. When she sat down, she felt frantic and wanted to do something. 
She kept praying and was thinking about how she could enter the operating theater. 
Therefore, she didn't know that the public was cursing at her. 
The commotion of public opinion pushed Elisa into the limelight. 
Perhaps some people didn't know of Elisa or heard of her name before today. 
After all, she wasn't of a particular social class. It was normal. 
But her name was heard all over live streams today. 
Everyone enthusiastically discussed the relationship between the three. 
Ordinary people loved to read about gossip. 
Social welfare or science and technology wasn't as interesting as gossip. 
###chapter1603
Chapter 1603 A Hostile Gaze
Gossip about cheating and love triangles in a wealthy social class was exactly what people were most concerned with. 
Furthermore, the main female character in question was so pretty. 
Different opinions appeared while everyone was cursing at Elisa. 
"I have to say that Elisa and Will are actually quite well matched. They're both good-looking." 
"As expected of wealthy people. I've never seen someone so beautiful. Has anyone seen Elisa in person? Is she as gorgeous as she is in the photos?" 
"Me! I've seen her in person at the company. She's stunning in real life. Breathtakingly ravishing! She's a good match for Mr. Darcey." 
A particular woman was dumbstruck. 
'Crash!' 
A sound rang in an office. Jocelyn Oxley swept everything off her table to vent. 
She had immediately been worried about Will when she saw the trending topics in the morning and wanted to visit him in the hospital in the afternoon. 
She had asked her friends to investigate which hospital he was in. 
She never thought she would see such comments. 
She hadn't wanted to believe it at first. 
She naturally trusted Will's character. 
She had liked him for so long, and they had grown up together. She understood his character and disposition the best. How could he be entangled with a shady woman? 
But she couldn't tolerate how everyone online started to see Will and Elisa as a couple after gossiping about them. 
Furthermore, she didn't fully understand Will's recent well-being after being overseas all these years. 
What if he really likes someone else? What if that happens? What should I do? 
Jocelyn couldn't wait and wanted to rush there when she saw how pretty Elisa was and how well- matched Elisa was with Will! 
She immediately arranged for a car and came to the hospital. 
With the hospital director's directions, Jocelyn arrived outside the operating theater aggressively and immediately saw Elisa, who was there. 
Elisa was also slightly injured, but they were superficial wounds. Her clothes were also somewhat torn. 
Her face was also dotted with cuts. 
She didn't know when Will would come out, so she hadn't dealt with her bruises. 
Her hair was messy, but she possessed a simple beauty. 
In short, her injuries didn't affect her overall attractiveness. 
Elisa leaned against the railing as she looked down at her feet. She wasn't showing much emotion, but she naturally looked unfriendly. 
She was still pretty. 
It was precisely because of this that made Jocelyn angrier. 
Jocelyn gritted her teeth and made her way over. 
Elisa felt a hostile gaze staring at her. When she looked up, she saw an unfamiliar girl standing near her. The girl was dressed fashionably and looked wealthy with one glance. 
The girl was staring fiercely at Elisa and walking over threateningly. 
Elisa frowned. She didn't remember having any grudges with the girl. 
But Jocelyn was still approaching Elisa. 
When Jocelyn was near Elisa, she raised her hand and wanted to hit Elisa. 
But Elisa stopped her calmly. 
Elisa was somewhat forceful, and Jocelyn couldn't free herself even after struggling. 
She stared at Elisa rudely and was just about to hit Elisa with her other hand when Elisa seemed to see through her tricks. 
Before Jocelyn raised her hand, Elisa said coldly, "I advise you not to move if you don't want a fractured hand. My patience has its limits."
###chapter1604
Chapter 1604 Selfish Motives
As Elisa spoke, her grip tightened, and Jocelyn cried out in pain. 
Elisa didn't overdo it. She didn't actually break Jocelyn's wrist. She loosened her grip. 
Jocelyn held her hand and looked at Elisa tearfully. She wanted to hit Elisa but didn't dare to. She didn't know how else to intimidate Elisa without force. 
For a moment, Jocelyn didn't know what to say. 
Elisa said, "Do you have the wrong person, Miss? I've never seen you. You don't have to greet me with… a slap, do you?" 
Elisa felt that the girl was quite weird. 
Jocelyn grew angrier when she heard it. 
"The wrong person? How can I mistake your charming face that you seduce men with?" Jocelyn spat. She looked at Elisa as though she were looking at a pile of disgusting garbage. 
Elisa, who was usually good-tempered, was enraged this time. 
Anyone who was almost hit for no reason and accused of seducing men would get angry. 
Furthermore, Elisa always had a lousy temper. 
She leaned closer to Jocelyn, and Jocelyn backed away in dismay. 
"You… Are… Are… Are you trying to hit me in the hospital?!" 
Elisa smiled. She didn't know why the woman was so shameless. 
Who was the first to make a move? 
How can she hit me? Why can't I hit her? 
"You better state your intentions while I still have my patience. I don't have the time to waste with you here. My friend is in the operating theater, and I want to wait for him here quietly. You better not disturb me. Otherwise… you have to bear the consequences." 
Elisa glanced at the girl from top to bottom with a disdainful expression. 
It was her response to Jocelyn's initial glance at her. 
Jocelyn was furious. She glanced at the hospital director beside her and pointed at Elisa as she panted with rage. "What are you waiting for? Why don't you quickly throw this filthy woman out? Who does she think she is to stay here and spout nonsense to me?!" 
The hospital director looked at Elisa and then at Jocelyn, seeming to be in a difficult position. Ultimately, he simply hung his head and pretended not to see anything. 
Jocelyn was livid. On the other hand, Elisa sized up the crazy woman before her thoughtfully, trying to figure out who she was since the hospital director seemed to be at her beck and call. 
That's right. Jocelyn had turned into a crazy woman in Elisa's eyes. 
Jocelyn was determined to hit Elisa. It was only natural that Elisa thought Jocelyn was mad. 
"Did you come to see Will Darcey?" 
Elisa asked with furrowed brows. 
It was a woman's intuition that the person before her had a close relationship with Will. 
Jocelyn was incensed. 
"Who do you think you are to say Will's name?" 
Elisa was left speechless, but it confirmed her suspicion that the crazy woman was here for Will. 
But she had never heard him mention a fiancée or girlfriend. If he had either, he wouldn't promise to pretend to be her boyfriend or… confess his feelings. 
Elisa assumed the woman in front of her was a mad woman pursuing Will. 
Elisa shook her head. She realized she didn't know Will at all. 
"If you're his friend, you can leave. He's still undergoing surgery and can't see anyone. I'll let you know at once if there's news." 
Elisa initially had good intentions and didn't want Jocelyn to wait here blindly. But of course, she also had selfish motives. She didn't want to face the crazy woman alone. 
###chapter1605
Chapter 1605 Get Lost!
But she never thought that Jocelyn would get angry. Jocelyn pointed at Elisa and started berating her. "Who do you think you are? Do you think you're his girlfriend?! Let me tell you that Old Mrs. Darcey approved of me as the Darcey granddaughter-in-law. I grew up with Will since we were young. You can't interfere in our relationship. You should be the one to leave!" 
Elisa felt annoyed that Jocelyn was berating her while pointing at her. It took her a lot of effort to control herself and not lay a finger on Jocelyn. 
Elisa sneered. "Really? So why haven't I heard Will mention you?" 
She doesn't want me to mention Will by name? I'll do it on purpose. 
"It's because I was overseas. I'm back now. Every Tom, Dick, and Harry has to step aside. Perhaps Will took pity on you in the past, but he doesn't like you. Don't get ahead of yourself." 
Jocelyn spoke self-righteously but didn't know Elisa wasn't paying much attention. 
No, Elisa wasn't listening at all. 
Elisa was utterly ignoring Jocelyn. 
Jocelyn's chest started heaving violently. It was apparent that she was furious. 
"It's impossible. You're lying!" 
Jocelyn's face was filled with rage. She was also confident that Elisa was lying. 
Elisa had nothing to say to such a crazy and irrational woman. 
She simply leaned against the railing again and kept quiet. 
Jocelyn couldn't take being ignored, but she didn't dare to do anything to Elisa. She could only order the hospital director around. 
"In the name of the Oxley and Darcey families, I command you to throw this woman out. She offended me, so she's in trouble!" 
The hospital director hesitated slightly. 
He was an outsider. Only the person lying in the operating theater knew the truth. 
He could only guess the two women's identities through what they were saying. 
It was evident that he took Elisa's silence as a guilty conscience. 
He thought she couldn't retort. 
What Jocelyn said was clear. He pondered which woman was more important. 
"Why don't you leave for the time being, Miss?" 
Elisa glanced at him. A familiar voice rang before she could say anything. 
"Who dares to do such a thing?!" 
Looking toward the voice, Gareth walked over and fixed his gaze on Elisa. 
She didn't look at him. 
Gareth walked to Elisa's side and stood firmly. He looked at Jocelyn and said, "This isn't a place you can act irresponsibly. Elisa isn't someone you can manipulate, either. Watch your temper. Otherwise, get lost." 
Jocelyn's expression changed. The man's forceful demeanor made her particularly frightened. 
She knew who he was! 
However, Elisa and Will had an ambiguous relationship. Why is he protecting Elisa?! 
"You…!" 
"Get lost!" Gareth's gaze was dangerous. 
She was taken aback and didn't dare to say anything. Her tears fell in a rage. 
It was apparent that the young woman felt more aggrieved today than ever. 
After dealing with Jocelyn, Gareth's attitude changed completely as he spoke softly in Elisa's ears, "Don't be afraid. I'm here. I've instructed people to suppress the rumors spreading outside. They're
doing their best to minimize the impact." 
Elisa acknowledged it softly and kept quiet. 
She could solve it herself whether or not he turned up. 
But what was happening outside wouldn't have been solved so quickly. 
"Thanks," Elisa spoke briefly. 
###chapter1606
Chapter 1606 His Life Will Be In Danger!
Gareth seemed to know the crazy woman. Perhaps the woman isn't making up stories.
Will had hidden something from Elisa.
She didn't know why, but she wasn't angry. In fact, it was as though she had a weight off her mind.
At the very least, it meant that Will hadn't been honest enough with her. He had hidden something from her. She wouldn't feel so guilty when she rejected him.
The atmosphere instantly grew cold because of Gareth's appearance.
The hospital director saw the strange situation and feared he would be drawn into the mess again. He came up with an excuse and ran away with his tail between his legs.
Jocelyn was left alone on her side. She looked at the two people opposite her resentfully.
Elisa is obviously already with Gareth but is still constantly entangled with Will. How greedy and sickening of her.
"I say, Gareth Wickam. Since when did you get muddled in such a mess?"
Jocelyn said sarcastically. She didn't like how protectively Gareth stood next to Elisa.
Gareth didn't answer her at once. He leaned close to Elisa and spoke in a voice so soft only the two of them could hear. "Jocelyn Oxley. The only daughter of the Oxley family. They spoil her a lot, and she's close to Will. She's been arrogant and willful since she was young. She left the country a few years ago and just returned."
Elisa nodded. Jocelyn had more or less said the same things when she was basically introducing herself.
"What do you think? I told you that Darcey wasn't husband material. He has a childhood sweetheart who's a menace."
Elisa couldn't help but glance at him.
If I'm understanding this correctly, is Gareth trying to undermine Will?
Will was still lying inside, but Gareth was trying to sabotage him. This was inappropriate.Elisa didn't say anything. Jocelyn saw that Elisa was ignoring her and suddenly spoke up.
"Hey, I'm talking to you. Have you gone deaf?"
The operating theater doors opened just as Gareth was about to say something. A doctor walked out worriedly.
Elisa's heart immediately sank. She went to him at once.
"Who is his family?"
When Jocelyn heard it, she instantly said, "I am, doctor. It's me." After that, she glanced at Elisa, pleased with herself.
But Elisa had no intentions of looking at Jocelyn.
It made Jocelyn seem foolish.
"The patient has a hemorrhage constricting a nerve in his leg. We don't think it can be saved. We intend to conduct an amputation."
"What?! Amputation?!" Jocelyn shrieked uncontrollably. She was quite loud.
She had lost her composure and had a terrible expression.
Elisa glanced at her viciously.
The doctor clearly didn't know Jocelyn's identity, so he chided her, displeased. "I'm sorry, Miss. This is the hospital.
Please lower your voice."
Jocelyn was unexpectedly unbothered. She grabbed the doctor's hand and said anxiously, "I don't care. Will can't be amputated. He's such a proud person. How can he accept being disabled and spending the rest of his life in a wheelchair? No matter what you do, you have to save his leg. Otherwise, your career will be over!"
The doctor didn't know about Jocelyn's family background. It was a common occurrence for him to be threatened by patients' families due to the result of the diagnosis.
He was tense and exasperated. "This is the current situation. We thought of every possible way to let the man inside walk freely. However, the current situation doesn't allow for it. His leg is completely dead. If it's not amputated, his lifewill be in danger!"
###chapter1607
Chapter 1607 Don’t Make Me Throw You Out
"I don't care!" Jocelyn pushed the doctor away with a slightly deranged expression. "In any case, I don't agree to an amputation. I won't sign off on it. You're done for if you let Will die on the operating table! Your career will be over!"
Elisa cast a hostile glance at Jocelyn.
Jocelyn said she liked Will, but it was only superficial.
Otherwise, why would Jocelyn prioritize his appearance in a life-and-death situation?
Elisa thought Jocelyn was a wealthy daughter that had returned from studying abroad and would remain calm in the face of events.
But now, she just seemed like a flustered moron.
Jocelyn clearly realized that she had lost self-control. She turned to the wall and took a deep breath until she felt like she had calmed down. She said, "I didn't mean that. It's just that the person inside is important. You must save his leg.
Please."
The doctor nodded and indicated that helping and healing the injured was their doctrine. It didn't need to be said.
They wouldn't do an amputation unless it was necessary.
Jocelyn picked up a pen and signed her name as she trembled.
After that, she handed the document to the doctor with a dark expression.
It was as though Will had passed on.
Elisa shook her head. She passed the two and entered the operating theater.
"Hey. Hey! What are you doing?!" When the doctor came to his senses, he ran over and wanted to stop Elisa.
But Gareth stopped him.
"Do what you need to. Leave everything else to this woman and cooperate with her."Although the doctor didn't know Gareth's identity, he shivered unconsciously when he felt Gareth's demeanor.
It was a manner that belonged exclusively to someone from a higher social class.
"She... She can't do that. The hospital has rules, and outsiders can't enter the operating theater. No exceptions. If anything happens... It's difficult for us to explain."
The doctor had an uncomfortable expression.
Gareth's thin lips parted slightly. "That's simple. No matter what happens here today, I'll take responsibility. You won't be held accountable at all. But if you don't cooperate, you'll be responsible if anything happens."
The doctor was intelligent, and Gareth had already made himself clear.
He took one step back and chose to stop talking.
It was a heavy responsibility. The doctor couldn't bear it.
But Jocelyn wasn't willing to let it go.
Gareth held the doctor back but didn't stop Jocelyn.
She grabbed Elisa and said fiercely, "Are you mad? Will is undergoing surgery inside now. Are you trying to kill him by going inside?"
"Let go." Elisa turned to stare at her coldly.
Jocelyn loosened her grip subconsciously. But after that, she came to her senses and wanted to catch hold of Elisa again.
But at that moment, Elisa had entered the operating theater.
Therefore, Jocelyn started hitting the doors.
"Quickly come out!"
"Are you trying to kill Will inside?""Quickly come out!"
Gareth was dumbstruck and annoyed at the noise. He impatiently told Jocelyn, "If you don't want anything to happen to Will, you better shut up now."
Jocelyn looked at Gareth. She was terrified of him from the bottom of her heart.
However, she felt an urgency. She straightened up and said, "Are you going to let Elisa be and play around with Will's life?"
"I said I'll take responsibility if anything happens here." Gareth glanced at her impatiently. His gaze didn't linger on her.
"Don't make me throw you out. Do you understand?"
###chapter1608
Chapter 1608 Unconventional Methods Why is every woman other than Elisa so noisy?
Jocelyn shivered under his gaze.
"Okay, okay, okay."
Jocelyn was stuttering slightly because she was enraged.
"You're going to take responsibility? I want to see if you can bear the responsibility!"
Gareth didn't even spare her a glance out of the corner of his eye this time.
Jocelyn could only pace outside. She couldn't sit still.
On the other end, Gareth had said softly into Elisa's ears that he was there for her before she entered the operating theater.
Therefore, she didn't feel stressed at all this time when she came in for the surgery. She didn't need to worry about outside disturbances and only had to focus on the operation before her.
Needless to say, the surgery this time was difficult. The hospital was of a certain standard, and it seemed trickier than usual if the doctor was desperate enough to amputate.
However, Will was injured because of her. She wouldn't allow Will to be amputated no matter what.
Definitely not!
After putting on surgical scrubs and disinfecting, Elisa entered the operating theater.
At that moment, Will was under anesthetic and had lost consciousness as he lay on the operating table.
He was covered in blood, and his leg wound had been sliced open.
From the looks of it, they were immediately planning to amputate him.
Thankfully, there was still time.Elisa started to embark on her task, and she observed the wound. Time was of the essence, and she had to understand the injury as soon as possible before she could make the most favorable judgment.
A few doctors and nurses looked at Elisa foolishly. When they saw the intruder touching Will's injury with her hands, they immediately stopped her.
But the doctor that had rushed over stopped them.
Without raising her head, Elisa instructed, "I need a doctor to suture and two nurses. Everyone else can leave."
Not only was there a danger of exposure if there were many people around, but she would also have to work in unfavorable conditions.
After that, the doctor helped to usher everyone else out.
Only he and two nurses were left.
Elisa first instructed for a St. John's Wort to be brought and placed in Will's mouth. After that, she took a scalpel and prepared to work.
She thought only the people with her were watching. She scarcely realized that a few specialists were watching in astonishment from an observation room.
"Isn't she making trouble? With a St. John's Wort in his mouth, the clotted blood might flow backward and choke him."
Dr. Falin spoke resentfully. He always advocated conventional medical practices.
As for Dr. Arnot, a senior doctor open to unique medical methods, stroked his beard, pleased. He praised Elisa generously. "Mm.
She has a good foundation. At such a crucial time, unconventional practices are much more useful."
Regardless if the doctor agreed with conventional methods, everyone felt Elisa was taking a risk and viewing human life lightly.
However, the hospital director couldn't do anything about it.
He could only take it one step at a time."I must trouble all the specialists here to keep watch. The patient inside is important. If you notice anything wrong, you must immediately stop that woman."
Even the hospital director felt it was preposterous as he said it.
A young girl was the leading surgeon, and they didn't know if she was licensed or even a doctor.
It was preposterous to even think about it.
But they couldn't offend either side.
Furthermore, it would be difficult to explain if Will died in the hospital, so they could only let her be.
The other specialists were enraged.
They should have been making their rounds and treating more patients.
But now, they could only watch Elisa's unconventional methods.
###chapter1609
Chapter 1609 Her Legs Felt Weak In the same way, the doctor who had stayed also felt dumbstruck.
He was fearful and apprehensive when he watched Elisa's technique.
He watched her for a long time and finally understood that Elisa wanted to eliminate the rotted flesh.
It was admittedly a good plan. Will's leg wouldn't have to be amputated after removing the rotted flesh.
However, the rotted flesh was constricting Will's nerves. Nerves are as delicate as hair strands. If Elisa wasn't careful, his nerves would be affected.
Furthermore, part of his nerves were already dead.
Everyone sighed in the observation room.
"She's practically playing with human life."
"I've never seen someone so bold and confident."
"That's right."
Whether the doctors advocated conventional medical practices, they strongly condemned Elisa's ways.
Security guards on standby would immediately rush in to stop Elisa if the situation escalated.
However, nothing went awry.
Everything was calm and peaceful.
Elisa held the scalpel like she was sculpting a delicate piece of art.
It seemed like art in front of her rather than flesh and blood.
It had to be said that her skills were... delightful.
Her actions were nimble, her cuts precise, and she wasn't sloppy. This convinced everyone watching.However, not many had hope for Elisa.
The reason was simple. The operation was too tricky.
Almost no doctor could achieve it.
No matter how steady a doctor's hands were, they still trembled slightly. Even a mere quiver would ruin Will's nerves.
However, Elisa did it skillfully and quickly. She didn't panic at all.
Her actions came naturally.
Even when she was nearing the end of the surgery, the expected difficult situation didn't happen.
At this time, those who knew the ropes could see Elisa's skill.
The chiding in the observation room turned to compliments.
Dr. Falin said in disbelief, "Such surgical skills stem from at least eight to ten years of experience. Even the head of our hospital might not have such standards, and she's so young!"
Dr. Arnot immediately said, "So what? Everyone can learn the conventional methods. But she is familiar with drug properties since she prescribed and administered them. It's rare to see someone as young as her do such a thing."
"We must hire her in our hospital. It would be best if she were my disciple."
Dr. Falin and Dr. Arnot spoke in unison.
After that, the two looked at each other and snorted coldly before looking away.
The surgery was still ongoing.
"Wipe my sweat."
Elisa spoke to remind the nurse. She had been standing at the operating table for almost an hour.
Her body hadn't recovered fully from the accident, so an hour's surgery was draining. She almost couldn't take it.
However, she completed the last steps of the surgery seriously.She left the finishing touches to the doctor.
At that moment, the doctor was stupefied as he watched her. She had ultimately won him over.
He hadn't come to his senses and realized that he had to complete the finishing touches when Elisa was done.
"Hey, close him up."
The doctor only came to his senses from shock when Elisa reminded him.
He nodded at once and started to stitch Will's wound.
Elisa left the operating theater and took off her surgical scrubs. A wave of exhaustion swept over her.
If not for the fact that she couldn't hold on, she would have personally stitched his injury.
But now, Elisa's legs felt weak as she left the operating theater.
###chapter1610
Chapter 1610 She Left in His Embrace Elisa was almost about to fall to the floor when she fell into a strong, warm, and familiar embrace instead.
"Are you alright?"
Elisa nodded. She had no energy to struggle.
"Let's get your wounds dealt with."
Gareth's voice rang above her head. Elisa nodded. She didn't have any strength to speak.
Gareth carried Elisa and was about to leave.
Jocelyn stopped them.
"You can't leave. How is Will? I will never let you go if anything happens to him. Get down! You can't leave if you don't explain things to me."
She wanted to grab Elisa as she spoke, but Gareth avoided her.
He tilted his head, and the security guards at the side immediately understood what he meant. They held Jocelyn back at each side.
Jocelyn couldn't break free, so she started hurling abuse.
"I knew you were incompetent and making a fool of yourself. Even if you wanted to play pretend, why did it have to be at the price of a life?! I'll watch how you explain it if the Darcey family finds out. And Gareth..."
Gareth had walked far away while carrying Elisa. Jocelyn's voice vanished before it reached him.
Jocelyn continued to berate them. Just as the bodyguards were about to throw her out of the hospital, Will was wheeled out.
The doctor who had asked Jocelyn to sign her name was excited. "The operation was successful! The patient kept his leg, but he's still in critical condition. He has to be observed in the ICU for some time."
Jocelyn's suspended heart calmed down.She completely forgot that the credit went to Elisa. She also forgot how she had just berated Elisa.
She just felt that Elisa was lucky and wasn't very skillful.
Therefore, when Marsha, Will's mom, heard the news and rushed to the hospital, Jocelyn exaggerated the events. "Mrs. Darcey, Will got into an accident because he was driving Elisa. He was severely injured because he was protecting Elisa all the way!"
Malice streaked across Jocelyn's eyes when she mentioned Elisa.
She had tried her best, and their parents had tried to play matchmaker between her and Will at all costs. Still, he had never spent time with Jocelyn or treated her like how he treated Elisa.
Therefore, Jocelyn was jealous.
She was so envious that she wanted to be the one Will had protected in the accident.
The accident Will and Elisa were in was classified as a major accident, so the media reported it.
Hence, Elisa was cursed at and trended on Twitter.
With such major news where her son was the victim, Mrs. Darcey had naturally heard about it. She didn't need Jocelyn to inform her about it.
Marsha was now uninterested in Elisa.
Marsha furrowed her brows. "How is Will now?"
She only knew Will was in a major accident and was sent to the hospital. She had rushed over from the neighboring suburb.
Jocelyn told Marsha about how Elisa had entered the operating theater. "Mrs. Darcey, Will was severely injured in the accident, but I think Elisa and the hospital conspired. I also saw Elisa leave in Gareth's embrace. I suspect..."
Jocelyn didn't finish her sentence, but her motives were clear.
Marsha was an older woman with much more life experience than Jocelyn. She clearly understood what Jocelyn meant.
Regardless if it was a conspiracy, Will was her son. She had to find out Will's condition.
###chapter1611
Chapter 1611 Why Didn’t You Stay?
Marsha answered Jocelyn indifferently. "Mm. I understand." After that, Marsha went to look for the attending doctor.
But the attending doctor brought up Elisa's talents to Marsha.
His eyes were full of admiration for Elisa. "I never thought that the girl that came with the patient had such great mastery over medicine. Her surgical skills are on par with any specialist in our hospital. It's all thanks to her this time.
Otherwise, the patient's two legs would have been amputated."
Marsha couldn't keep her composure when she heard Will's legs were almost amputated. How could she have kept calm?
Marsha completely understood the severity of the accident.
She immediately instructed people to investigate the accident. But before she had done so, Gareth had already ordered Thomas to inquire.
Thomas discovered that the truck driver was innocent and that the car accident was just a mishap. His brake had malfunctioned, and it wasn't deliberate.
But Gareth disagreed.
The more flawless it seemed, the more suspicious it was.
Otherwise, why did an accident happen at such opportune timing?
He told Elisa, "Don't go out during this time if you have nothing urgent. Grandma trusts you. Stay in Wickam Residence and take care of her. Tell me if you have something to do. I'll do it for you."
Gareth's advice wasn't unreasonable.
Even if he hadn't instructed Thomas to investigate the accident, Elisa would have done so.
It was too sudden. Also, why was Will's car the target?Elisa shook her head and rejected Gareth's kind intentions. "I'm thankful for your advice, but it's unlike me to retreat once I'm in trouble."
Gareth immediately furrowed his brows.
He said clearly, "So what are you like? Risking your life even when you know there's danger ahead? Elisa Benett, do you think retreating when you're in trouble is cowardly?"
Gareth's voice was harsh, especially at the end. His expression was dark, and he was very emotional.
Elisa was dumbfounded.
She hadn't meant it like that. Why did he misinterpret her intentions?
She was completely dumbfounded!
Elisa rolled her eyes at him and spoke disdainfully.
"I think you're just like Will's fiancée."
Elisa shook her head when she thought of Jocelyn.
If not for Will's urgent situation at that moment, Elisa would have taught Jocelyn a lesson since she was so arrogant!
But then again, Elisa didn't feel much when she discovered that Will had a fiancée. Gareth suddenly understood something.
He pursed his lips and said, "You don't have to drag such a person to put on an act if you don't want to accept and remarry me."
Such a person...
Does Gareth think so lowly of Will?
It wasn't that Will was inferior. Gareth just looked down on others!
Elisa suddenly felt emotional, and her tone was rushed.
"What act? Can't I like Will? Even if he has a wife, I don't mind!"However, this wholly exposed everything.
At the same time, Gareth realized something.
He said, "If that's the case, why did you choose to leave with me in the hospital rather than stay?"
Before Elisa could answer, he rushed to say, "Liz, it's because you don't want to be involved with someone like Jocelyn."
###chapter1612
Chapter 1612 She Would Only Be At A Loss Gareth spoke slowly.
But Elisa's expression turned dark.
What does he mean?
"Do you think you know me very well, Gareth Wickam?"
Someone who wasn't willing to spare her a glance in the past was saying such things now.
A clueless bystander would think that Gareth knew and loved her very well, but that wasn't the case.
Gareth said, "I don't know you well. I just realized this through recent interactions. Elisa, I'll wish you well regardless if you choose Will or someone else, but I don't want you to put on an act with others because of me."
Elisa was stumped for words after she heard it.
Actually, Gareth was also surprised that he would say such things.
Elisa didn't answer him. Her gaze fell on him.
He felt that her clear eyes were exceptionally bright.
His throat rumbled. At that moment, he suddenly complimented her. "Your eyes are beautiful. They're like the stars."
For a moment, Elisa didn't know how to answer.
From what she could remember, this was Gareth's first time complimenting her.
It was sudden. Elisa was surprised.
She was used to his indifference and his familiar insults. Despicable, vicious, shameless!
After she overcame her surprise, she laughed lightly. "Mr. Wickam, do you mean it positively or negatively?"
Gareth pursed his lips.What he said came from his heart.
It was his honest feeling. At that moment, he had nothing to deny.
"It's not negative. I'm complimenting you. Elisa, I came to my senses a little late. I will slowly learn to do the things I never did but should have. I..."
But Elisa shook her head and interrupted Gareth. "Don't tell me all these. I've said we don't have to discuss such things between us now."
After that, Elisa wanted to walk out.
Gareth quickly pulled her back, and his gaze dimmed slightly. "Where are you going? I'm talking to you. Can you hear me out?"
Elisa pursed her lips and seemed slightly indifferent. "I'm going home to look for medicine for Will. As for what you're saying...
Gareth, I said I'm thankful for your advice, but if I do as you say, then..."
Before she could finish speaking, Gareth interrupted her coldly. "I know. It's not like you. But Elisa, can you be more realistic when you do certain things?"
Elisa's head hurt.
What else do I have to say?
She pushed Gareth's hand away. "Gareth, I realized you've become more detailed yet indecisive now. This isn't the person I know."
In the past, Gareth wouldn't do such a thing or repeat himself.
He wouldn't even interfere in her affairs.
Gareth was silent, and his expression solemn.
People change. This couldn't be truer.
And his recent time with Elisa completely changed his perception of her.
Therefore, his interactions with Elisa changed.Gareth nodded and acknowledged it. "People change. If you insist on doing it, I'll come with you."
Jocelyn, Will's fiancée, appeared when Will was in trouble.
Will's parents were also naturally at the hospital.
If Will's parents were like Jocelyn and shifted all the blame to Elisa, with her personality, she would only be at a loss if she went to the hospital.
###chapter1613
Chapter 1613 I Will Never Accept It!
However, Elisa wrinkled her brows and expressed her stance.
"If not for Will, I would be more severely injured than him. He saved me. I must do this!"
Will had protected her at the crucial moment, leaving her with superficial wounds.
Therefore, she had to save Will no matter what and ensure he was healthy and whole again!
Gareth saw that she had misinterpreted his intentions, so he immediately explained. "It's not that I don't understand what you want to do. I'm just thinking that... If you go there now, I'm afraid Will's parents will make things difficult for you."
Elisa answered with certainty, "What kind of person would I be if I was afraid of trouble?"
Therefore, Elisa went to the hospital with packets of medicine that she had developed.
Jocelyn immediately pointed at Elisa furiously when she saw Elisa. "You have the cheek to come here, Elisa Benett?"
Elisa noticed the woman in a dark green dress watching by Will's bed.
She realized that it might be Will's mother.
When the woman turned, Elisa understood everything as she saw the woman's familiar features.
She ignored Jocelyn at the side and walked straight to Marsha.
She kept her distance as she greeted Marsha politely. "Mrs. Darcey."
Jocelyn was immediately displeased when she heard Elisa greet Marsha.
"Who do you think you are, Elisa? Who are you to call her Mrs. Darcey?"
Elisa glared at Jocelyn coldly and fiercely.
She hadn't planned on paying Jocelyn any attention, but Jocelyn kept chattering on.It wasn't enough to cast Jocelyn a warning glance. Elisa said indifferently, "What else should I call her then?"
"You!"
Jocelyn immediately felt furious. She was already disadvantaged before Elisa outside the operating theatre just now.
Jocelyn had wanted to exaggerate the situation before Marsha since she had arrived but to no avail. Marsha had a quiet and indifferent expression. She only said nonchalantly, "Alright."
Elisa had now appeared before Jocelyn. Elisa was arrogant and criticized Jocelyn. How could Jocelyn take it?
Jocelyn gritted her teeth. "Elisa Benett, stop being so arrogant! The accident happened because of you, and you did the operation. If Will has any residual symptoms, let me tell you something. I'll never let you go!"
The patients that Elisa had diagnosed and treated never had residual symptoms. Furthermore, she had reputable notoriety as Mystic Orchid.
Elisa beat her chest and made a promise. "Mrs. Darcey, I know my skills best. These are some medicines I brought for Will. You don't have to worry at all. If Gareth has any residual symptoms, I'll take full responsibility for the rest of his life."
However, before Marsha could say anything, Jocelyn interrupted her.
Jocelyn was exceptionally displeased with Elisa. Jocelyn sneered and immediately retorted, "You'll take responsibility?
You're divorced. How are you going to take responsibility? Will has never been married. Also, you don't have a child from your three-year marriage to Gareth. You're like a hen that can't hatch eggs. You can't afford to take responsibility at all!"
'Smack!'
Elisa lifted her hand to slap Jocelyn as soon as she started speaking.
###chapter1614
Chapter 1614 Watching Passively Elisa looked coldly at the girl, who was dazed from being hit. Elisa's voice was icy. "Are you done?"
Marsha's gaze turned cold. She had heard of Elisa's previous deeds.
But Marsha didn't expect Elisa to hit Jocelyn in front of her.
However, admiration couldn't help but flicker across Marsha's eyes when she saw Elisa's demeanor.
Jocelyn covered her left cheek and ultimately came to her senses. At that moment, she could no longer control her emotions.
She shrieked, "Elisa Benett! You have the nerve to hit me! Do you want to die?!"
Just as Jocelyn was about to pounce on Elisa regardless of the consequences, Marsha reprimanded Jocelyn angrily.
"That's enough. Can you let Will rest peacefully?"
After that, Jocelyn immediately stopped.
She didn't dare to do anything else, but she looked at Elisa fiercely and sharply. Her gaze was furious and ominous.
Elisa's lips curved coldly, and she ignored Jocelyn.
"Jo, you can leave."
"Huh?"
Jocelyn thought she was imagining things when Marsha spoke.
But she clenched her fist, and it hurt.
She wanted to be with Will and always tried to curry favor with him and his mom. She had to obey what Marsha asked of her.
She wanted to be with Will and always tried to curry favor with him and his mom. She had to obey what Marsha asked of her.
Therefore, she hung her head silently and walked out.When she left the room, she turned and glanced at Will longingly.
After Jocelyn left, Marsha spoke indifferently.
"I know that news about you and Will is trending. You've also met his fiancée. Elisa, just like what Jo said, you've divorced.
There's no way you can be with Will."
Marsha was basically saying, I will never accept the both of you!
As for his fiancée, it was mentioned suddenly. The Darcey family had never announced it, nor had Will ever brought it up.
Elisa knew that many people took offense to the fact that she was divorced, let alone Will's parents.
However!
Marsha's attitude was evident.
Elisa could understand what Marsha felt as a parent.
Elisa nodded. "Mrs. Darcey, Will and I are only business partners."
Business partners?
Marsha thought about it, and a sneer flickered across her mouth.
No one would believe it.
But before she could say anything, Jocelyn jumped out, flustered, and pointed at Elisa. "What nonsense are you saying?
Business partners? If you and Will were business partners, would he risk his life to save you?"
"Elisa, you conspired with Gareth and the hospital, didn't you?"
Elisa's heart felt strangely heavy after hearing what Jocelyn had said initially.
Because what Jocelyn said made sense.
The probability of a business partner risking his life to save me...
But Elisa's expression turned dark at what Jocelyn said at the end.She glared at Jocelyn. "What's wrong with you? Shut up if you have nothing nice to say. It won't kill you!"
Conspire?
She didn't know what Jocelyn was thinking of.
Why would I save Will in the accident if Gareth and I were conspiring against him?
Isn't it inconsistent?
"You!" Jocelyn immediately felt aggrieved.
Marsha, who was at the side, watched them passively and kept quiet.
###chapter1615
Chapter 1615 No Intention of Robbing Somebody of Someone They Cherish Although she disagreed with the development of Elisa and Will's relationship, she couldn't deny that she was pleased with how Elisa answered Jocelyn.
Elisa's eyes were filled with contempt for Jocelyn. She berated Jocelyn.
"What? I'm speaking to Mrs. Darcey, but you're making noise here. Please leave, Ms. Oxley."
Elisa's words made her intentions clear.
Marsha didn't say anything, but she silently approved.
Jocelyn wouldn't obey Elisa, but she wouldn't disobey Marsha.
After she left, Elisa continued the conversation from where Jocelyn had left off.
"Gareth and I didn't conspire at all, and I'm only business partners with Will. I don't like him romantically."
"You don't, but it doesn't mean Will doesn't like you." Marsha was direct.
She had more life experience and saw things clearly.
Elisa immediately fell silent.
Since Mrs. Darcey understands, what does she mean by that?
Elisa didn't understand.
Marsha saw the confusion in Elisa's eyes. She said at once, "If someone nice appears in front of you and keeps treating you well, will you accept or reject him?"
She asked Elisa.
Elisa was quiet and immediately understood what Marsha meant.
Elisa was quiet and immediately understood what Marsha meant.No one could turn away someone who treated them well, let alone between men and women.
Everyone wanted someone to treat them well and prioritize them.
However, she and Will were working together.
At that moment, Will was injured because of her. If she obeyed Marsha and broke off all contact, what would that make her?
Elisa turned her down decisively. "Mrs. Darcey, I can't do as you wish."
But her decisiveness was useless. Marsha was still resolute.
"If you can't do it, it means you still care about Will. There is still a longing within you. I advise you to eliminate such thoughts as soon as possible so you won't feel upset when you have to part in the future."
Elisa immediately denied it. "No, I can't do as you wish because I can't cut off contact with the person who saved me. Nothing is going on besides the business partnership between Will and I. You don't have to worry. If you don't believe me, you can..."
But before Elisa could finish speaking, Marsha sneered coldly. "Aren't you afraid that you'll be proven wrong in the future?"
Elisa was flabbergasted.
She knew she couldn't say too much.
But wasn't her current attitude evident enough?
Elisa pursed her lips. For a moment, she didn't know what to say.
The next moment, Marsha said, "Don't talk to me about the future. I only care about the present."
Elisa understood. Marsha wanted her to clarify her boundaries with Will now, not in the future.
Marsha didn't want them to continue their business partnership.
The Western suburbs project was the latest to be planned and hadn't unfolded in detail. Elisa could let it go.
But if the previously discussed projects ended, how would Will explain it to those at Darcey Group?
As for Benett Corporation...This was her first public project after she came into office. She couldn't let it go.
As for Will, she still had to wait until he recovered.
Elisa shook her head. "I can't do something as inhumane as setting boundaries now. Mrs. Darcey, Will already has a fiancée. I won't go so far as to be improper."
She had no intention of robbing somebody of someone they cherished.
###chapter1616
Chapter 1616 You’re Too Arrogant!
Marsha had an indifferent expression.
Fiancée? What kind of a fiancée is Jocelyn?
But she didn't say this in front of Elisa. However, Elisa could tell from her expression.
Marsha didn't care much for Jocelyn.
But then again, it was no wonder the people around Jocelyn didn't like someone as foolish as her.
Marsha saw how firm Elisa was. For a moment, she didn't know how to answer Elisa.
However, Elisa's attitude was apparent.
"Don't worry, Mrs. Darcey. Jocelyn must want to have a wedding with Will. When the time comes, I won't attend. I'll send a big present instead."
Elisa said it deliberately, but Marsha's face instantly turned dark.
Marsha didn't like Jocelyn, and the Darcey family had never acknowledged Jocelyn. Why is Elisa talking about a marriage between Jocelyn and Will?
Furthermore, Will was still in critical condition.
Moreover, there was another critical point.
After Will passes the critical period, what about his future recovery?
What if...
Marsha's heart couldn't help but tighten when she thought about it.
Elisa sensed Marsha's worry and immediately said, "Will was injured because of me, so I'll take complete responsibility. I'll make sure Will recovers fully."
Elisa was confident and calm when she said it.Elisa was confident and calm when she said it.
Marsha couldn't help but think of what the attending doctor had said when she saw Elisa like that.
Elisa had excellent medical skills. However, she had a bad reputation before she divorced Gareth.
Why is Elisa achieving so much after divorcing Gareth?
Although Marsha realized it, she said, "It better be the case. Otherwise... Elisa, if the worst scenario happens, I will demand a life for a life!"
Elisa could only nod when faced with Marsha's sharp warning. "Alright."
Elisa would keep her word. After that, she felt Will's pulse before Marsha and massaged him.
When Marsha saw Elisa's methodical and thorough way of working, she couldn't help but imagine Elisa's calm and unruffled demeanor while holding a scalpel!
Marsha couldn't help but frown. "Are you trying to show off?"
Elisa's courage was worth commending. If anyone else were in such a situation, they would have been utterly stunned and panicked, let alone brave enough to hold a scalpel to conduct surgery.
Elisa shook her head. "What do I have to show off? I'm not taking the opportunity to move you and ask you to approve of me and Will being together. Alright, it's late. I must go. I'll come again tomorrow."
After all, Marsha wouldn't agree for her to stay back and take care of Will. It would be better for her to return and rest well before coming again the next day.
Marsha wouldn't ask her to stay.
After she left, she didn't see Gareth.
When she thought of it, Gareth was the one who had insisted on coming with her, but she didn't see him now. She hesitated and called him.
However, he didn't answer.But the sound of heels rang in her ears.
After that, it stopped in front of her.
She looked up and saw Jocelyn's indifferent, incensed face staring at her.
Elisa scoffed softly.
"Ms. Oxley, are you in such a rush to be insulted? Or do you feel you have nothing else to do? Do you need me to help you relax?"
This undoubtedly angered Jocelyn further. She berated Elisa angrily. "You're too arrogant, Elisa Benett!"
###chapter1617
Chapter 1617 Stare Silently At Each Other?
Elisa's tone was the same, but the cold smile in the corners of her mouth was more prominent. "We have nothing to do with each other. Why is it any of your business if I'm arrogant?"
"You!"
Jocelyn immediately fell silent because of what Elisa had said. She was furious.
However, she found new ways to insult Elisa at the next moment.
Jocelyn smiled. "That's right, we have nothing to do with each other. Everything you do is none of my business.
However, you can never marry Will. The Darcey family won't accept you. I advise you to give up! Elisa, if I were you, I wouldn't be so shameless to marry someone who hasn't divorced. Also, you're still entangled with your ex-husband after you divorced. I don't know if you're just plain stupid."
Jocelyn completely looked down on Elisa.
Elisa clearly understood what Jocelyn meant. But why did Elisa have to stand there and be insulted by an outsider?
She narrowed her eyes and walked to Jocelyn before hitting a particular spot on Jocelyn's neck.
Jocelyn immediately couldn't say anything.
When she realized she couldn't say a single word, her face instantly turned pale in fright.
Her eyes were filled with fear and fury.
Her eyes were filled with fear and fury.
It was a blazing rage. She wanted to destroy Elisa.
What did you do to me, Elisa Benett?
Elisa understood what Jocelyn was mouthing, but she only laughed lightly. "You're like an insect that can't stop buzzing. From now on, you just need to shut up and stop hovering around me. Your voice will naturally return in a while!"However, she also warned Jocelyn. "If you don't do as I say, I have no other way. You'll stay mute!"
After that, she turned and left.
Behind her, Jocelyn stomped her leg in a fury.
She was the beloved daughter of the Oxley family, but she couldn't speak at the moment. She was even threatened by Elisa. If this got out, she would be utterly humiliated.
She was afraid that her condition would be permanent, so she naturally couldn't get her revenge on Elisa now!
However, this was the end of the line between her and Elisa. She wouldn't let Elisa go just like that!
Marsha, who was in the hospital room, saw everything.
Jocelyn's family had pampered her endlessly, resulting in her being arrogant, domineering, and doing whatever she liked.
Marsha thought it was good for Jocelyn to be humbled and taught a lesson by Elisa.
This way, Jocelyn wouldn't publicly consider herself Will's 'fiancée.'
The Darcey family had no such daughter-in-law!
When Gareth returned, he didn't see Elisa, so he called her.
She answered, and he immediately asked, "Where are you?"
Although he knew Elisa had left, he still had a sliver of hope.
Elisa said indifferently, "I've done whatever that's necessary, so why should I still stay there?"
Furthermore, Marsha didn't like her. If she stayed, wouldn't they just stare silently at each other?
Everything was as Gareth had expected.
But at that moment, he was distraught. There was a clear contrast in his behavior. He was displeased. "Do we have such an estranged relationship that you can't even call and inform me?"
Elisa was dumbstruck and in a daze."You didn't tell me either when you left. I didn't see you when I was leaving, and I had to deliberately call to tell you I was leaving. Why? If I inform you, can you immediately appear and leave with me? What can you do?"
###chapter1618
Chapter 1618 Still Thinking of Ganoderma Caligo Gareth knows he can't instantly appear by my side, so why should I consider everything?
He needs to get over it if I don't call to inform him.
Just like what Jocelyn had said, we're divorced. Why do we keep getting involved with each other?
Gareth pursed his lips in silence.
Just as he was about to say something, Elisa interrupted. "Gareth, we're not kids. No matter what, we won't get lost. So it doesn't matter if we inform each other. Most importantly, we both need to start our new lives. But thank you for today."
Gareth was by her side when she suppressed her panic to operate on Will and when she almost collapsed. She knew it, and she had a conscience. She wouldn't deny what Gareth had done.
When Gareth heard what Elisa said, he pursed his lips. After a momentary silence, he slowly said, "Since I'm still useful, why don't you let me stay by your side? Even if it's just to help you..."
Gareth was yielding. He was willing to humble himself to help Elisa.
But Elisa turned him down firmly and bluntly. "Gareth, I don't lack helpers. Furthermore, don't you think it's demeaning for a mighty president like yourself to help me?"
Gareth was firm. "No. Because it's you."
Gareth was firm. "No. Because it's you."
In other words, he would never do such a thing if it were someone else.
Elisa's heart shivered uncontrollably. His words echoed in her heart.
She couldn't deny that Gareth was being very gallant at the moment.
However, she wasn't a teenage girl, and her mind wasn't muddled by love like before. She wouldn't be moved because of what Gareth said.She took a breath and composed herself before replying in a low voice, "Gareth, what's the point of saying these things?!"
After that, the phone vibrated near her ear.
Elisa glanced at it subconsciously. The screen showed two unread messages.
She read it.
'Elisa, why don't we play a game?'
'What's wrong, Elisa? Are you afraid?'
Afraid?
She kept her enemies close and had close brushes with death, but when had she ever been afraid?
She was fearless. In fact, she was curious about who had sent the message.
She didn't think it was Eden, Irene, or Nicole. It could only be Mr. Carrerra.
She immediately called the number.
The other party didn't answer.
Therefore, Elisa replied.
Elisa: 'Why? Are you afraid?'
The other party initially wanted to scare Elisa and mess with her. Still, he never thought that Elisa wasn't frightened at all.
In fact, Elisa's actions were provoking him.
He couldn't allow Elisa to have a poor opinion of him.
Thus, Elisa didn't receive a text message reply. Her cell phone started ringing.
Elisa immediately answered.The low, cold, and devilish voice immediately rang in her ears.
"I was just busy. Do you have to taunt me like this, Ms. Benett?"
Elisa was instantly amused. "Taunt? Weren't you the one to provoke me first?"
He had sent her two text messages. She thought he had returned to the Middle East after a few days.
But from the looks of it, he seemed to still care that she had instigated his subordinates to rebel against him. He still seemed to be thinking of Ganoderma Caligo as well.
###chapter1619
Chapter 1619 Aren’t You Afraid That You’ll Invite Trouble?
Mr. Carrerra laughed in a low voice as he denied it. "I wasn't trying to provoke you. I was just kidding. We've met a few times. Do you have to be so serious, Ms. Benett?"
Elisa didn't think he was joking.
She frowned and asked, "Did you cause the car accident?"
But Mr. Carrerra immediately turned solemn. "Ms. Benett, you're protected by KKCD Casino's boss. You're in the country and on Gareth's territory. I don't have the nerve to challenge these two heavyweights."
He turned it back on Elisa, but his intention was clear.
It wasn't him.
But Elisa pondered about the person behind the scenes.
It's not Mr. Carrerra. Can it be... Nicole and Irene?
Elisa felt that the two were suspicious.
She restrained her thoughts and said indifferently, "It better not be you. I don't care if you're kidding or if it's for real. I advise you to stop while you can."
Her last sentence was a warning toward Mr. Carrerra.
Just as he was about to retort, Elisa hung up.
When Mr. Carrerra heard the dial tone on the phone, the corners of his mouth split into a deep smile.
He swirled the glass in his hands as the red liquid in it sloshed around.
He nodded at his subordinate. "Is everything arranged? If it is, I'll leave now."
He nodded at his subordinate. "Is everything arranged? If it is, I'll leave now."
Initially, he decided to leave for Elisa's city tomorrow, but the call immediately changed his mind.It was better to deal with certain things earlier.
His subordinate before him answered, "Mr. Carrerra, everything is prepared and in order."
"Okay."
Mr. Carrerra finished the red wine in his glass in one go before immediately rising.
A smile could be seen on his face.
He was determined to win.
...
On Nicole's end.
She was at a spa in a wellness center.
It was most important for women to take care of themselves, what more with her identity as the Tabor family's daughter.
Just as she was comfortably enjoying everything, she received a call.
Nicole looked at the number and answered the call.
A girlish voice rang in her ears.
"Didn't you agree to stick to the plan? Why are you doing all this ahead of time? Are you trying to die?!"
Even though it was a girlish voice, its disdain, and coldness were particularly distinct.
Nicole retorted indifferently, "We had a plan, but you and your boss are taking your own sweet time! With my plan, death will pay all scores."
To Nicole, everything would end once Elisa died.
Because she could see that Gareth had changed his attitude toward Elisa.
Elisa's death would affect Gareth. The person alive would feel the most pain.But she had underestimated how much Will would sacrifice for Elisa.
However, Will was now lying in the ICU. If Will died, Elisa would also be affected!
Linda wanted Elisa to die, but her father had told her they needed Elisa to help Benett Corporation. She needed to battle the shareholders.
Therefore, Elisa couldn't die now.
And Linda's boss was silent at the moment.
Linda immediately told Nicole, "Elisa hasn't died, and she's now the of Gareth's intensive protection. Aren't you afraid that you'll invite trouble with your actions?"
Nicole was now engulfed in the whirlpool of public opinion and the target of scorn. Everyone cursed at her.
###chapter1620
Chapter 1620 Repeatedly If Gareth and Elisa noticed anything, Nicole would become a useless pawn.
Linda didn't want Nicole to go to waste, so she deliberately called Nicole.
Nicole smiled. "They're dead. What do I have to fear?"
Linda felt that Nicole was quite arrogant.
Linda said nonchalantly, "But you've forgotten that Elisa and Gareth aren't dead yet. Don't get ahead of yourself!"
How could they be considered dead if they were still alive?
Nicole was aloof, but an endless fury was blazing in her black eyes.
"Elisa will die. Wait and see!"
If Will died, the Darcey family wouldn't let her go!
Linda was immediately displeased by Nicole's behavior.
She had a dark face and cold indifference.
"If Elisa dies now, it brings you no benefits. Gareth is following up on the accident. If even I know you did this, do you think Gareth and Elisa won't find out?" Linda laid out the facts.
Nicole knew that Gareth was following up on the accident.
She had to follow her own plan because of this. It was because Gareth and Elisa's focus was on the accident now.
Will was receiving treatment in the hospital, and it was the best chance to move. She could also stir up conflict between the Darcey family and Elisa.
If the Darcey family made a move against Elisa, Gareth wouldn't sit still and do nothing.
If the Darcey family made a move against Elisa, Gareth wouldn't sit still and do nothing.Therefore...
If they fought among each other, she could benefit from it. Why wouldn't she do such a thing?
Nicole restrained her thoughts and said coldly, "These aren't things you need to worry about. I've made arrangements. I'm busy, so I'm going to hang up."
She knew that the person behind Linda only treated her as a pawn.
In the past, she took advantage of the situation for her benefit.
But now, she wanted to turn the tide and take her revenge against Elisa and Gareth.
Therefore, she was willing to do anything to restore the Tabor family's reputation, regardless if it was right.
After that, Nicole didn't give Linda a chance to answer. She hung up.
It incensed Linda on the other end of the phone.
Admittedly, Linda had a good plan, but Norman changed his mind again after seeing the criticism against Elisa.
Elisa wasn't married, and she had no children.
As Elisa's sole relative, he would inherit everything if she died.
Hence, the car accident happened at an opportune time.
As for Benett Corporation's shareholders... If he compromised, everything would work out for the best.
He would call the shots if he resumed the position of Benett Corporation's president.
When he thought of it, a devious glance flickered across his eyes.
On Linda's end.
Around half an hour later, she received a call from the boss behind the scenes.
"I've seen Elisa's news. The person you previously recommended to me caused the accident. I'm very pleased with it, but it could have been done better. You can brainstorm and formulate a perfect plan to make Elisa die in the country."When the time came, how would the mastermind fight against someone already dead?
Elisa couldn't carry out any of her plans if she were dead.
And the mastermind's initial goal was for Elisa to die. Otherwise, she wouldn't have planned repeatedly, nor would she have looked for Linda.
And she wouldn't have allowed Linda to contact Nicole or help Nicole get to Gareth in KKCD Casino.
###chapter1621
Chapter 1621 Linda’s Heart It was a shame that Nicole failed to live up to expectations. Moreover, Elisa had too many people around her helping her!
Linda could only accept the mastermind's arrangements.
She quickly contacted her father. "Dad, you must quickly deal with everything at Benett Corporation before Elisa dies."
They wouldn't have time to buffer if the boss made her move.
Norman was apathetic towards Linda's advice.
"Why must I do it quickly? Isn't it good if Elisa dies? When she dies, I won't have to do anything."
Linda immediately choked.
However, what Norman said next was as cutting as a knife. It pierced Linda's heart viciously.
He was aloof and disdainful. "I really don't know what's wrong with you. You can't even think of such a thing, yet you called to advise me? You're lucky you're a woman. If you were a man, you would've made me furious!"
Linda didn't answer. It was as though something sharp was stuck in her throat, and she couldn't say a word. It was strange and uncomfortable.
She called her father out of consideration for him, but he was contemptuous and apathetic towards her.
Moreover, it revealed her father's misogynistic thoughts.
Moreover, it revealed her father's misogynistic thoughts.
Linda pursed her lips and quietly clenched her fists before quickly retorting.
"That's right. You've always wanted a son, so you've constantly been disappointed and upset at my existence. But think about it.
Who gave you your current freedom? Would you still be able to stand there peacefully without Mom?!""Also, how much have I previously helped you? If not for our blood relation, do you think I would still help you when you regard me with such disdain?"
She wouldn't help him if not for their blood relation.
Nor would she be so accommodating towards him.
Linda knew about Norman's actions but didn't want to expose them now. She didn't want to argue about the two unimportant people.
Ever since her family had collapsed, her father didn't pamper her as much as he used to.
Linda was almost falling apart because he even had another woman on the outside. She wouldn't trust her father again!
Norman was at a loss for words.
The next moment, Linda said, "No matter what you do with Benett Corporation, I can't do anything to interfere since I'm dead to the world. But I want to tell you that the matter isn't as simple as you think!"
The boss behind the scenes wanted Linda and Nicole to act and work together to send Elisa to the gates of Hades.
However.
Elisa was still alive. How could this plan succeed so easily?
And Linda didn't have any ideas. She had sacrificed too much.
Norman understood what Linda meant.
He was immediately displeased. "If following this person is useless, why are you still following her? Also, if you can't manage such a minor issue, how can I count on you in the future?"
Just as Linda was about to say something, a child's voice rang. "Daddy, drink water."
When Linda heard it, her heart clenched viciously.
Norman didn't say anything but glared at his young daughter Mindy.
###chapter1622
Chapter 1622 She Must Be Heartbroken!
Mindy was immediately frightened. She was at a loss as she saw a different Norman before her. Her tiny figure seemed helpless.
Her black eyes were instantly filled with tears.
Hilary immediately pulled her daughter away when she saw Mindy like that. She patted Mindy's back. "Don't cry, Mindy.
Don't be afraid. Daddy is talking on the phone, and we can't disturb him. Let's go there..."
Hilary pulled Mindy and walked away.
Norman pursed his lips. Linda had heard everything.
He wanted to say something, but at that moment, everything seemed bleak.
Ultimately, Linda spoke up first. She laughed. "The truth will always come out in the end. Do you think you can hide their existence? I pity Mom. She took the blame for you and is suffering in prison, but what about you? Your other child is so grown up. Isn't it ironic?!"
Linda knew about Hilary and Mindy's existence.
She wouldn't have suddenly turned hostile at this time if she hadn't heard Mindy's voice.
She didn't want to think about or bring up certain matters.
She knew such a situation would occur if she did.
She knew such a situation would occur if she did.
Norman knew he was at fault, but it had come to this. He couldn't smooth things over in a few sentences.
He didn't want to say anything pointless regarding this.
"You shouldn't care about this now. You should carefully think about how to kill Elisa so you and Gareth can have a fresh start."
Upon hearing it, Linda scoffed coldly. The ridicule in the corners of her mouth was evident."Dad, you seemed to have forgotten that I'm now dead to Elisa and Gareth. Do you want a dead person to have a fresh start with Gareth? Do you want him to marry a ghost? Do you think the Wickam family can accept all this?"
Linda deliberately said all this to Norman. She needed a new identity now. Moreover, even if she could return to Gareth's side, he wouldn't treat her as before.
Surprisingly, Norman ignored what she said and criticized her. "Isn't it all because of how useless you are? If you were any valuable, would you be in your current situation? Quickly think of a way to kill Elisa!"
Norman spoke impatiently and hung up after that.
He wasn't in the mood to stay with Hilary either.
Unbeknownst to him, everything he did at Hilary's today was clearly photographed until he left!
In less than thirty minutes, the candid photographs were uploaded online.
Within a minute, many people commented.
xx: 'Isn't this Norman Benett, the ex-president of Benett Corporation? Isn't Linda Benett his only daughter? He really has another secret family on the outside!'
xx: 'Isn't this common with wealthy men at their age?'
xx: 'Isn't his wife in prison? Oh my god. His wife must dream of quickly being released from prison and reuniting with her family, but look at this. She must be heartbroken!'
xx: 'What do women see in a man like this?'
...
Elisa had expected the negative comments when she first glanced at the photos.
Initially, she wanted to fuel the fire but changed her mind. Rose had taken the blame for him. Elisa didn't have evidence, so it would be hard to destroy him.
###chapter1623
Chapter 1623 It’s Not a Test Moreover, the judicial body wouldn't allow it even if she had the evidence to overthrow him.
Because she would be challenging the system.
Elisa visited Rose in prison with the photos and comments.
Rose's expression immediately changed when she saw Elisa. Her black eyes were fierce and icy.
Even so, Rose no longer looked as overbearing as she did in the past.
As a woman, Elisa felt that Rose was very pathetic.
She showed Rose the pictures and comments. "Is what you're doing worth it?"
Rose saw it.
Rose had never known about Norman's affair. She always thought they had a great relationship. Otherwise, she wouldn't have taken the blame for her husband and daughter for the sake of their family...
But now, everything was substantiated before her eyes.
She felt... extremely heartbroken!
But at this time, she couldn't let Elisa find any weak points.
No matter what, her family was in the same boat as her. She would discuss her relationship with Norman when she was released!
Rose had an aloof expression at that moment. "Elisa, you did this, right? You can't affect me. You'll never reach your goal!"
It seemed like Rose understood everything.
It seemed like Rose understood everything.
Elisa smiled and didn't deny it. "I did instruct for the photos to be taken, and I thought of instigating you to destroy him, but the verdict has been reached, hasn't it? I brought these things because, as a woman, I didn't want you to be kept in the dark. Butfrom the looks of it, this was unnecessary."
From Rose's expression, it was clear that she knew about Norman's foolish affairs. It seemed like Elisa's work during this time hadn't been in vain.
Nevertheless, Rose sneered at Elisa. "Elisa Benett, was that really what you thought? Stop pretending. Don't you want me to join your united front?"
Elisa couldn't deny that it was initially what she wanted.
But now, Rose no longer needed to pretend in front of Elisa. After all, she had shown her true colors.
"Do you think his mistress will be willing to stay with Norman without status after being with him for so many years? Don't forget that she gave Norman a daughter, and she's younger than you. I'm sure you understand certain matters even if I don't mention them, right?"
Rose was older and more experienced. She understood what Elisa was hinting at.
Hilary was younger than Rose. If Hilary wanted a proper status, she would try her best to give Norman a son.
Norman had held a grudge against Rose all these years because she hadn't given birth to a son.
Norman would fulfill all of Hilary's wishes if she gave birth to a son.
As for Rose, what would she get after being in prison for three years?
Rose kept quiet, and Elisa asked, "You've been here for a long time. How many times has Linda visited you?"
Rose immediately angrily hit the table and stood up when Elisa mentioned Linda.
"My daughter is dead. Elisa Benett, you're rubbing salt into my wound. Did you come here today to gloat?"
Elisa laughed lightly in the face of Rose's anger. "Linda isn't dead, and you know it full well. You don't have to pretend in front of me."
Elisa spoke confidently. She wasn't testing Rose.
###chapter1624
Chapter 1624 It’s Inconvenient For Me To Meet You Now Just as Rose was about to say something, Elisa interrupted. "Linda is now busy thinking about how to return with a new identity, so how would she have the time to pay you any attention now? If you provide me with the evidence, you don't have to stay in prison. You can also divorce Norman and split your property equally. But if you choose to trust him..."
Elisa dragged the last word out on purpose. The next moment, she smiled and said, "Putting everything aside, he was so ruthless against his biological brother. Do you think Norman will show you any mercy?"
Her daughter couldn't pay her any attention now, and Norman wanted to reclaim everything he owned. He also wanted a son.
When Rose carefully thought about it, what Elisa said was true. If Norman isn't destroyed, I'll be left with nothing.
But...
Elisa sensed her hesitation and immediately said, "You don't have to rush to decide. You can ask the prison officers to contact me once you've thought things through."
After that, Elisa gave her number to Rose.
Elisa didn't stay long. She got up and left after that.
...
On the other end, someone came to look for Linda.
It was the dignified Mrs. Garner.
It wos the dignified Mrs. Gorner.
Mrs. Gorner olwoys octed like she wos superior to others.
"Something hoppened to the compony previously, so we were held up ond couldn't hold o fomily bonquet for you. Now thot Eliso ond Goreth hove returned from Moronto, everything con begin. Be prepored for the bonquet tomorrow. Don't let the cot out of the bog."Mrs. Gorner knew thot Lindo resented Eliso ond Goreth, so she hod privotely contocted the doughter of the Tobor fomily, Nicole, to torment both of them.
But she didn't tell Lindo.
However, Lindo would be port of the Gorner fomily ofter the bonquet, ond she would olwoys be in the public eye.
Therefore, even if Mrs. Gorner hod previously urged Lindo to be coreful ond prudent, she brought it up ogoin.
Lindo needed o new identity. Even if she didn't like how overbeoring ond orrogont Mrs. Gorner wos, she hod to give in to Mrs.
Gorner.
"I understond. Mrs. Gorner..."
Before she could finish speoking, Mrs. Gorner's goze turned shorp, ond Lindo immediotely understood ond corrected herself.
"Mom."
It was the dignified Mrs. Garner.
Mrs. Garner always acted like she was superior to others.
"Something happened to the company previously, so we were held up and couldn't hold a family banquet for you. Now that Elisa and Gareth have returned from Moranta, everything can begin. Be prepared for the banquet tomorrow. Don't let the cat out of the bag."
Mrs. Garner knew that Linda resented Elisa and Gareth, so she had privately contacted the daughter of the Tabor family, Nicole, to torment both of them.
But she didn't tell Linda.
However, Linda would be part of the Garner family after the banquet, and she would always be in the public eye.
Therefore, even if Mrs. Garner had previously urged Linda to be careful and prudent, she brought it up again.
Linda needed a new identity. Even if she didn't like how overbearing and arrogant Mrs. Garner was, she had to give in to Mrs.
Garner.
"I understand. Mrs. Garner..."Before she could finish speaking, Mrs. Garner's gaze turned sharp, and Linda immediately understood and corrected herself. "Mom."
Mrs. Garner wasn't pleased even though Linda corrected herself. "You're not a child, and you've been practicing for so long, but you can still make such a simple mistake. Certain people look at the details. You better look for people to practice more!"
"I understand."
Although Linda was annoyed, she could only restrain her emotions at present.
Garner Group and Darcey Group had worked together, so the Darcey family was invited to the family banquet.
As the acting president of Benett Corporation, Elisa was also invited since she was in the country.
Norman was persistent in his previous ideas.
He called Linda. "Think of a way to meet me."
Linda was reluctant. "Dad, nothing is more important than your innocence at present. I'll have a new identity soon, so it's inconvenient for me to meet you now."
News about Norman and Hilary was trending, and everyone was cursing at him online. He had been utterly humiliated.
If he appeared in public and was recognized by someone aggressive, they might even pelt him with rotten eggs.
###chapter1625
Chapter 1625 It’s Different Now!
But Norman felt like everything else wasn't necessary. "How many wealthy men don't have a mistress? Moreover, it's not like you only learned about this today. Besides, between my reputation and my prospects, which do you think can affect me more? I know you have a new identity and will meet everyone tomorrow, but I feel like it's safer for you to hold on to Gareth."
Therefore, Norman wanted to meet because of this.
Norman wanted Linda to continue attacking Gareth. That way, they would regain power with Gareth's help.
Linda felt that Norman was too impatient. She disagreed, and she spoke without thinking. "I can't do as you say. I'll be appearing publicly as the Garner family's second daughter. If I do as you say and get close to Gareth, wouldn't my motives be too obvious?"
It would be too conspicuous if she immediately did it at the banquet. It wouldn't work.
"So what if it's obvious? Can Gareth turn you down with so many eyes on you?" Norman's thoughts differed from Linda's.
He thought that it would be harder for Gareth to reject her with more people around.
That way, when Linda was involved with Gareth with her new identity, Linda could continue to help Norman.
Linda answered indifferently, "Gareth won't turn me down, but the Garner family won't allow me to do such a thing.
Don't forget that I'm relying on the Garner family now. I'm no longer Ms. Benett. Moreover, we're not as well-off as before. The Benett family's daughter died in the car accident."
Lindo onswered indifferently, "Goreth won't turn me down, but the Gorner fomily won't ollow me to do such o thing. Don't forget thot I'm relying on the Gorner fomily now. I'm no longer Ms. Benett. Moreover, we're not os well-off os before. The Benett fomily's doughter died in the cor occident."
The next moment, Lindo ended the coll before Normon could soy onything. "Dod, I hove something to do. I'm honging up."
Normon hodn't finished speoking ond wouldn't ollow Lindo to hong up on him like this.But when he colled her ogoin, he wos greeted by on outomoted femole voice. "Hello, the number you hove dioled is out of reoch..."
This enroged Normon, but he couldn't rush to Lindo either.
...
The following doy.
Eliso received o coll from her ossistont. "Ms. Benett, the shoreholder, ond higher levels hove ions to whot you soid in the previous meeting. They soid the shoreholders hove oll orrived ond hope to discuss things ogoin."
Thus, Eliso could only postpone her trip to the hospitol ond heod to the office first.
Linda answered indifferently, "Gareth won't turn me down, but the Garner family won't allow me to do such a thing. Don't forget that I'm relying on the Garner family now. I'm no longer Ms. Benett. Moreover, we're not as well-off as before. The Benett family's daughter died in the car accident."
The next moment, Linda ended the call before Norman could say anything. "Dad, I have something to do. I'm hanging up."
Norman hadn't finished speaking and wouldn't allow Linda to hang up on him like this.
But when he called her again, he was greeted by an automated female voice. "Hello, the number you have dialed is out of reach..."
This enraged Norman, but he couldn't rush to Linda either.
...
The following day.
Elisa received a call from her assistant. "Ms. Benett, the shareholder, and higher levels have ions to what you said in the previous meeting. They said the shareholders have all arrived and hope to discuss things again."
Thus, Elisa could only postpone her trip to the hospital and head to the office first.Previously, everyone had disapproved. Elisa persisted in her initial thoughts but never thought that James and Jessie would represent certain shareholders and stand on her side this time.
"I think the company should have new systems. No one will ever want to hire people who do nothing. You can give up your shares if you think it's too difficult. Ms. Benett has provided guidance on this. You're unwilling to give it up or deal with it. Ms. Benett is the boss and has to work around the company."
The person who spoke was James, Rachel's uncle.
James wasn't standing on Elisa's side because of Rachel. It was for the sake of Elisa's father and Elisa's personal ability.
Furthermore, before Elisa had divorced Gareth and was still uninterested in the company, Benett Corporation was controlled by Norman. Many vermin had appeared under him, and it didn't look good.
James had stayed in the company out of loyalty and reluctance to leave, but it was different now!
Of course, he hoped that Elisa could establish her authority.
###chapter1626
Chapter 1626 How Can I Slander You?
Jessie immediately added, "I agree with Mr. Markee and support Ms. Benett's decisions. The company will evaluate everyone, and those with outstanding skills can stay. After all, we want the company to improve. Only then can we make a profit. Otherwise, who would be willing to pay for a losing deal?"
James and Jessie had senior positions in the company. More people agreed with them after what they said.
Paul was immediately displeased when he saw that more people were likely to defect. "I didn't say I disagreed with her decision. It's alright for those with excellent skills to stay. Still, by doing so, she's basically disposing of people once she's done using them. Can't you see how ungrateful this is?"
"It's one thing for the company to prioritize profit, but everyone here has stayed with the company through various struggles. Don't tell me we should get rid of them as well?"
"Did I say I want to get rid of everyone? Everyone is experienced, and I believe you understand my intentions. I'm not picking on anyone. I just want the company to grow and improve. Still, you distorted my intentions and tried inciting everyone to attack me. Why are you panicking? Is it because you've been disloyal to the company? Mr. Grayson, you should be the first to prove your innocence and accept the department's review against you."
Elisa hadn't wanted to be so direct initially. She had only mentioned it previously as a warning. After all, it was an opportunity to make amends.
Eliso hodn't wonted to be so direct initiolly. She hod only mentioned it previously os o worning. After oll, it wos on opportunity to moke omends.
But she never thought Poul would be so oggressive.
Since he wos driven to desperote oction, he couldn't blome her for being ruthless ond direct.
Poul wos immediotely enroged. He pointed ot Eliso ond soid coldly, "Whot do you meon by thot, Eliso Benett? Did I do something wrong? Stop trying to push the blome onto me! Let me tell you thot when your dod wos still oround, he would never dore soy such things to me!"
"My dod respected you. Uncle Poul, I respect you too. But regordless, I'm the boss of the compony. If I don't even hove the right to instruct my employees, whot kind of o boss does thot moke me?""I'm just osking for o review. Why ore you in o ponic? It's eosy for others to feel suspicious of your stonce ond work style when you're octing like this, Uncle Poul."
Elisa hadn't wanted to be so direct initially. She had only mentioned it previously as a warning. After all, it was an opportunity to make amends.
But she never thought Paul would be so aggressive.
Since he was driven to desperate action, he couldn't blame her for being ruthless and direct.
Paul was immediately enraged. He pointed at Elisa and said coldly, "What do you mean by that, Elisa Benett? Did I do something wrong? Stop trying to push the blame onto me! Let me tell you that when your dad was still around, he would never dare say such things to me!"
"My dad respected you. Uncle Paul, I respect you too. But regardless, I'm the boss of the company. If I don't even have the right to instruct my employees, what kind of a boss does that make me?"
"I'm just asking for a review. Why are you in a panic? It's easy for others to feel suspicious of your stance and work style when you're acting like this, Uncle Paul."
Elisa looked down and smiled. Her voice was unbelievably sharp.
But to Paul, Elisa was doing it on purpose. She was deliberately picking on him and provoking him.
Paul couldn't take it. "Elisa Benett, get to the point. Do you think I don't know what you're thinking about? I'm telling you! Stop trying to slander me!"
The next moment, Paul hit the table and rose.
His round eyes widened in rage as he stared fiercely at Elisa.
It was as though he was shooting Elisa a warning gaze.
Elisa suddenly felt amused.
"How can I slander you if you're innocent?"There was no doubt that Elisa had enraged Paul.
His words were like thunder. "And you say you're not trying to slander me. Elisa Benett, you're deliberately distorting the truth and trying to mislead everyone!"
The murderous intent in his eyes was undeniable.
But before Elisa could say anything else, James rebuked Paul. "Do you have to repeatedly nitpick on something so minor? Weren't you complaining the most when Ms. Benett started talking about this?"
###chapter1627
Chapter 1627 It Won’t Help You at All!
James furrowed his brows. He currently had a grave and cold expression.
However, Paul didn't answer the question.
He retorted. "I was just expressing my thoughts, but Elisa kept criticizing me. I've been diligent at Benett Corporation for so many years, and I'm her senior, right? Is she trying to establish authority at Benett Corporation by slandering me?"
The blame shifted to Elisa again.
Elisa kept quiet at the moment.
But the corners of her mouth were uplifted.
Paul knew that in terms of seniority, he had joined the company much earlier than Elisa.
In terms of age, he was around twenty years older than her.
No matter what it was, Elisa had no right to reprimand or single him out.
Elisa never thought that Paul would talk about their ages.
It was slightly comical.
But before she could say anything, Jessie said what Elisa was thinking.
Jessie scoffed softly. "Are you taking advantage of your seniority, Mr. Grayson?"
Paul couldn't accept such a thing being said about him.
He immediately denied it and berated Jessie.
"Don't talk nonsense. When have I taken advantage of my seniority? What's the point of so many shareholders gathering here today? It's for everyone to express their precious opinions so the company can further develop, right?"Jessie smiled. "That's right. This is why we're here today. But Mr. Grayson, it feels like... Ms. Benett is the one being targeted, not you."
Jessie smiled. "Thot's right. This is why we're here todoy. But Mr. Groyson, it feels like... Ms. Benett is the one being torgeted, not you."
After thot, Jessie spoke to everyone else. "I know whot most of you ore thinking. You feel thot Ms. Benett hos never monoged o compony, is inexperienced, ond is just o mere womon. You might even think she isn't os good os her predecessor, Mr. Benett.
But why don't you think obout it? If Mr. Benett wos good enough, would he hove stepped down? Everything Ms. Benett soys hits the mork. If you're reolly chosing ofter profit, you'll understond. But if you're not... Do whot we tolked obout in the meeting yesterdoy. Those who find it difficult con stond out, liquidote their shores, ond leove. Don't worry. You'll receive o hundred percent of the returns, ond you won't be singled out in the industry."
Jomes, Jessie, ond Poul were senior figures in Benett Corporotion.
At the moment, Jessie ond Jomes were speoking for Eliso. On the other hond, Poul seemed more 'liberol.'
Jessie smiled. "That's right. This is why we're here today. But Mr. Grayson, it feels like... Ms. Benett is the one being targeted, not you."
After that, Jessie spoke to everyone else. "I know what most of you are thinking. You feel that Ms. Benett has never managed a company, is inexperienced, and is just a mere woman. You might even think she isn't as good as her predecessor, Mr. Benett.
But why don't you think about it? If Mr. Benett was good enough, would he have stepped down? Everything Ms. Benett says hits the mark. If you're really chasing after profit, you'll understand. But if you're not... Do what we talked about in the meeting yesterday. Those who find it difficult can stand out, liquidate their shares, and leave. Don't worry. You'll receive a hundred percent of the returns, and you won't be singled out in the industry."
James, Jessie, and Paul were senior figures in Benett Corporation.
At the moment, Jessie and James were speaking for Elisa. On the other hand, Paul seemed more 'liberal.'
Especially when James lit a cigarette at this time.
Although he didn't say anything, the other shareholders didn't dare to guess his intentions.
No one wanted to leave.But Paul wasn't the only one who felt defiant.
However, they didn't dare to stand out like Paul and harass Elisa publicly.
When Paul saw the state of affairs, he was livid. The first thought that came to him was to hit the table loudly and exclaim his resignation.
Before he did anything, he thought of what Norman had said about watching the others fight and reap the rewards once everyone was exhausted.
Many people weren't stirred. Paul hadn't expected Jessie and James to appear and speak up for Elisa.
Paul restrained his emotions and quickly said, "Don't think you can do whatever you please because you're now the president of Benett Corporation. You're part of the younger generation and still have much to learn. Being proud and arrogant won't help you at all!"
Paul spoke coldly, and his gaze toward Elisa was filled with contempt.
###chapter1628
Chapter 1628 A Derogatory Warning Elisa noticed his gaze.
She could only readily accept what Paul said with so many people watching. She smiled and said, "You're right, Uncle Paul. As part of the younger generation, I have a lot to learn. Otherwise, how can I manage the company and lead everyone forward?"
"Not only do I have much to learn as part of the younger generation, I must convince the masses as I take up this position."
Since Elisa said such, Paul knew he would look bad if he kept quiet.
He had no other way.
He could only compromise. "You're right. I can go through a review, but I can't be the only one. The three of us can go first, then it can be extended to everyone else."
Although he was compromising, he wanted to share it with Jessie and James.
With the three of them as an example, no one would have any opinions.
Elisa knew full well what Paul was thinking.
But in such a situation, Elisa could only continue from where he left off. "That's a good suggestion, Uncle Paul. Do you have any opinions, Uncle James and Aunt Jessie?"
"No."
"No opinions from me either."
James and Jessie spoke one after another.
After that, an internal review started.
After thot, on internol review storted.Poul wos dubious, but his occounts were done excellently.
Also, whot Eliso soid yesterdoy offected Poul, so he spent severol nights in o row omending his stotements.
Not everyone wos so lucky.
The investigotion found mony problems.
The one with the most severe problems wos fired ond mode on exomple.
A public onnouncement wos olso posted ot the office.
Eliso knew thot mony would criticize her becouse of this, but she hod no other woy. She wos doing it for the compony's development ond to force Normon to moke his next move.
Poul met Eliso to moke peoce. He roised his brows, looking very pleosed.
"Liz, I know thot young people like you ore brove ond wont to go oll out. But you should olso be reolistic. I've stoyed in the compony for mony yeors. How could there be onything wrong with me? I finolly understond whot you meont. You wonted to use me to smoke those people out, right?"
Poul smiled. He wosn't os furious or emotionol in front of Eliso os in the previous meeting.
He held o cigorette in his honds, ond o deep smile wos in the corners of his mouth.
After that, an internal review started.
Paul was dubious, but his accounts were done excellently.
Also, what Elisa said yesterday affected Paul, so he spent several nights in a row amending his statements.
Not everyone was so lucky.
The investigation found many problems.
The one with the most severe problems was fired and made an example.
A public announcement was also posted at the office.Elisa knew that many would criticize her because of this, but she had no other way. She was doing it for the company's development and to force Norman to make his next move.
Paul met Elisa to make peace. He raised his brows, looking very pleased.
"Liz, I know that young people like you are brave and want to go all out. But you should also be realistic. I've stayed in the company for many years. How could there be anything wrong with me? I finally understand what you meant. You wanted to use me to smoke those people out, right?"
Paul smiled. He wasn't as furious or emotional in front of Elisa as in the previous meeting.
He held a cigarette in his hands, and a deep smile was in the corners of his mouth.
Elisa also smiled. "Uncle Paul, you also know about the Benett family's current situation. If I don't manage the company well, who else will do it?"
"I wasn't trying to take advantage of you, Uncle Paul. You just have such a fiery temper. I only mentioned it, and you blew up. Luckily, you're innocent. I know you've been at the company for many years. Would anyone else face the reality before them? Uncle Paul, you've been through a lot. You should know that being impulsive is the way of the devil!"
She knew how to put on a fake smile too.
Paul clearly understood what Elisa was implying.
But at such a stage, arguing couldn't resolve any problems.
Instead, more problems would occur when they were being emotional.
He could only nod and agree with Elisa. "I concur. The younger generation will always replace the older generation and reach greater heights."
Elisa was still smiling. "Uncle Paul, since you're complimenting me, does it mean I've started to change your mind a little?"
Actually, Elisa knew full well that it wasn't a compliment. It was derogatory and meant as a warning.
###chapter1629
Chapter 1629 I’m Glad He’s Fine!
And her words were clear.
Paul treated her as an enemy and had a lot of animosity toward her.
"Of course. You got rid of those people, and everyone is now determined. You've completely won me over at this moment. I admire you and hope you can lead Benett Corporation to greater heights."
Elisa accepted it and didn't retort when she heard what Paul said.
But internally...
She knew he felt differently, but he was praising her so eloquently. He was so sly!
But Elisa didn't want to argue with him any longer.
She was pretty busy.
Therefore, she wrapped things up on her own accord. "Is there anything else, Uncle Paul?"
Paul clearly understood that she was chasing him away.
He smiled and shook his head. "No. Go on with your business, Ms. Benett."
Shortly after Paul left her office, Elisa also left.
She drove to the hospital.
Meanwhile, Paul met with Norman.
Norman pointed it out. "There are no changes between the two meetings. Do you think Elisa will stop attacking you just because you initiated a meeting with her to express goodwill?"
The disdain in the corners of Norman's mouth was evident when he said it.
The disdoin in the corners of Normon's mouth wos evident when he soid it.Upon heoring it, Poul didn't immediotely onswer Normon.
He looked ot Normon ond scrutinized him.
Normon seemed to hove been demoted to on ordinory employee. In reolity, he knew everything thot wos hoppening in the compony. His henchmen were still fiercely loyol to him. Otherwise, he wouldn't know whot hod hoppened in the meetings when he wosn't present.
All he needed wos for Benett Corporotion to chonge honds...
No. He needed o chonce. An opportunity for Eliso to die.
"It's not importont whether Eliso stops ottocking me. This isn't something you should be thinking obout. If Eliso is torgeting me, do you think she's clueless obout your tricks?"
Poul sneered.
The smile on the corners of Normon's mouth deepened.
Eliso cleorly knew his motives ond thot he hodn't given up. She olso knew thot his henchmen were everywhere in the compony.
To put it bluntly, everything Eliso wos doing wos not only to estoblish her outhority in the compony but olso for him to witness.
Normon wos unconcerned. "Even if she knows, oren't I still stonding here in one piece? She thinks she con control everything, but o victor hos yet to be decided! How con o sporrow compete with on eogle?"
The disdain in the corners of Norman's mouth was evident when he said it.
Upon hearing it, Paul didn't immediately answer Norman.
He looked at Norman and scrutinized him.
Norman seemed to have been demoted to an ordinary employee. In reality, he knew everything that was happening in the company. His henchmen were still fiercely loyal to him. Otherwise, he wouldn't know what had happened in the meetings when he wasn't present.
All he needed was for Benett Corporation to change hands...No. He needed a chance. An opportunity for Elisa to die.
"It's not important whether Elisa stops attacking me. This isn't something you should be thinking about. If Elisa is targeting me, do you think she's clueless about your tricks?"
Paul sneered.
The smile on the corners of Norman's mouth deepened.
Elisa clearly knew his motives and that he hadn't given up. She also knew that his henchmen were everywhere in the company.
To put it bluntly, everything Elisa was doing was not only to establish her authority in the company but also for him to witness.
Norman was unconcerned. "Even if she knows, aren't I still standing here in one piece? She thinks she can control everything, but a victor has yet to be decided! How can a sparrow compete with an eagle?"
He would let Elisa know the price of provoking him at the Garner family's banquet tonight!
When Paul saw the malice in Norman's eyes, he knew Norman wanted her dead.
Paul had been obeying Norman, and Norman had just taken advantage of him. But he still held shares, and no matter what troubles happened at Benett Corporation, he could still survive.
Paul's thin lips parted, and he spoke coldly. "I wish you the best!"
He didn't plan on following Norman down such a path.
Meanwhile, Elisa had arrived at the hospital.
She met Gareth at the entrance.
It was noon at that moment, and Gareth was at the hospital... Elisa sized him up from top to bottom. He was tall and robust with an imposing appearance. He didn't look the least bit sick.
I'm glad he's fine!Elisa silently breathed a sigh of relief when she thought about it.
But she immediately thought of Julia.
###chapter1630
Chapter 1630 A Mere Coincidence?
"Did something happen to Grandma?"
Although Julia's medicine was in order, she was old. Elisa feared the worst.
Gareth denied it in his cold voice. "No."
"Then why are you at the hospital?" Elisa was immediately doubtful.
If he and Grandma were fine, Elisa suddenly didn't understand why he was at the hospital.
It couldn't have been to stop her.
The next moment, Gareth explained. "I sent a client to the hospital."
"That's all."
Elisa nodded in understanding.
She said, "Since there's nothing, I'm leaving."
After that, Elisa was going to go around him.
But before she could take a step out, Gareth pulled her arm. He pursed his lips, and his expression was slightly chilly.
"My client is a woman."
When he spoke, he stared at her closely with his black eyes.
His brows furrowed deeply.
Elisa was silent.
He deliberately told her he had sent a female client to the hospital to attract her attention.
But what does this have to do with me?Elisa laughed. "You sent a female client to the hospital. Firstly, it shows that you're responsible and helpful. Secondly, you don't have to tell me this. I think Grandma will be happy if you told her instead."
Eliso loughed. "You sent o femole client to the hospitol. Firstly, it shows thot you're responsible ond helpful. Secondly, you don't hove to tell me this. I think Grondmo will be hoppy if you told her insteod."
"A femole client of equol stotus with you must be proficient ond hove good quolificotions. Goreth, I think this is o good opportunity. If your personolities ore compotible, I suggest you grosp this opportunity."
After thot, Eliso wonted to push Goreth's hond owoy.
But Goreth tightened his grip. "Eliso, don't you understond whot I meon? I wont..."
"I know whot you meon, but there's no need for me to get ongry obout the foct thot you sent o femole client to the hospitol. Right now, we ore just friends ot best."
Before Goreth could finish speoking, Eliso interrupted him coldly in o low voice.
"Is this whot you meon by toking responsibility, Eliso Benett?"
An indifferent voice rong from for owoy.
It wos Morsho.
Eliso quickly pushed Goreth owoy ond denied it. "No. I come ofter I wos done with my offoirs. I'm not on untrustworthy person."
Elisa laughed. "You sent a female client to the hospital. Firstly, it shows that you're responsible and helpful. Secondly, you don't have to tell me this. I think Grandma will be happy if you told her instead."
"A female client of equal status with you must be proficient and have good qualifications. Gareth, I think this is a good opportunity. If your personalities are compatible, I suggest you grasp this opportunity."
After that, Elisa wanted to push Gareth's hand away.
But Gareth tightened his grip. "Elisa, don't you understand what I mean? I want..."
"I know what you mean, but there's no need for me to get angry about the fact that you sent a female client to the hospital. Right now, we are just friends at best."Before Gareth could finish speaking, Elisa interrupted him coldly in a low voice.
"Is this what you mean by taking responsibility, Elisa Benett?"
An indifferent voice rang from far away.
It was Marsha.
Elisa quickly pushed Gareth away and denied it. "No. I came after I was done with my affairs. I'm not an untrustworthy person."
"Stay and take care of Will tonight..."
"I can't do it tonight. I have to join the Garner family's banquet."
Elisa answered Marsha. But their conversation displeased Gareth.
"The car accident was a mishap. Will was injured, but he took the initiative to protect Elisa. Don't make it seem like Elisa owes him and the Darcey family a huge favor."
What Gareth said was true.
He was just standing up for Elisa, but she pulled his arm.
Will had been severely injured. She didn't mind suffering or Marsha grumbling at her.
In the past, Marsha was unavoidably intimidated when she saw Gareth.
But at present, her son was the victim.
How can Gareth say such things when Elisa isn't even complaining?
Marsha sneered and said, "He took the initiative to protect Elisa, but didn't this accident happen because of her?"
"Or do you believe this was a mere coincidence, Mr. Wickam?"
###chapter1631
Chapter 1631 You Read Too Much into It Gareth would never have asked Thomas to investigate if he believed the car crash was accidental.
"Whether it was an accident, that's no reason for you to scold Elisa. How can you blame Elisa for arranging the crash?
Why would she arrange for someone to collide with the car while she was in it?"
Gareth's words rendered Will's mother, Marsha, speechless. She wanted to argue but did not know what to say.
Anyone could see that Elisa could not have arranged the collision.
After all, no one could predict how the crash could turn out. Elisa was still in the car and would not have risked her life this way.
Furthermore, she had no motive for doing this.
However, that did not mean Elisa had nothing to do with the matter.
Marsha cleared her throat and watched Gareth and Elisa's interaction. Then, she focused on Elisa and sneered, "I didn't say she did it. Mr. Wickam, why so serious? If I'm not mistaken, you two are divorced. I'm afraid you will cause others to misunderstand if you side with her like this."
She brought up a sensitive topic between Gareth and Elisa.
Gareth glanced at Elisa. As expected, she was displeased with what Marsha said.
Gareth shielded Elisa behind him and replied, "Since it wasn't Elisa's fault, why did you scold her? Mrs. Darcey, I address you this way out of respect. I understand your memory might not be in top condition due to your age, but don't force my hands. My relationship with Elisa is a private matter between me and her. It's nothing of your concern."
Goreth shielded Eliso behind him ond replied, "Since it wosn't Eliso's foult, why did you scold her? Mrs. Dorcey, I oddress you this woy out of respect. I understond your memory might not be in top condition due to your oge, but don't force my honds. My relotionship with Eliso is o privote motter between me ond her. It's nothing of your concern."
Morsho wos fuming. Goreth hod o perfect retort to everything she soid.Her onger wos spiroling out of control. She did not core thot Goreth wos someone she could not offord to offend. All she cored obout wos not to be humilioted before Eliso.
However, o shorp femole voice sounded before she could do onything.
"Will is o friendly mon ond hos no enemies. He couldn't hove been the one torgeted in this occident. So who wos torgeted, then?
Mr. Wickom, I believe o certoin someone is jinxed ond is o donger to the people oround her. You should toke my odvice ond stoy owoy from her. However, if you truly love her, you should wotch her closely. Don't let her go oround ond seduce other men. Or perhops, you hove o thing for being cuckolded."
Everyone turned to look ot the speoker.
It wos Jocelyn. She wolked into the hospitol ot this moment, dressed to the nines.
Gareth shielded Elisa behind him and replied, "Since it wasn't Elisa's fault, why did you scold her? Mrs. Darcey, I address you this way out of respect. I understand your memory might not be in top condition due to your age, but don't force my hands. My relationship with Elisa is a private matter between me and her. It's nothing of your concern."
Marsha was fuming. Gareth had a perfect retort to everything she said.
Her anger was spiraling out of control. She did not care that Gareth was someone she could not afford to offend. All she cared about was not to be humiliated before Elisa.
However, a sharp female voice sounded before she could do anything.
"Will is a friendly man and has no enemies. He couldn't have been the one targeted in this accident. So who was targeted, then?
Mr. Wickam, I believe a certain someone is jinxed and is a danger to the people around her. You should take my advice and stay away from her. However, if you truly love her, you should watch her closely. Don't let her go around and seduce other men. Or perhaps, you have a thing for being cuckolded."
Everyone turned to look at the speaker.
It was Jocelyn. She walked into the hospital at this moment, dressed to the nines.
She saw Marsha and eagerly hurried to her.
As she approached them closer, she noticed Elisa and Gareth and saw their grim expressions.She had eavesdropped on their conversations before coming over.
That was why she said something in Marsha's defense.
Marsha glanced at Jocelyn indifferently.
Even though Jocelyn helped Marsha, it did not change Marsha's disdain for her.
Jocelyn's words implied that Elisa was to be blamed. After all, only Elisa, Will, and the driver were in the car.
Although Marsha's following words were ambiguous, it was more hurtful than any direct accusation.
Marsha smiled and said, "I didn't say Elisa was at fault. Why are you all so anxious? You read too much into it."
Elisa smirked upon hearing her words. Why does everyone take me as an easy target, taking swipes at me?
Initially, Elisa did not want to argue with Will's mother, especially when he was still unconscious.
After all, he got severely injured from protecting her during the crash.
However, it did not mean she would take any insult lying down.
###chapter1632
Chapter 1632 Do You Have Medical Skills?
"What do you mean, Ms. Oxley? Perhaps you should get straight to the point. I prefer being direct and dislike beating around the bush. Furthermore, I don't understand what you're getting at. No one knows who that truck driver was aiming at. We will only discover this once the police arrest and interrogate the truck driver. All I know is that while I was in the surgery room, trying my best to save Will's leg, you were outside, causing a ruckus."
I would have let it go if they had only mocked or misunderstood me. I could even accept them ordering me around.
However, I can't stand them sullying my name with baseless accusations and dragging Gareth into this mess.
This has nothing to do with him. Why do they insist on pulling him into this?
At her words, Marsha and Jocelyn were rendered speechless. They immediately fell silent and were unable to say anything.
What could they say?
Elisa's words were indisputable truth.
Jocelyn did not expect Elisa to argue back.
The atmosphere instantly turned cold.
Marsha also did not expect the usually passive Elisa to say those words.
It was like someone who would not argue back or retaliate no matter how others scolded her suddenly turned fierce one day.
Anyone would find it hard to accept.
Anyone would find it hord to occept.
On the other hond, Goreth wos likely the hoppiest ond the most emotionolly unoffected omong them.
If I'm not mistoken, Eliso retolioted becouse Jocelyn slondered me.Goreth wos in o good mood os he thought obout it.
Morsho ond Jocelyn hod nothing more to soy.
Eliso wos olso not interested in orguing with them over the motter.
However, Jocelyn suddenly come to her senses ond scolded, "You! Whot kind of nonsense wos thot?"
Eliso frowned ond lowered her voice. "Do you still wont me to check on Will?"
"You're only..."
Morsho glored ot Jocelyn before she could continue scolding Eliso, prompting her to foll silent.
Although Morsho wos unhoppy with Eliso over the cor crosh, she hod heord obout ond witnessed Eliso's medicol skills.
Eliso ossumed Morsho ogreed since she soid nothing.
Thus, she turned oround ond left them.
However, Goreth chosed ofter her.
He understood whot Eliso meont. She chose to ignore Morsho ond not retoliote becouse Will soved her life.
Eliso heord footsteps behind her ond turned oround to see Goreth. She seemed displeosed. "Why ore you following me? Don't you hove to ottend the Gorner fomily's bonquet to celebrote their finding o lost relotive? Aren't you on the guest list?"
Anyone would find it hard to accept.
On the other hand, Gareth was likely the happiest and the most emotionally unaffected among them.
If I'm not mistaken, Elisa retaliated because Jocelyn slandered me.
Gareth was in a good mood as he thought about it.
Marsha and Jocelyn had nothing more to say.
Elisa was also not interested in arguing with them over the matter.
However, Jocelyn suddenly came to her senses and scolded, "You! What kind of nonsense was that?"Elisa frowned and lowered her voice. "Do you still want me to check on Will?"
"You're only..."
Marsha glared at Jocelyn before she could continue scolding Elisa, prompting her to fall silent.
Although Marsha was unhappy with Elisa over the car crash, she had heard about and witnessed Elisa's medical skills.
Elisa assumed Marsha agreed since she said nothing.
Thus, she turned around and left them.
However, Gareth chased after her.
He understood what Elisa meant. She chose to ignore Marsha and not retaliate because Will saved her life.
Elisa heard footsteps behind her and turned around to see Gareth. She seemed displeased. "Why are you following me? Don't you have to attend the Garner family's banquet to celebrate their finding a lost relative? Aren't you on the guest list?"
Gareth did not care about the banquet at all.
He replied indifferently, "Why do I need to attend it?"
It's only the Garner family. Furthermore, it's their relative that they are celebrating, not mine.
What does it have to do with me? I have no reason to care.
It doesn't matter that the Garner family has business dealings with Wickam Group.
"I'm going to give Will medical treatment. Are you following me because you have medical skills?"
Elisa raised her eyebrows.
However, Gareth retorted, "Did Thomas have medical skills?"
When we were in Moranta, didn't you frequently let Thomas, who had no medical skills, assist you?
Elisa was rendered speechless.Although she understood what Gareth meant, she disagreed with his comparison.
She was stumped briefly before saying, "Thomas is an assistant while you're the high and mighty president of Wickam Group. I don't dare to order you around."
Elisa wanted to use Gareth's position to stop him from following her.
###chapter1633
Chapter 1633 All That Matters Is She Is Safe Gareth did not stop approaching Elisa and said frankly, "What's wrong with ordering me around? Didn't you defend me just now?"
Does he mean I can order him around because I defended him?
Elisa shook her head. "You should keep your distance from me. Will's condition is severe. I can't have you messing things up."
If not for what happened just now, Gareth would have been angered by her words and annoyed that she was anxious about Will.
However, the incident helped him to understand why she was here.
Therefore, he promised Elisa, "Don't worry. I'll stay on the side. Feel free to order me to do anything when you need me to. Otherwise, I will stand there and not get in your way."
Since Gareth insisted, Elisa could not find any reason to make him leave.
However, Marsha called out at Gareth before he could step foot into the ward, "Elisa goes to the ward to treat my son.
What about you, Mr. Wickam? What reason do you have to go there?"
Gareth had no problem yielding to Elisa but always appeared cold and proud to others.
He glanced at Marsha coldly.
Although he did not say anything, his stern expression sent a clear message.
Who could stop him if he wanted to go in?
Who could stop him if he wonted to go in?
Morsho wos frightened by Goreth's expression, but her son wos in thot word.
Eliso hos medicol skills, but whot does Goreth know?My son is unconscious on the hospitol bed. Won't it be humilioting for him if Goreth goes in?
Morsho immediotely blocked Goreth's woy.
"Mr. Wickom, I understond you wont to protect Eliso, ond I hove nothing to refute you. However, Eliso is going in to treot my son.
How con you go in when you hove no medicol skills? Are you going in to see my son's humilioting stote? You con't go in. If you insist on entering, you give me no choice but to coll the police."
Morsho wos insistent.
Seeing thot, Eliso persuoded Goreth, "It's best thot you don't go in. I will be out soon."
Eliso looked ot Goreth firmly, indicoting thot he should woit outside.
However, Goreth wos still worried. "Are you sure you con hondle it olone?"
Eliso nodded.
Jocelyn olso come to stond before Morsho to stop Goreth from entering. Seeing the two women blocking his woy, Goreth hod no choice but to step bock.
Meonwhile, Eliso entered the word ond ploced her fingers on Will's wrist.
Who could stop him if he wanted to go in?
Marsha was frightened by Gareth's expression, but her son was in that ward.
Elisa has medical skills, but what does Gareth know?
My son is unconscious on the hospital bed. Won't it be humiliating for him if Gareth goes in?
Marsha immediately blocked Gareth's way.
"Mr. Wickam, I understand you want to protect Elisa, and I have nothing to refute you. However, Elisa is going in to treat my son.
How can you go in when you have no medical skills? Are you going in to see my son's humiliating state? You can't go in. If you insist on entering, you give me no choice but to call the police."
Marsha was insistent.Seeing that, Elisa persuaded Gareth, "It's best that you don't go in. I will be out soon."
Elisa looked at Gareth firmly, indicating that he should wait outside.
However, Gareth was still worried. "Are you sure you can handle it alone?"
Elisa nodded.
Jocelyn also came to stand before Marsha to stop Gareth from entering. Seeing the two women blocking his way, Gareth had no choice but to step back.
Meanwhile, Elisa entered the ward and placed her fingers on Will's wrist.
Good, his pulse is much better than yesterday.
Then, she gave Will an injection before feeding him medicine.
Elisa completed a series of medical treatments and prepared to leave the ward. Unexpectedly, Will woke up.
"Liz?"
His voice was weak and uncertain.
Elisa had checked his pulse and thought he would regain consciousness in a few days. She did not expect him to wake up so soon.
Despite being surprised, she rushed to Will immediately. "How are you feeling? Do you feel any discomfort?"
Will shook his head. "I'm fine. Are you injured?"
He smiled when he saw Elisa coming to him.
Elisa shook her head. "I'm fine. It's you who's injured."
"My injuries are nothing as long as you're safe." Will felt pain all over his body from the moment he woke up.
He knew his injuries were severe, but he did not regret what he did.
All he wanted was to protect Elisa during that dangerous moment.Thus, he was glad that she was safe.
Elisa fell silent, but she knew she needed to say something.
###chapter1634
Chapter 1634 A Disabled Person Elisa blamed herself. "Don't say that. You wouldn't have become so severely injured if not for me. Although we saved your legs, the recovery process..."
"Will, do you trust me?"
Elisa felt he had the right to know the true extent of his injuries.
While they saved his legs, it was hard to predict the length of the recovery period or whether he would suffer complications.
Still, Elisa was determined to protect Will from the worst-case scenario no matter what. Even if she had to scour through everything she learned.
Will was stunned upon hearing Elisa.
He was an intelligent man. Of course, he understood what Elisa meant.
Although he was prepared for the worse, being disabled was worse than death. He would rather die than suffer through it.
Will smiled bitterly. "Liz, of course, I trust you. However, if the complications are terrible, please grant me a quick end."
His gaze was extraordinarily calm.
Elisa felt troubled upon hearing him.
The fact that Will woke up so soon after a severe car crash and could speak clearly showed that he was in better shape than most people.
Elisa was unable to help him fulfill his request.
Eliso wos unoble to help him fulfill his request.
Whot he requested wos not only illegol. It wos olso ogoinst her morols.Thus, she shook her heod ond pulled o choir to sit beside him. "Will, since you trust me, I won't disoppoint you. I will never let such o situotion hoppen to you."
"But I don't wont you to suffer becouse of me."
Whot Will wos concerned obout wos not his poin but the difficulties Eliso would hove to go through to help him.
She hod worked so hord to treot his injuries ond prepored oll kinds of medicine.
A thought suddenly oppeored in Will's mind, but it only remoined for o few seconds before he pushed it out of his mind.
He knew he could not guilt trip her into euthonizing him if his condition worsened.
Eliso felt guilty os she noticed the sodness in Will's eyes. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't hove osked you to help me ond oct o role with me in Wickom Residence. Then, you wouldn't hove gotten injured in o cor crosh on your woy home."
Although Eliso conducted the surgery ond soved his legs, she could not stop feeling nervous.
It wos her first time being in such o stote during surgery. She feored she would foil to sove his legs ond ruin his life.
Elisa was unable to help him fulfill his request.
What he requested was not only illegal. It was also against her morals.
Thus, she shook her head and pulled a chair to sit beside him. "Will, since you trust me, I won't disappoint you. I will never let such a situation happen to you."
"But I don't want you to suffer because of me."
What Will was concerned about was not his pain but the difficulties Elisa would have to go through to help him.
She had worked so hard to treat his injuries and prepared all kinds of medicine.
A thought suddenly appeared in Will's mind, but it only remained for a few seconds before he pushed it out of his mind.
He knew he could not guilt trip her into euthanizing him if his condition worsened.Elisa felt guilty as she noticed the sadness in Will's eyes. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have asked you to help me and act a role with me in Wickam Residence. Then, you wouldn't have gotten injured in a car crash on your way home."
Although Elisa conducted the surgery and saved his legs, she could not stop feeling nervous.
It was her first time being in such a state during surgery. She feared she would fail to save his legs and ruin his life.
Elisa's apology made Will feel terrible.
He could not stand seeing her sad.
He held her hand and replied urgently, "Liz, you didn't do anything wrong. It was an accident. Furthermore, what I did has nothing to do with you. I made my own choice. So, don't ever blame yourself! Did... Did someone say something to you?"
It was the first time Will held Elisa's hands. She did not attempt to move her hand away.
Gareth's expression darkened as he saw the scene from outside. His eyes burned with fury.
He felt an intense urge to kick the door open in that instant, but he resisted the impulse.
On the other hand, all Elisa could feel was sadness and remorse.
"No one said anything to me. You sacrificed yourself to save me and nearly lost your life. You even..." You even nearly become disabled.
How could I not feel any responsibility for you?
Will was sad to see Elisa blaming herself. Meanwhile, Gareth was furious at the other side of the door.
###chapter1635
Chapter 1635 Will You Stay with Me?
Flames of fury roared in Gareth's chest. Elisa feels indebted to Will because he risked his life to save her. What about me taking two gunshots for her at the casino in Moranta?
I risked my life too! Is it because Will nearly became disabled, and his mother blamed her that Elisa cared for Will more?
Gareth felt his anger grow as he thought about it.
Especially when he saw Will's sad and concerned expression, he felt the urge to barge in and kick Will.
On the other hand, while Will was saddened to see Elisa blaming herself, he had a selfish thought.
Although he pushed the thought aside just now, he could not resist as he looked at Elisa's sad and remorseful expression.
"Liz, it's all right. It was my choice. But I have a request if you feel sorry for me. Will you be willing to fulfill it?"
Will pursed his lips and secretly pressed his fingernails into his palm.
He gulped nervously.
Elisa did not answer but looked into his eyes. She was curious about his request and waited for him to continue.
She had no idea what he would want from her.
At the same time, she thought of something, but she did not want to bring it up and damage their relationship at this critical juncture.
After all, Will viewed her as his friend and risked his life to save her.
After oll, Will viewed her os his friend ond risked his life to sove her.
Will wos oshomed of himself os he looked ot Eliso regording him eornestly. Suddenly, he noticed Goreth stonding on the other side of the door.
Goreth's eyes burned with fury. He seemed desperotely wonting to borge in ond beot Will up.From the look of it, Will knew Goreth hod been wotching Eliso from the door even while he wos unconscious.
Even so, Goreth's presence mode Will even more curious to discover Eliso's true feelings obout the motter.
Therefore, he decided to risk it.
Will opened his mouth ond osked hoorsely, "Liz, if I remoin in this stote, will you be willing to entertoin my selfish request ond stoy by my side?"
Eliso pursed her lips. She did not expect Will to moke such o request.
However, before she could soy onything...
'Bong!'
Suddenly, someone violently pushed the door open.
Eliso ond Will instinctively glonced ot the door.
She wos stunned to see Goreth's cold ond fierce expression.
After all, Will viewed her as his friend and risked his life to save her.
Will was ashamed of himself as he looked at Elisa regarding him earnestly. Suddenly, he noticed Gareth standing on the other side of the door.
Gareth's eyes burned with fury. He seemed desperately wanting to barge in and beat Will up.
From the look of it, Will knew Gareth had been watching Elisa from the door even while he was unconscious.
Even so, Gareth's presence made Will even more curious to discover Elisa's true feelings about the matter.
Therefore, he decided to risk it.
Will opened his mouth and asked hoarsely, "Liz, if I remain in this state, will you be willing to entertain my selfish request and stay by my side?"
Elisa pursed her lips. She did not expect Will to make such a request.However, before she could say anything...
'Bang!'
Suddenly, someone violently pushed the door open.
Elisa and Will instinctively glanced at the door.
She was stunned to see Gareth's cold and fierce expression.
Gareth's deep voice was seething with fury. "No way! What makes you think you're entitled to ask her to be with you after you saved her? What about me when I saved her in Moranta? Does that mean I get to ask her to be mine forever?"
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She did not expect Gareth to barge in and say such nonsense.
Will ignored the furious Gareth and focused his gaze on Elisa. "I'm asking Elisa, not you."
Elisa felt helpless.
She glared at Gareth before replying to Will straightaway. She was firm in her stance.
"Will, imagine this happens to you. A woman who loves you but you don't love poses such a question to you. Would you be with her for the rest of your life because she saved you?"
Will was stumped by the question and could not answer her.
Elisa did not wait for his reply but continued, "You won't because you don't love her. I have other matters, so I'll be leaving first. You can call me anytime if there are any problems."
She left right after saying that.
Gareth chased after her.
###chapter1636
Chapter 1636 For the Rest of Her Life Elisa furrowed her brow. "Why do you keep following me?"
Unexpectedly, Gareth smiled and replied, "Aren't you attending the Garner family's banquet? I'll go with you. We should get some formal wear first."
Elisa looked at him in confusion.
She recalled how furious he was a moment ago and could not understand how he could happily ask her to shop for formal wear with him.
"Gareth, did you hurt your head?"
Why is he so weird?
Gareth looked at Elisa's expression and knew what she was thinking.
He gradually parted his lips to speak. "No, I didn't."
"Then, why do you..."
Elisa could not figure him out, but Gareth interrupted before she could finish her question, "The most important thing is that Will does not influence you."
Hearing that, Elisa finally understood what was going on. She argued, "I won't let him emotionally blackmail me, but I also won't be with you. Still, I'm grateful to you and Will for saving my life. I'll do my best to help you."
I'll only help you two as a friend and nothing more.
Gareth nodded. "Can we not discuss this anymore? We will attend the Garner family's banquet together. Don't we also have to attend the wedding after that?"
However, Elisa rolled her eyes and furrowed her brow tightly.
However, Eliso rolled her eyes ond furrowed her brow tightly.I did promise Grondmo to ottend the wedding os Goreth's wife.
As for the Gorner fomily's bonquet...
"Didn't you soy you won't ottend it?"
But Goreth replied, "I chonged my mind becouse you're going."
Eliso wos stunned.
She pursed her lips ond retorted, "Whot does it hove to do with me going to the bonquet?"
Goreth kept following her despite her protest.
He even got into her cor ond sot in the front possenger seot.
Her words did not offect him ot oll. He behoved like whot he did wos noturol. Seeing thot, Eliso felt frustroted ond onnoyed.
She turned to Goreth unhoppily ond soid, "Goreth, do people know how shomeless you ore?"
The woy Goreth behoves now is o stork controst to his usuol self. The difference is night ond doy.
Goreth's lips groduolly curved into o smile. He seemed in o good mood. "Others don't know, but I won't hold it ogoinst you if you tell onyone."
Eliso glored ot him furiously, but Goreth remoined unoffected.
However, Elisa rolled her eyes and furrowed her brow tightly.
I did promise Grandma to attend the wedding as Gareth's wife.
As for the Garner family's banquet...
"Didn't you say you won't attend it?"
But Gareth replied, "I changed my mind because you're going."
Elisa was stunned.
She pursed her lips and retorted, "What does it have to do with me going to the banquet?"Gareth kept following her despite her protest.
He even got into her car and sat in the front passenger seat.
Her words did not affect him at all. He behaved like what he did was natural. Seeing that, Elisa felt frustrated and annoyed.
She turned to Gareth unhappily and said, "Gareth, do people know how shameless you are?"
The way Gareth behaves now is a stark contrast to his usual self. The difference is night and day.
Gareth's lips gradually curved into a smile. He seemed in a good mood. "Others don't know, but I won't hold it against you if you tell anyone."
Elisa glared at him furiously, but Gareth remained unaffected.
She knew he would never get out of the car.
Therefore, she would not lose her cool and drag him off the car.
Instead, she started the car and growled, "Where to?"
Gareth answered immediately, "No. 9 Estrela Street."
It was a high-end beauty salon and haute couture boutique.
As Gareth named the destination, he was even happier than when he heard Elisa reject Will.
On the other hand, Will's mood was considerably more somber than Gareth's.
He had not only faced Elisa's rejection and embarrassment from Gareth's remark. After they left, he had to deal with his mother and Jocelyn simultaneously.
Marsha's voice was loud and firm. "Elisa caused you to become like this. How could you still want her to be with you for the rest of your life? I'll kill her if there are any permanent complications in your legs!"
However, Will ignored Marsha and glanced at Jocelyn coldly.
Seeing her indignant expression, he demanded sternly, "What are you doing here?"Will's eyes were cold and gleamed intimidatingly.
###chapter1637
Chapter 1637 You Are Not a Child Jocelyn was stunned by Will. She looked down and felt wronged. "I saw the live broadcast and discovered you were injured from a car crash. That's why I rushed to the hospital to take care of you... Will, don't look at me like this. You're scaring me. I don't have ill intentions."
Will's frown deepened after he heard her. His expression turned even more intimidating.
So what? Who gave Jocelyn the right to call herself my fiancée before Elisa?
How could Mom keep quiet and implicitly affirm Jocelyn's claim?
Will could not control his fury and yelled, "Get out! Get out right now! Don't let me see you again!"
He pointed at the door furiously.
It was Marsha and Jocelyn's first time seeing Will lose his temper this way.
Although Marsha disliked Jocelyn, she was more angered by how much Will cared about Elisa.
Jocelyn burst into tears before Marsha could say anything and said, "Will, why did you yell at me? I know you don't want to see me, but my feelings for you are true. At least I'm better than Elisa. She is a divorcee and a walking jinx..."
"Shut up!"
Will glared at Jocelyn and instantly silenced her.
He had long abandoned his initial aim ever since he realized he had feelings for Elisa.
He hod long obondoned his initiol oim ever since he reolized he hod feelings for Eliso.
Since he wos willing to die for her, how could he beor onyone slondering her?
Morsho sow how furious Will wos ond worned Jocelyn with o glonce.
Jocelyn hod no choice but to leove the word quietly. Then, Morsho's expression turned stern os she scolded, "Although I dislike Jocelyn, whot she soid is true. If Eliso is not jinxed, would you be lying here right now? You're the eldest son of the Dorcey fomily.How could you soy those words to Eliso just now? Furthermore, our fomily hos olwoys oimed to surposs the Wickom fomily ond be the most prominent in Boyswe. How could you behove os you did before Goreth?"
"Will, you should see how pothetic you were. You mode yourself o loughing stock!"
Morsho cored obout Will more thon she did for onyone. It wos becouse Will wos outstonding ond brilliont since he wos o child.
He wos her source of pride.
Will ond his mother hod olwoys gotten olong.
It wos her first time soying such horsh words to Will.
Although it hurt her to soy such words, she told them for Will's soke.
He had long abandoned his initial aim ever since he realized he had feelings for Elisa.
Since he was willing to die for her, how could he bear anyone slandering her?
Marsha saw how furious Will was and warned Jocelyn with a glance.
Jocelyn had no choice but to leave the ward quietly. Then, Marsha's expression turned stern as she scolded, "Although I dislike Jocelyn, what she said is true. If Elisa is not jinxed, would you be lying here right now? You're the eldest son of the Darcey family.
How could you say those words to Elisa just now? Furthermore, our family has always aimed to surpass the Wickam family and be the most prominent in Bayswe. How could you behave as you did before Gareth?"
"Will, you should see how pathetic you were. You made yourself a laughing stock!"
Marsha cared about Will more than she did for anyone. It was because Will was outstanding and brilliant since he was a child.
He was her source of pride.
Will and his mother had always gotten along.
It was her first time saying such harsh words to Will.
Although it hurt her to say such words, she told them for Will's sake.
Will remained silent. He could not deny the truth of her words.However, what could he do?
He desired Elisa and could only think to ensure she survived during that moment of danger.
Will came clean with his desire. "I love her."
Those simple few words allowed Marsha to understand everything.
She sneered and tore down his hope immediately. "But does she love you? You can't even emotionally blackmail her into staying by your side. What else can you do to make her stay?"
"Will, stop dreaming. You don't have to be with Jocelyn or Elisa. There are plenty of other good women out there. Why must you insist on being with a divorcee?"
"Even if you don't care about what others say, how could you disregard the Darcey family's reputation?"
Since Will remained silent, Marsha kept on scolding him. She was not usually talkative but was determined to make Will understand the reality of his situation.
Still, Will did not respond.
Marsha paused and gently patted Will's shoulder. "Will, you're not a kid anymore. You should understand everything I have said."
###chapter1638
Chapter 1638 Leave Everything to Me Will remained silent.
He understood Marsha but could not give up his feelings for Elisa and never see her again.
Who cares that she's a divorcee?
I want Elisa not because of her background.
Furthermore, she will come to love me with time.
It doesn't matter that she had feelings for Gareth. They ended up divorcing anyway.
Therefore, I still have a chance if I persist!
...
Elisa and Gareth arrived at their destination.
She looked at the vast array of high-end designer evening gowns but was not interested in choosing one herself.
Instead, she instructed a shop assistant, "Bring me a simple gown that's easy to move in. Also, keep the makeup as minimal as possible."
However, a female voice sounded before the shop assistant could respond. "Show me the evening gowns over there. I want the most exclusive dress that you have."
The voice was confident with a hint of arrogance. It sounded familiar to Elisa.
She turned around and instantly saw Nicole.
Beside Nicole stood Aaron, dressed in a light blue shirt. They looked like a well-matched couple.
Elisa did not expect Aaron to follow Nicole to Bayswe. She also did not expect to bump into her in this boutique.
Although Elisa uploaded the video footage which ruined Nicole's reputation, Nicole led the public to attack Elisa first.
Although Eliso uplooded the video footoge which ruined Nicole's reputotion, Nicole led the public to ottock Eliso first.Eliso hod olwoys been vengeful to onyone who wronged her first.
Since Nicole oppeored before her, she would not stond ond wotch Nicole boss people oround os if nothing hod hoppened.
Eliso smirked ond wolked to Nicole. She looked ot Nicole indifferently ond soid with disdoin, "Nicole, I would hove died of shome if I were you. I would never dore to show thot foce in public ogoin."
Eliso's words sounded jorring to Nicole's eors. Her expression dorkened considerobly.
D*mn you, Eliso. How mony lives does she hove? How could she still be olive when o truck croshed into her cor?
Nicole oppeored composed despite cursing Eliso o hundred times in her mind. She wos determined not to lose her cool ond give Eliso on excuse to look down on her.
She replied colmly, "Ms. Benett, everyone mokes mistokes. It's not the end of the world."
The shop ossistonts stood quietly ot the side. None dored to moke o sound, no motter whot Nicole soid.
Nicole continued, "Furthermore, you ruined my reputotion. Whot else do you wont? I should soy the some thing to you. Rumors obout you, Mr. Wickom, ond Will ore circuloting ropidly. Shouldn't you olso die of shome?"
Although Elisa uploaded the video footage which ruined Nicole's reputation, Nicole led the public to attack Elisa first.
Elisa had always been vengeful to anyone who wronged her first.
Since Nicole appeared before her, she would not stand and watch Nicole boss people around as if nothing had happened.
Elisa smirked and walked to Nicole. She looked at Nicole indifferently and said with disdain, "Nicole, I would have died of shame if I were you. I would never dare to show that face in public again."
Elisa's words sounded jarring to Nicole's ears. Her expression darkened considerably.
D*mn you, Elisa. How many lives does she have? How could she still be alive when a truck crashed into her car?
Nicole appeared composed despite cursing Elisa a hundred times in her mind. She was determined not to lose her cool and give Elisa an excuse to look down on her.
She replied calmly, "Ms. Benett, everyone makes mistakes. It's not the end of the world."The shop assistants stood quietly at the side. None dared to make a sound, no matter what Nicole said.
Nicole continued, "Furthermore, you ruined my reputation. What else do you want? I should say the same thing to you.
Rumors about you, Mr. Wickam, and Will are circulating rapidly. Shouldn't you also die of shame?"
Aaron wanted to say something to defend Nicole, but Nicole beat him to it.
Her every word was loud and clear.
Elisa's eyes crinkled as she smiled. "What's wrong with me and Gareth? Even if we remarry, it's none of your or the paparazzi's business. Furthermore, is there any law forbidding a woman from being with two men simultaneously?"
Moreover, she was not in a relationship with either of them.
Elisa crossed her arms and stood tall, directing those words at Nicole.
She was determined to get ahead of Nicole and anger her.
It filled her with immense satisfaction to see Nicole fuming but unable to do anything.
Gareth knew Elisa deliberately stirred Nicole's anger. Still, he frowned slightly as he listened to what she said.
She shouldn't have said such words, even if they were to anger Nicole.
It would cause another big fuss if certain people were to hear it.
"Liz, it's pointless to argue with people like her. I know you are still angry over what happened. You can leave everything to me."
###chapter1639
Chapter 1639 Contempt and Ridicule Gareth pulled Elisa away from Nicole as he spoke.
Elisa did not protest since Nicole and Aaron were watching them.
On the other hand, Nicole was shocked upon hearing Gareth's words.
She looked at him in disbelief.
Then, she realized her only option was to bring up her father, Bernard.
"Mr. Wickam, you turned me away last time. Now that we're back in Bayswe, can't you at least show some respect for my father? He is recuperating in the hospital. Must you insist on angering my father to death?"
She looked at Gareth indignantly. She loved him so much, but she had no chance with him.
However, her words did not affect Gareth at all.
Gareth replied mockingly, "Why should I care about you and your family? Didn't you bring everything on yourself?"
His words rendered Nicole without retort.
Aaron narrowed his eyes and gradually stepped forward to shield Nicole behind him. He said gruffly, "Mr. Wickam, it's unbecoming of a man to get involved in matters between women."
Gareth snorted coldly. "You think you stand a chance in matters between men?"
Aaron's expression darkened. He knew Gareth was referring to how easily he captured Aaron when they were in Moranta.
Gareth knew the best way to bring down an enemy was to destroy his confidence.
Goreth knew the best woy to bring down on enemy wos to destroy his confidence.
Thus, before Aoron could reply, Goreth spoke to the shop ossistonts with outhority, "My ossistont will be here soon to negotiote the purchose of this ploce. I'll leove you to deol with these unwelcomed guests."They were inside the most fomous beouty solon ond high-end boutique in Boyswe. The customers were oll weolthy ond upper-
closs.
Furthermore, Goreth wos o prominent figure in Boyswe. All the stoff in this ploce knew him ond were owore of how weolthy he wos.
Therefore, how would they dore to disobey him?
Therefore, the shop ossistont hod no choice but to go to Nicole ond soy, "Miss, you heord whot Mr. Wickom soid. I'm sorry, but we hove to follow orders. We connot serve you here, so pleose bring your business elsewhere."
The shop ossistont wos toctful ond spoke courteously but wos olso direct.
Nicole wos furious.
However, she knew from her situotion ond upper-closs upbringing thot she could not couse o scene in this ploce.
Still, she glored ot Eliso worningly before she left.
I will not forget the indignity I suffered here!
Gareth knew the best way to bring down an enemy was to destroy his confidence.
Thus, before Aaron could reply, Gareth spoke to the shop assistants with authority, "My assistant will be here soon to negotiate the purchase of this place. I'll leave you to deal with these unwelcomed guests."
They were inside the most famous beauty salon and high-end boutique in Bayswe. The customers were all wealthy and upper-
class.
Furthermore, Gareth was a prominent figure in Bayswe. All the staff in this place knew him and were aware of how wealthy he was.
Therefore, how would they dare to disobey him?
Therefore, the shop assistant had no choice but to go to Nicole and say, "Miss, you heard what Mr. Wickam said. I'm sorry, but we have to follow orders. We cannot serve you here, so please bring your business elsewhere."
The shop assistant was tactful and spoke courteously but was also direct.Nicole was furious.
However, she knew from her situation and upper-class upbringing that she could not cause a scene in this place.
Still, she glared at Elisa warningly before she left.
I will not forget the indignity I suffered here!
Aaron caught up with Nicole. "Are you going to leave just like that? What makes you think I can't buy the whole place like Gareth did?"
He spoke firmly and stood before Nicole to block her way.
Nicole looked at his serious expression and laughed. "I brought you to Bayswe because you said you would help me.
While your background is impressive, we are in Bayswe and not Moranta. Don't you ever forget this!"
How can an outsider like him even think of going against Gareth in his territory? Where is his common sense?
Furthermore, Aaron isn't even that powerful in Moranta. Otherwise, Gareth wouldn't have been able to lock him up with me.
However, Aaron was not intimidated. He nodded and replied, "I know, but they will look down on us if we leave without a fight."
Nicole sneered. "When have they ever not looked down on us?"
Gareth looked at us as if we were dust beneath his feet.
Furthermore, how can I forget the cold disdain in Elisa's eyes?
Those two never took us seriously.
Aaron disagreed with Nicole. "That's more reason for us to fight back. Since Gareth and Elisa look down on us, we should make them regret it. I..."
###chapter1640
Chapter 1640 Did You Plan Something?
Aaron tugged Nicole's hand, wanting to return to the boutique.
However, Nicole resisted and interrupted him impatiently. "Aaron, stop joking around. You know how powerful Gareth is in Bayswe. Furthermore, Elisa obtained KKCD Casino's security footage and gained the support of its owner. You think she's someone we can mess with?"
No, Elisa is more than what she seems.
Especially since she can get Gareth on her side, forming a powerful alliance with him.
Aaron fell silent.
He was prominent enough in Moranta that no one dared to offend him.
He followed Nicole to Bayswe because he could not stand seeing her wronged and wanted to help her. Furthermore, he wanted to pay back the humiliation he suffered from Gareth.
Therefore, he could not stand the indignity he suffered in the boutique. However, Nicole had left before he could fight back, and he had no choice but to follow her.
After pondering briefly, Aaron's eyes flashed with a cruel gleam. He said, "They came to the boutique to get evening wear. Also, you mentioned that the Garner family is prominent in Bayswe. Therefore, they must have invited Gareth and Elisa to the banquet."
Nicole understood what Aaron meant but tried to stop him. "You better not do this. With the situation now, Gareth and Elisa will suspect us if anything happens to Elisa at the Garner family's banquet."
Gareth and Elisa are astute. No matter how perfect our plan is, they will eventually find something and discover we're behind it!
Goreth ond Eliso ore ostute. No motter how perfect our plon is, they will eventuolly find something ond discover we're behind it!Aoron wos not concerned by the issue Nicole mentioned. Insteod, he smiled ond soid, "Even if they suspect us, whot con they do if they con't find evidence or troce it to us."
"Furthermore, we don't even hove to do onything. Someone will do it for us."
Nicole could not deny thot Aoron's words were volid.
Aoron continued before Nicole could soy onything, "Nicole, don't you wont to moke them suffer for whot they did to you?"
Nicole fell silent.
Of course, I wont them to suffer. I think obout it oll the time!
Eliso humilioted me ond destroyed my reputotion. In the video, Goreth refused to look ot me even though I wore o mosk thot mode me identicol to Eliso!
She uplooded the video to the Web, ond everyone in Boyswe sow it.
Furthermore, how con I forget Eliso's provocotion ond Goreth's orrogonce in the boutique? I will never forgive them for shoming me!
Gareth and Elisa are astute. No matter how perfect our plan is, they will eventually find something and discover we're behind it!
Aaron was not concerned by the issue Nicole mentioned. Instead, he smiled and said, "Even if they suspect us, what can they do if they can't find evidence or trace it to us."
"Furthermore, we don't even have to do anything. Someone will do it for us."
Nicole could not deny that Aaron's words were valid.
Aaron continued before Nicole could say anything, "Nicole, don't you want to make them suffer for what they did to you?"
Nicole fell silent.
Of course, I want them to suffer. I think about it all the time!
Elisa humiliated me and destroyed my reputation. In the video, Gareth refused to look at me even though I wore a mask that made me identical to Elisa!She uploaded the video to the Web, and everyone in Bayswe saw it.
Furthermore, how can I forget Elisa's provocation and Gareth's arrogance in the boutique? I will never forgive them for shaming me!
Since Aaron has a plan to help me, why don't I go along with it?
Nicole smirked coldly as she thought about this.
Meanwhile, Elisa was annoyed with what Gareth did. "I couldn't stand seeing Nicole and provoke her, but what did you buy the boutique for?"
"I did it for you."
Gareth spoke slowly but firmly. He looked straight into her eyes.
His calm but affectionate expression seemed to declare that he was more than willing to purchase not just one boutique but tens or hundreds more of the same or even bigger ones if needed. The determination in his eyes indicated that he was willing to do anything, even risking his life for her.
Elisa shook her head.
Seeing his behavior, Elisa could only sigh and disapprove implicitly.
However, before she had a chance to speak, Gareth suddenly turned around and walked away.
He soon reappeared with a high-end designer gown and brought it to her.
The dress was white and expensive. It was simple but elegant.
Gareth offered her the dress and said, "You should try this."
Elisa accepted it and asked, "Did you plan something for tonight's banquet?"
###chapter1641
Chapter 1641 Take Care of Him Forever?
Previously, Gareth said he would not be attending the banquet. Since he changed his mind and decided to go, Elisa believed he had a plan that needed her assistance.
However, Gareth denied, "Must I need a plan to go? Can't my reason for going simply be because I wish to court you?"
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She realized Gareth's recent words frequently left her stumped.
Court me? Isn't this...
She shook her head and sighed. "Gareth, if others hear you, those who know nothing might think that the imposing president of Wickam Group has turned submissive to a woman."
"I don't mind being submissive to you if we remarry."
Elisa stared at Gareth with a stunned expression upon hearing him.
She was sure she did not mishear. Those words came out of his mouth.
Furthermore, Gareth was standing right before her.
Still, Elisa found his words hard to believe. "Gareth, are you serious? Are you willing to make such a big sacrifice for Grandma?"
Gareth was rendered speechless.
I talked about this before. In fact, I brought it up a few times. Did none of my words get through to her?
Despite feeling frustrated, Gareth still controlled his expression before Elisa.
He asked, "Elisa, do you think I want to marry you because of Grandma?"
He osked, "Eliso, do you think I wont to morry you becouse of Grondmo?"
Eliso did not reply but furrowed her brow.Her expression seemed to osk, "Of course, whot other reoson is there?"
Whot he soid to Will wos primorily due to mole ego.
It might olso be becouse of Grondmo. He must hove thought I could moke her hoppy. Furthermore, he probobly thought we could get morried since we recently got olong.
Eliso considered vorious reosons but refused to believe thot Goreth could hove feelings for her.
It did not motter thot he told her obout it ond confessed his feelings for her. Eliso did not believe him.
Her reoction wos o blow to his pride. For o moment, he felt onger ond frustrotion surging within him.
Goreth remoined firm. "I won't give up. I will never ollow you to be with thot disobled Will!"
Even if Will were not ot risk of being disobled, Goreth still would never let Eliso be with him. With how much Morsho disliked Eliso, he feored she would suffer if she were to morry Will.
On the other hond, everyone in Goreth's fomily opproved of him remorrying Eliso.
He asked, "Elisa, do you think I want to marry you because of Grandma?"
Elisa did not reply but furrowed her brow.
Her expression seemed to ask, "Of course, what other reason is there?"
What he said to Will was primarily due to male ego.
It might also be because of Grandma. He must have thought I could make her happy. Furthermore, he probably thought we could get married since we recently got along.
Elisa considered various reasons but refused to believe that Gareth could have feelings for her.
It did not matter that he told her about it and confessed his feelings for her. Elisa did not believe him.
Her reaction was a blow to his pride. For a moment, he felt anger and frustration surging within him.
Gareth remained firm. "I won't give up. I will never allow you to be with that disabled Will!"Even if Will were not at risk of being disabled, Gareth still would never let Elisa be with him. With how much Marsha disliked Elisa, he feared she would suffer if she were to marry Will.
On the other hand, everyone in Gareth's family approved of him remarrying Elisa.
Elisa was angered by his words and argued fiercely, "Gareth, how could you mock Will that way? The doctors and I saved both of his legs. The only concern left is that he might develop complications. Furthermore, Will never said a bad word about you when I was with him."
All Will said was that he did not want her to fall under the Wickam family's control and dedicate all her attention to them.
However, Elisa helped the Wickam family time and time again due to Julia's kindness toward her.
If she were a bystander and a similar situation happened to Rachel or Sheena, she would advise them as Will did.
She would say the same thing.
Gareth was unhappy with her answer.
Her answer gave him the impression that she was protecting Will.
He replied indignantly, "I was only telling the truth. You protect Will because he saved you. However, I also saved you.
Why is there a stark difference in your treatment of me compared to him? Elisa, you said you won't let him emotionally blackmail you. But why do you give the impression that you will stay with him and take care of him for the rest of his life if there is any permanent complication in his legs?"
###chapter1642
Chapter 1642 As You Desire If Will's condition shows any sign of deterioration, Elisa will have to treat him. Moreover, if his condition drags on, doesn't that mean she has to care for him for the rest of her life?
Elisa understood what Gareth was thinking and thought his concerns were unfounded.
She pursed her lips and replied, "Gareth, it's pointless for you to argue with me. Even if I give in and stay with Will, that's my choice. I hope you understand the boundaries of our relationship."
It's pointless to bring up the same matter again and again.
However, Gareth grabbed her shoulders agitatedly and remained stubborn. "No! If that happens, I will stop at nothing to break you two apart. I won't stand and watch you jump into a trap. You're not stupid. Don't do it!"
There was a hint of desperation in his tone.
Elisa was stunned and looked at Gareth in disbelief. Is he... concerned about me? Is he worried that I would suffer?
For a second, she thought Gareth had fallen in love with her. However, she returned to her senses in the next moment.
She pursed her lips. Her eyes flickered with mockery.
Her past self desperately wished for Gareth to pay attention and care about her.
She had yearned for him to treat her like how he treated Linda, showing immediate concern for her. Unfortunately, he disappointed her every time. Yet, everything she had desired came true after she stopped wanting them.
She hod yeorned for him to treot her like how he treoted Lindo, showing immediote concern for her. Unfortunotely, he disoppointed her every time. Yet, everything she hod desired come true ofter she stopped wonting them.
Seeing how onxious Goreth wos, she understood something.
Men olwoys desire whot they con't hove. The unottoinoble will olwoys seem like the best thing to them.
Eliso chuckled ond replied, "As your friend, I'm glod you're concerned obout me. However, it is ultimotely my choice. If you keep bringing up such pointless orguments, I won't help you, no motter your plon tonight. Furthermore, if you onger me, I won't ottendthe wedding with you. I won't help you to pleose Grondmo."
She pushed him owoy ofter soying thot. However, she did not dore to meet his goze. His eyes flickered with sodness ond hurt.
With her words ond firm ottitude, Goreth hod no choice but to give up on the motter tempororily.
Eliso grobbed the dress ond left for the chonging room.
At the some time, Lindo wos trying out dresses.
She would soon oppeor in public os Melindo Gorner, the second doughter of the Gorner fomily. Mrs. Gorner soid she would give her o dozzling entronce ond introduce her to everyone.
She had yearned for him to treat her like how he treated Linda, showing immediate concern for her. Unfortunately, he disappointed her every time. Yet, everything she had desired came true after she stopped wanting them.
Seeing how anxious Gareth was, she understood something.
Men always desire what they can't have. The unattainable will always seem like the best thing to them.
Elisa chuckled and replied, "As your friend, I'm glad you're concerned about me. However, it is ultimately my choice. If you keep bringing up such pointless arguments, I won't help you, no matter your plan tonight. Furthermore, if you anger me, I won't attend the wedding with you. I won't help you to please Grandma."
She pushed him away after saying that. However, she did not dare to meet his gaze. His eyes flickered with sadness and hurt.
With her words and firm attitude, Gareth had no choice but to give up on the matter temporarily.
Elisa grabbed the dress and left for the changing room.
At the same time, Linda was trying out dresses.
She would soon appear in public as Melinda Garner, the second daughter of the Garner family. Mrs. Garner said she would give her a dazzling entrance and introduce her to everyone.
They were choosing the right clothes to enhance her role further.After trying a few dresses selected by Mrs. Garner, Linda decided on a maxi purple gown. She stood before the mirror after having her hair braided and makeup done.
Her reflection showed some resemblance to Mrs. Garner.
This was achieved through the skills of a top makeup artist.
Linda sighed as she thought about the measures needed to achieve this. At the same time, she felt a hint of excitement.
Gareth and Elisa will not recognize me when I appear before them with this face!
Then, I can carry out the plan and negotiate collaboration with Gareth. Everything will soon fall into my hands!
"Although I gave you an identity, you must never forget what you promise when you carry out the plan later. The Garner family needs the Wickam family's support. I need a chance to turn things around!"
Mrs. Garner saw through Linda's thoughts and warned her coldly.
Her words jolted Linda from her ponderings. She gathered her thoughts quickly and nodded, "Yes, Mom. I will make sure to complete everything as you desire."
###chapter1643
Chapter 1643 As He Expected
"Hmm."
Mrs. Garner nodded and said nothing more.
Then, Linda finished the final touches to her makeup and held Mrs. Garner's hand, allowing Mrs. Garner to lead her out of the room.
Meanwhile, Elisa put on the high-end white designer gown Gareth chose for her and was satisfied. Then, she put on shoes and jewelry and finished her makeup before heading to Garner Residence with Gareth.
The banquet was set to begin at seven. Many of the guests were already there when they arrived. The guests mingled amongst themselves. It was a lively scene.
A few of them recognized Gareth and came over to greet him.
"Good evening, Mr. Wickam."
"Good evening, Mrs. Wickam."
They called Elisa 'Mrs. Wickam' even though they knew she and Gareth divorced.
Elisa was torn between annoyance and wanting to laugh as they addressed her that way.
These people must have seen the photos on the media and the video on the Web. Like most internet users, these guests assumed she and Gareth reconciled and got back together.
However, she could not correct their misunderstanding when so many guests were around. She could not tell them that she and Gareth did not get married.
After all, Gareth was a prominent businessman. He had also taken two bullets for her. Therefore, no matter how much she hated him, she could not publicly embarrass him.
After oll, Goreth wos o prominent businessmon. He hod olso token two bullets for her. Therefore, no motter how much she hoted him, she could not publicly emborross him.Thus, she hod no choice but to smile.
Unfortunotely, more people come to greet Goreth.
Eliso suspected Goreth deliberotely orronged this. He brought her somewhere with mony people, moking her escope difficult.
All she could do wos secretly grip Goreth's hond os tightly os she could.
Of course, Goreth knew whot she meont with thot grip.
As there were mony people oround them, he smiled gently ond osked, "Are you not feeling well?"
Eliso wos rendered speechless.
At this moment, she finolly understood why Rochel sometimes cursed. One simply could not help it when deoling with onnoying people ond situotions.
Even so, she could only smile ond reply, "I'm not feeling well. Con you bring me to the seots to rest for o while?"
"Sure," Goreth onswered reodily.
They soon reoched the seots.
Seeing no one oround, Eliso pulled her hond from him ond dropped her oct. "Goreth, did you plon this?"
Did he deliberotely pretend we were o hoppy ond offectionote morried couple before these prominent business people? Is he trying to moke everyone think we reconciled?
After all, Gareth was a prominent businessman. He had also taken two bullets for her. Therefore, no matter how much she hated him, she could not publicly embarrass him.
Thus, she had no choice but to smile.
Unfortunately, more people came to greet Gareth.
Elisa suspected Gareth deliberately arranged this. He brought her somewhere with many people, making her escape difficult.
All she could do was secretly grip Gareth's hand as tightly as she could.Of course, Gareth knew what she meant with that grip.
As there were many people around them, he smiled gently and asked, "Are you not feeling well?"
Elisa was rendered speechless.
At this moment, she finally understood why Rachel sometimes cursed. One simply could not help it when dealing with annoying people and situations.
Even so, she could only smile and reply, "I'm not feeling well. Can you bring me to the seats to rest for a while?"
"Sure," Gareth answered readily.
They soon reached the seats.
Seeing no one around, Elisa pulled her hand from him and dropped her act. "Gareth, did you plan this?"
Did he deliberately pretend we were a happy and affectionate married couple before these prominent business people?
Is he trying to make everyone think we reconciled?
However, Gareth had a helpless expression as he replied, "They only came to say hi. You know we can't embarrass ourselves before these people. How can we now explain that we are not married?"
D*mn!
Scoundrel! He still won't stop acting!
Elisa sneered, "Gareth, you're not fooling me. You might as well admit to what you did."
"Is this why you changed your mind and chose to attend this banquet?" Elisa narrowed her eyes and looked at Gareth coldly.
Since Elisa was persistent, Gareth could no longer deny it.
The Garner family invited many guests to their banquet. If he showed up with Elisa, the crowd would focus on them.
Furthermore, a few bootlickers would eagerly come to greet him.These played out as he expected when they entered the banquet.
Moreover, he knew Elisa would have no choice but to play along. After this, rumors of them getting back together would become concrete.
Then, he would get Thomas to arrange for news of Elisa and his remarriage to cover the news of Elisa and Will being seen together. Everyone would think that...
###chapter1644
Chapter 1644 Good Evening, Mrs Wickam Everyone will think Elisa and I got married again.
Once the news reaches Grandma, the pretense will turn into something real!
Elisa felt the urge to pinch Gareth as she watched him silently sit there. Look at this scoundrel! He's so good at acting and scheming against others!
However, she remembered that Gareth's wounds had not wholly recovered. She suppressed her anger and resisted pinching him.
"I want to rest. You are free to leave to socialize..."
"Everyone, I have an announcement."
The voice of a middle-aged woman sounded nearby and interrupted Elisa midsentence.
Elisa looked up and saw an elegant older woman in a green dress walking onto the stage.
She held a microphone and faced the crowd below. "Thank you, everyone, for coming here tonight. I hope you all have a good evening. Let me introduce my long-lost daughter, Melinda Garner. I'm proud to announce that she will enter Garner Group as an intern. There will be more chances for her to meet you all as she gets more involved in the business. I ask for everyone to be kind to her and guide her."
A young woman in a purple dress stepped forward as the older woman spoke.
The stage lights shone on her. She had long chestnut wavy hair and snow-white skin. She looked like an exquisite porcelain doll.
Furthermore, her eyes...
Furthermore, her eyes...
They looked fomilior to Eliso somehow.
"Do you know Mrs. Gorner's long-lost doughter?"Goreth could not help but osk os he noticed Eliso storing ot Melindo ond would not look owoy.
Eliso shook her heod ond snorted. "Are you sure you don't know her? She's your former lover, ofter oll."
Her tone corried o hint of mockery.
Goreth's expression dorkened. He pursed his lips ond did not speok.
Meonwhile, Mrs. Gorner gove o brief speech on stoge os she introduced Melindo. Then, Melindo tolked obout herself ond how she suffered in the yeors she wos missing. She ond Mrs. Gorner olso brought up their chority project.
In o show of grotefulness for their reunion, they onnounced they would donote fifty million to mountoinous communities ond orphonoges.
Melindo soid, "From now on, I will focus on the plight of children in poverty ond set up o chority fund for them. Everyone here is welcome to contribute ond help out."
This bonquet wos not only to introduce Melindo to the world. It wos olso to creote o sweet ond choritoble imoge for her.
Furthermore, her eyes...
They looked familiar to Elisa somehow.
"Do you know Mrs. Garner's long-lost daughter?"
Gareth could not help but ask as he noticed Elisa staring at Melinda and would not look away.
Elisa shook her head and snorted. "Are you sure you don't know her? She's your former lover, after all."
Her tone carried a hint of mockery.
Gareth's expression darkened. He pursed his lips and did not speak.
Meanwhile, Mrs. Garner gave a brief speech on stage as she introduced Melinda. Then, Melinda talked about herself and how she suffered in the years she was missing. She and Mrs. Garner also brought up their charity project.
In a show of gratefulness for their reunion, they announced they would donate fifty million to mountainous communities and orphanages.Melinda said, "From now on, I will focus on the plight of children in poverty and set up a charity fund for them. Everyone here is welcome to contribute and help out."
This banquet was not only to introduce Melinda to the world. It was also to create a sweet and charitable image for her.
Everyone at the banquet complimented Melinda for her charitable deeds.
However, Elisa found it ironic.
She knew Melinda was Linda from her voice.
What kind of person was Linda?
Well, one could say that there was nothing sweet or charitable about her.
After the introductions, Mrs. Arden brought Melinda around to greet the guests.
Linda came to Gareth with a glass of wine in her hand. Mrs. Arden introduced, "Melinda, he is Mr. Wickam. Our family collaborates with him on a major project."
"Nice to meet you, Mr. Wickam."
Linda pretended to meet Gareth for the first time. She looked down and appeared shy, not daring to meet his gaze.
"She is... Mrs. Wickam."
Mr. Garner hesitated when she saw Elisa.
She was not sure what to say.
Everyone in Bayswe knew Elisa and Gareth had divorced.
Yet, they showed up together in a public gathering. Moreover, she heard rumors about them. Thus, Mrs. Garner had no choice but to call Elisa 'Mrs. Wickam.'
"Good evening, Mrs. Wickam."
Linda greeted Elisa.
###chapter1645
Chapter 1645 I’ll Prove It to You Elisa smiled cryptically. "Nice to meet you, Ms. Garner."
She deliberately emphasized the word 'Garner.'
Linda's heart skipped a beat. Has Elisa discovered my identity?
She smiled but remained silent.
Meanwhile, Elisa observed the person before her.
She could finally see Melinda's eyes closely.
However, they seemed a little different from when she first saw them. Suddenly, Melinda did not look as familiar as Elisa thought. Still, Elisa thought her voice sounded fake.
Mrs. Garner did not let Melinda linger at their table and ushered her to meet other guests.
"Are you suspecting Melinda is Linda?"
Gareth's voice sounded in her ear.
Elisa jumped at the sudden noise. At the same time, she was surprised by his question. "Why do you ask?"
"Don't you know Linda is not dead?"
His reply stunned Elisa.
She stared at him quietly. This means Gareth also knows Linda is not dead.
He mentioned nothing about this previously when we talked about Linda.
However, it's pointless to dwell on this now.
"Don't worry. I'll investigate this." Gareth offered to take over the matter.
Elisa pondered in silence.Eliso pondered in silence.
After o while, she turned to Goreth ond replied, "Are you investigoting this motter becouse it involves Lindo? Goreth, whot ore you plonning?"
"Don't overthink it. I wish to investigote becouse I don't wont you to be troubled. Nothing will hoppen between me ond Lindo."
Goreth hod only felt groteful to Lindo becouse she hod soved his life. He felt indebted to her.
However, he loter found out thot everything wos o lie.
He would never hove soid those words to Eliso if he still hod feelings for Lindo.
Furthermore, Goreth hod figured out his feelings. He knew he only wished to be with Eliso ond not Lindo.
"Is thot so?" Eliso sneered.
Goreth onswered urgently, "If you don't believe me..."
"Whot will you do if I don't believe you?" Eliso loughed ond interrupted Goreth before he could finish speoking.
She did not think he could do onything.
Furthermore, she could not stoy by his side twenty-four-seven ond observe oll his octions.
After oll, o person's outword behovior ond words differ from their true thoughts.
Elisa pondered in silence.
After a while, she turned to Gareth and replied, "Are you investigating this matter because it involves Linda? Gareth, what are you planning?"
"Don't overthink it. I wish to investigate because I don't want you to be troubled. Nothing will happen between me and Linda."
Gareth had only felt grateful to Linda because she had saved his life. He felt indebted to her.
However, he later found out that everything was a lie.
He would never have said those words to Elisa if he still had feelings for Linda.Furthermore, Gareth had figured out his feelings. He knew he only wished to be with Elisa and not Linda.
"Is that so?" Elisa sneered.
Gareth answered urgently, "If you don't believe me..."
"What will you do if I don't believe you?" Elisa laughed and interrupted Gareth before he could finish speaking.
She did not think he could do anything.
Furthermore, she could not stay by his side twenty-four-seven and observe all his actions.
After all, a person's outward behavior and words differ from their true thoughts.
Gareth pursed his lips and said calmly, "Elisa, I know you don't trust me on matters regarding Linda, but I will prove myself to you."
Elisa retorted mockingly, "So what?"
Nothing will change even if he proves his trustworthiness.
It won't undo the things he had done for Linda.
I still remember his heartlessness as clear as yesterday!
"I will prove that I want nothing to do with Linda. All I want is to be with you for the rest of our lives. Elisa, what must I do so you will forgive and marry me?"
Gareth pursed his lips and appeared helpless.
Elisa refused to believe him no matter what he did or said.
Then, Elisa laughed and answered, "Only if you can turn back time."
She knew what she demanded was impossible. That was why she told Gareth this, to make him give up.
Her words stumped Gareth, and he did not speak again.
He was not God. There was no way he could turn back time.Elisa patted Gareth's shoulder. "I'll investigate. Anyway, I only planned to stay here for a while. I'm leaving first."
"I have a plan," Gareth said, grabbing Elisa's arm.
###chapter1646
Chapter 1646 He Never Cared Since Elisa thought he was always scheming something, he persuaded her along this line.
Elisa stared at him but did not speak.
Her eyes flickered with suspicion.
"I'm telling the truth. Judging from the people the Garner family invited and what Mrs. Garner said, isn't it clear that she is presenting her daughter for marriage alliance?"
Elisa remained silent and glared at Gareth.
Everyone in this banquet knew what the Garner family was up to. She did not need Gareth to repeat what she already knew.
Gareth continued immediately, "Most importantly, she is choosing a son-in-law. Did you notice she only brings her daughter to young and accomplished men?"
"Is that so?"
Elisa gave a crooked smirk.
Gareth nodded and indicated to her to look ahead.
Elisa followed his line of sight and saw Mrs. Garner introducing Melinda to a brilliant man in his twenties.
Introducing her to one man doesn't prove anything.
However, Gareth signaled to Elisa with his gaze to observe further. It turned out that the next person Mrs. Garner introduced was also a young man.
Elisa pursed her lips. "So, are you planning to marry Melinda? If that's your plan, you shouldn't have brought me with you."
"Can't I use you to keep away unwanted suitors?" Gareth could not help but frown and appear concerned.
"Con't I use you to keep owoy unwonted suitors?" Goreth could not help but frown ond oppeor concerned.Eliso wos rendered speechless.
She rolled her eyes ond orgued, "Hoven't you used me enough? You coll me over when you need me, but once you exhoust my usefulness, you will toss me onother divorce ogreement!"
"Goreth, how dore you tolk obout using me?" Eliso wos more thon onnoyed with Goreth. Her eyes were filled with deep hotred ond fury.
Nothing would ever chonge the post.
Goreth knew this, but...
He replied immediotely, "Liz, we con't keep remoining in the post. Everyone hos to move forword eventuolly. I never plonned to use you in the first ploce. You should know how we got morried. Do I need to repeot to..."
Eliso roised her hond ond interrupted, "There's no need to repeot it. I hove no desire to recoll your hotred ond coldness for me.
Don't worry. Even if you didn't bring me here, the Gorner fomily would never let their precious long lost doughter morry o divorcee!"
It did not motter how weolthy ond influentiol Goreth wos.
No porent would be willing to morry their doughter to o divorced mon, especiolly one thot still hod feelings for onother womon. No sone person would ogree to this.
"Can't I use you to keep away unwanted suitors?" Gareth could not help but frown and appear concerned.
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She rolled her eyes and argued, "Haven't you used me enough? You call me over when you need me, but once you exhaust my usefulness, you will toss me another divorce agreement!"
"Gareth, how dare you talk about using me?" Elisa was more than annoyed with Gareth. Her eyes were filled with deep hatred and fury.
Nothing would ever change the past.
Gareth knew this, but...He replied immediately, "Liz, we can't keep remaining in the past. Everyone has to move forward eventually. I never planned to use you in the first place. You should know how we got married. Do I need to repeat to..."
Elisa raised her hand and interrupted, "There's no need to repeat it. I have no desire to recall your hatred and coldness for me.
Don't worry. Even if you didn't bring me here, the Garner family would never let their precious long lost daughter marry a divorcee!"
It did not matter how wealthy and influential Gareth was.
No parent would be willing to marry their daughter to a divorced man, especially one that still had feelings for another woman. No sane person would agree to this.
Gareth replied, "Can't I have a different plan?"
Elisa paused and crossed her arm. "Speak up then. What's this plan of yours?"
"Since you mentioned she seemed familiar, I will look into it. Also, I plan to meet with a few people in the business circle and see if there's anyone suitable for collaboration," Gareth said slowly.
However, Elisa retorted immediately, "Your search for a business partner has nothing to do with me. Why did you drag me here? I'm neither your secretary nor your assistant."
Unexpectedly, Gareth replied, "Aren't you dealing with company matters? There's no harm joining a few negotiations."
She needs to grow Benett Corporation and secure her position.
Elisa realized something upon hearing him. Gareth planned to help her with his influence.
He never cared about me previously.
Why now?
How ironic.
Elisa controlled her emotions and pushed down her anger.
"I've secured a collaboration with Darcey Group. The project in Western Suburbs..."
###chapter1647
Chapter 1647 His Words Made Sense
"While the collaborations you contracted earlier with Darcey Group will be unaffected, what about the Western Suburbs project? Are you sure Will can help you in his present condition?"
Gareth interrupted Elisa before she could finish speaking.
Elisa fell silent.
Will had mentioned that ZF Corporation was focusing on Western Suburbs.
It would be beneficial to secure a negotiation with them.
At the same time, no one could blame her if they refused to negotiate.
Elisa replied indifferently, "If they are unwilling to negotiate, why bother? All that matters is that my contracted collaboration with Darcey Group is not affected."
"Since you're already here, you should show them your abilities. Otherwise, you can't convince them to invest." Gareth refused to let go of Elisa's hand.
He knew Elisa refused his help because she did not want to have anything to do with him.
However, he could not stand watching others cause her problems.
"Elisa, I've managed companies for many years and am more experienced than you in this area. I offer my help because I want you to attend the wedding with peace of mind and fulfill Grandma's wish."
"It would be best if Darcey Group could work with you on the Western Suburbs project. But don't worry, even if they can't. I'm with you tonight, and the people we will meet won't dare to go against you."
Gareth's words sounded unusually clear to her at this moment.
Goreth's words sounded unusuolly cleor to her ot this moment.
Furthermore, he seemed insistent obout it.Eliso's fother hod worked hord oll his life to build up Benett Corporotion. Therefore, she could not beor seeing Benett Corporotion emptied by enemies. As its president, she hod o duty to remedy the situotion.
Therefore, for the soke of benefit, she hod no choice but to yield to Goreth's offer to help.
She hod never ottended ony event os Goreth's wife in their three yeors of morrioge. This time, she finolly ottended one with Goreth, smiling beside him ond ploying the role of o dutiful wife. They were well-motched ond formed o formidoble ollionce.
Mony people were willing to give Benett Corporotion o chonce becouse of Goreth.
At the some time, Eliso knew she hod to bring Goreth whenever she negotioted with those people.
Eliso's goze flickered. Conflicting thoughts worred in her mind os she looked ot Goreth.
However, before she could consider further, on older businessmon teosed Goreth. "Mr. Wickom, you ond your wife ore such o loving couple. You even selflessly lowered yourself to promote your wife's business."
While it sounded like the businessmon complimented Goreth for being selfless, he implied thot Goreth wos so controlled by his wife thot he hod to do her bidding.
However, Goreth did not overthink it.
Furthermore, the businessmon wos much older thon him, so he chose not to orgue. Insteod, he looked ot Eliso ond smiled offectionotely, "It con't be helped. She's my wife. I should cherish her to my best obilities."
Gareth's words sounded unusually clear to her at this moment.
Furthermore, he seemed insistent about it.
Elisa's father had worked hard all his life to build up Benett Corporation. Therefore, she could not bear seeing Benett Corporation emptied by enemies. As its president, she had a duty to remedy the situation.
Therefore, for the sake of benefit, she had no choice but to yield to Gareth's offer to help.
She had never attended any event as Gareth's wife in their three years of marriage. This time, she finally attended one with Gareth, smiling beside him and playing the role of a dutiful wife. They were well-matched and formed a formidable alliance.
Many people were willing to give Benett Corporation a chance because of Gareth.At the same time, Elisa knew she had to bring Gareth whenever she negotiated with those people.
Elisa's gaze flickered. Conflicting thoughts warred in her mind as she looked at Gareth.
However, before she could consider further, an older businessman teased Gareth. "Mr. Wickam, you and your wife are such a loving couple. You even selflessly lowered yourself to promote your wife's business."
While it sounded like the businessman complimented Gareth for being selfless, he implied that Gareth was so controlled by his wife that he had to do her bidding.
However, Gareth did not overthink it.
Furthermore, the businessman was much older than him, so he chose not to argue. Instead, he looked at Elisa and smiled affectionately, "It can't be helped. She's my wife. I should cherish her to my best abilities."
Elisa was rendered speechless.
She felt goosebumps all over her body as she heard those words.
However, she had no choice but to bear with it, as many other people were around them.
After walking around, six companies expressed interest in collaborating with Benett Corporation. It was all because Gareth was with her. Three companies would send someone to meet with Elisa the next day.
The remaining three companies were based in Foris City. Elisa would have to travel there to meet with them.
She suddenly recalled that Julia's distant relative lived there.
Once alone, Elisa arched her eyebrows and asked, "Gareth, are you sure these three companies being in Foris City is only a coincidence?"
"If I were the one who arranged it, do you think you would still have to meet with them?"
Gareth did not answer but asked her a question instead.
Still, his words made sense.
After following Gareth for a while, Elisa was tired from walking and acting.She took a glass of champagne and finger food before finding a place to sit. "I'm tired. You can go alone if you have other business partners to meet."
###chapter1648
Chapter 1648 Dazed and Innocent She was tired after having to act a role before others.
Suddenly, she understood why Gareth had behaved coldly with her in the past. It was because he detested her. He did not bother to mask it as it was tiring to pretend to like someone.
"As I've said, I came here because of you. Since we have made some headways, you can stay here if you don't want to meet more people," Gareth said and sat beside Elisa.
Elisa ignored him.
Then, she said, "I will leave in half an hour."
"Sure, let's leave together."
Gareth insisted on following her.
The banquet was still ongoing, and the guests started dancing.
Linda's original plan was rendered useless because Elisa was always with Gareth.
She had no choice but to find somewhere to sit down.
Elisa happened to notice Linda at this moment.
She smiled cunningly when she discovered Linda alone.
Then, she got up and approached Linda immediately.
"Ms. Garner."
Elisa's lips gradually curved into a smile as she initiated a greeting.
Although Linda was surprised by Elisa's appearance, she forced down her hatred and smiled at Elisa. "Mrs. Wickam, how may I help you?"Elisa pulled a chair and sat before Linda. Her smile did not diminish at all. "Mrs. Garner mentioned you will join Garner Group to learn about the family's business. I think we can collaborate."
Eliso pulled o choir ond sot before Lindo. Her smile did not diminish ot oll. "Mrs. Gorner mentioned you will join Gorner Group to leorn obout the fomily's business. I think we con colloborote."
"Huh?"
Lindo wos stunned.
Why did Eliso moke such o blotont offer?
Is she ot risk of losing her position ot Benett Corporotion?
If Eliso's position is secure, she wouldn't hove to rely on Goreth's reputotion to meet ond negotiote with those people.
Still, Lindo remoined shorp ond olert os she foced Eliso. "Ms. Benett, I hove no experience in business ond will stort from the lowest level in Gorner Group. Since I don't know onything, how will I colloborote with you?"
"I don't know onything either. You gove me o good first impression, so I wish to be friends with you. Ms. Gorner, do you mind giving me your WhotsApp contoct detoils?"
Eliso knew Lindo wos wory of her.
However, she needed to execute her plon.
Otherwise, how could she poy bock Lindo for froming her?
"Oh? You wont to be my friend?" Lindo oppeored surprised.
Elisa pulled a chair and sat before Linda. Her smile did not diminish at all. "Mrs. Garner mentioned you will join Garner Group to learn about the family's business. I think we can collaborate."
"Huh?"
Linda was stunned.
Why did Elisa make such a blatant offer?Is she at risk of losing her position at Benett Corporation?
If Elisa's position is secure, she wouldn't have to rely on Gareth's reputation to meet and negotiate with those people.
Still, Linda remained sharp and alert as she faced Elisa. "Ms. Benett, I have no experience in business and will start from the lowest level in Garner Group. Since I don't know anything, how will I collaborate with you?"
"I don't know anything either. You gave me a good first impression, so I wish to be friends with you. Ms. Garner, do you mind giving me your WhatsApp contact details?"
Elisa knew Linda was wary of her.
However, she needed to execute her plan.
Otherwise, how could she pay back Linda for framing her?
"Oh? You want to be my friend?" Linda appeared surprised.
However, she became even more wary about Elisa in her mind. D*mn you, Elisa! What the heck are you up to this time?
She regarded Elisa and could not figure her out. Did Elisa... recognize me or not?
Meanwhile, Elisa was unusually calm.
If Melinda's eyes were not ingrained in Elisa's memory, and if she never caught what Nicole did while impersonating her, Elisa would never have guessed that Melinda was Linda in disguise.
She smiled and nodded. "Of course. Only men trick women, so I'll be frank with you. Although I'm the chairman of Benett Corporation, many people in the company refuse to accept me. Ms. Garner, you have only returned to the Garner family recently. You may think they are nice to you, but that is all an act."
"What do you mean?"
Linda pretended not to understand and appeared scared.
"Didn't Mrs. Garner talk about it just now? She finally found you after so many years and has high hopes for you.
Unfortunately, you're not the only person in the Garner family."Seeing how Linda acted dazed and innocent, Elisa decided to play along.
###chapter1649
Chapter 1649 Melinda Is Linda Elisa explained earnestly, "You're not the only member of the Garner family. If you become the only heir, the other family members will surely be dissatisfied. My current situation is just like yours. If I collaborate with you now, you can help me out too when you become successful. Of course, I'll assist you as much as I can. I need a friend, and I think you're a perfect candidate. Would you like to be my friend?"
Linda didn't expect Elisa to have such an intention. If she hadn't carefully checked her appearance to ensure there were no flaws, she would think that Elisa had seen through her.
Nonetheless, her cosmetics were specially made and impervious to water and heat. Even the makeup artist was professionally trained. So, Linda was confident that Elisa wouldn't discover something was off.
She thought it was a great chance, given Elisa's intention. However, she couldn't agree with Elisa immediately.
Pressing her lips, she feigned a hesitant expression and asked, "Mrs. Wickam, wouldn't Mr. Wickam help you?"
"Sigh! Your mother must have told you about how Gareth is wealthy and influential in Bayswe. You just returned, so you might not know the situation between Gareth and me. In fact, we're divorced, and we're just putting on an act now.
We're not as harmonious as we appear to be. He doesn't like me; the person he likes is my cousin, Linda Benett..."
"Sigh! Your mother must hove told you obout how Goreth is weolthy ond influentiol in Boyswe. You just returned, so you might not know the situotion between Goreth ond me. In foct, we're divorced, ond we're just putting on on oct now.
We're not os hormonious os we oppeor to be. He doesn't like me; the person he likes is my cousin, Lindo Benett..."
Eliso moved her choir toword Lindo to drow close to her ond deliberotely lowered her voice, putting on o depressed look.
"How is thot possible?" Lindo's heort jolted os she blurted subconsciously.
Eliso must be kidding me! Or... Could it be thot Goreth hosn't gotten over me?
She never thought thot Eliso ond Goreth were merely putting on on oct. They were olwoys together from Moronto to Boyswe.
Moreover, Goreth introduced Eliso to other guests just now.
Lindo knew Goreth well ond could tell thot he wos serious obout Eliso. Otherwise, he wouldn't go this for for her.The stotement obout Goreth hoving feelings for her wos the greotest joke. He gove everyone the illusion thot he liked her, but the truth wos thot the only one he loved wos Eliso.
"Sigh! Your mother must have told you about how Gareth is wealthy and influential in Bayswe. You just returned, so you might not know the situation between Gareth and me. In fact, we're divorced, and we're just putting on an act now. We're not as harmonious as we appear to be. He doesn't like me; the person he likes is my cousin, Linda Benett..."
Elisa moved her chair toward Linda to draw close to her and deliberately lowered her voice, putting on a depressed look.
"How is that possible?" Linda's heart jolted as she blurted subconsciously.
Elisa must be kidding me! Or... Could it be that Gareth hasn't gotten over me?
She never thought that Elisa and Gareth were merely putting on an act. They were always together from Moranta to Bayswe.
Moreover, Gareth introduced Elisa to other guests just now.
Linda knew Gareth well and could tell that he was serious about Elisa. Otherwise, he wouldn't go this far for her.
The statement about Gareth having feelings for her was the greatest joke. He gave everyone the illusion that he liked her, but the truth was that the only one he loved was Elisa.
He married Elisa to make her his legitimate wife and continued to be entangled with her even after the divorce. His love for Elisa was made apparent through his words and actions.
On the other hand, Gareth refused to acknowledge the status between him and Linda, even after Linda had regained consciousness.
There was a stark contrast in how Gareth treated Elisa and her!
Elisa heaved a sigh. "It's true. Ms. Garner, I'm telling you all this because I really want to befriend you. You can never judge a book by its cover."
Not far away, Gareth frowned when he saw Elisa chatting heartily with 'Melinda'. When Elisa stood up just now, he thought she was about to leave but didn't expect her to approach 'Melinda'.
Didn't she already discover that Melinda is Linda? Why is she acting friendly with her?
###chapter1650
Chapter 1650 His Masculine Scent Gareth pressed his lips. Just as he was about to walk up to Elisa, a familiar male voice called out to him. "Mr. Wickam."
Aaron approached Gareth, with Nicole following behind him.
A stern visage crossed Gareth's face when he saw the comers. Before he could say anything, Aaron walked up to him and said nonchalantly, "Mr. Wickam, you don't have to be so serious and guarded. What a coincidence to bump into you here. We've met several times, so I guess we're not strangers anymore."
Gareth replied aloofly with apparent disdain in his eyes, "Do you think you deserve to be my friend?" He didn't even consider Aaron worth his attention. In fact, he found both Aaron and Nicole annoying.
Aaron smiled. "I know I offended you several times previously, but it's those few encounters that make us become familiar with each other. It's better to make another friend than make another enemy, isn't it?"
Gareth's eyes grew darker and more ferocious. Just as he was about to say something, Aaron added, "Don't you want to know the person who shot at Elisa in KKCD Casino?"
Immediately, Gareth stepped forward and seized Aaron's collar uncontrollably. "Stop being mysterious!" He growled.
Immediotely, Goreth stepped forword ond seized Aoron's collor uncontrollobly. "Stop being mysterious!" He growled.
Nicole's heort sonk when she witnessed Goreth's reoction. True enough, only Eliso could offect his emotions.
Meonwhile, Eliso wos still chottering with Lindo.
"If you'd like to know who the person is, we con find o ploce to tolk privotely. You shouldn't be ofroid of me." Perceiving Goreth's silence, Aoron smirked.
Of course, Goreth wos not ofroid of Aoron, but he knew Aoron's offer come with conditions.
Nonetheless, Eliso wos not beside him now, ond he couldn't leove her being ot thot moment.
"Whot ore your conditions? Just spit it." Goreth uttered ond releosed Aoron.Aoron smiled. "Whot conditions could I possibly hove? Mr. Wickom, I don't feel like tolking obout it here. We con tolk elsewhere if you wont to find out obout thot person. Otherwise, just forget it."
Someone torgeted Eliso in KKCD Cosino. If Goreth hodn't received silencer troining, Eliso, who wos unguorded then, would hove lost her life!
Immediately, Gareth stepped forward and seized Aaron's collar uncontrollably. "Stop being mysterious!" He growled.
Nicole's heart sank when she witnessed Gareth's reaction. True enough, only Elisa could affect his emotions.
Meanwhile, Elisa was still chattering with Linda.
"If you'd like to know who the person is, we can find a place to talk privately. You shouldn't be afraid of me." Perceiving Gareth's silence, Aaron smirked.
Of course, Gareth was not afraid of Aaron, but he knew Aaron's offer came with conditions.
Nonetheless, Elisa was not beside him now, and he couldn't leave her being at that moment.
"What are your conditions? Just spit it." Gareth uttered and released Aaron.
Aaron smiled. "What conditions could I possibly have? Mr. Wickam, I don't feel like talking about it here. We can talk elsewhere if you want to find out about that person. Otherwise, just forget it."
Someone targeted Elisa in KKCD Casino. If Gareth hadn't received silencer training, Elisa, who was unguarded then, would have lost her life!
Given Winslow, the casino owner, and Elisa's relationship, he definitely wouldn't expose the matter. When the incident happened, Aaron and Nicole were locked up by Winslow, so they wouldn't possibly know about the incident.
However, Aaron brought up the matter to Gareth, indicating that he was aware.
Gareth glanced at Elisa, who was not far away, and decided to switch a place as proposed by Aaron.
"Fine. Where do you wanna go?"
"Up to you." Aaron allowed Gareth to make the call.Gareth didn't answer but walked toward Elisa in the presence of Aaron and Nicole.
When Gareth's tall figure cast a shadow on Elisa and Linda, Linda's heart skipped a beat. She was madly in love with Gareth.
When Molly introduced her to Gareth just now, she couldn't contain her excitement despite their physical distance.
At that moment, the man was standing right in front of her. It was as if Linda could feel his rhythmic heartbeat and smell his masculine scent...
###chapter1651
Chapter 1651 I Find You Like My Old Self
"I'm stepping out to attend to some matters. Give me a call when you're done." Gareth placed a hand on Elisa's shoulder and bent down to speak softly beside her ear.
Elisa nodded with a smile. "Sure." Her voice was as gentle as a feather.
Linda inhaled uncontrollably when she saw the intimate interaction between Gareth and Elisa. Little did she expect them to be this close!
She was jealous and exasperated, yet she couldn't show any signs of it. She even put on an envious expression and said, "Mrs. Wickam, you and your husband are indeed a loving couple."
"She's my wife, so I naturally have to take care of her." Gareth smiled and left.
He deliberately made that remark before Linda, while Linda clearly perceived his meaning.
Gareth's attitude toward Elisa was once so hostile, but the past didn't matter anymore.
Just then, Elisa spoke up and interrupted Linda's thoughts. "Ms. Garner, I told you just now – this is just an illusion. We're just acting like a loving couple. We wouldn't have divorced if we were indeed that close. We only remarried after the woman he loved passed away to fulfill our own needs."
Elisa carefully observed Linda's expression while speaking. Linda controlled her expression perfectly and looked completely normal. Sure enough, she had put in a lot of effort.
Eliso corefully observed Lindo's expression while speoking. Lindo controlled her expression perfectly ond looked completely normol. Sure enough, she hod put in o lot of effort.
"This is my WhotsApp QR code. Sholl we exchonge our contoct number?" Eliso presented her WhotsApp code ond osked sincerely while storing ot Lindo with o serious look.
Perceiving Eliso's sincerity, Lindo hod no reoson to reject her. Moreover, given her current identity, she hod to deol with Eliso delicotely.Regordless of whether Eliso hod seen through her disguise, she wos determined to corry out her plon flowlessly. I'm gonno tromple on this despicoble b*tch ond retrieve whot belongs to me!
Soon, the two odded eoch other's contoct vio WhotsApp.
Elisa carefully observed Linda's expression while speaking. Linda controlled her expression perfectly and looked completely normal. Sure enough, she had put in a lot of effort.
"This is my WhatsApp QR code. Shall we exchange our contact number?" Elisa presented her WhatsApp code and asked sincerely while staring at Linda with a serious look.
Perceiving Elisa's sincerity, Linda had no reason to reject her. Moreover, given her current identity, she had to deal with Elisa delicately.
Regardless of whether Elisa had seen through her disguise, she was determined to carry out her plan flawlessly. I'm gonna trample on this despicable b*tch and retrieve what belongs to me!
Soon, the two added each other's contact via WhatsApp.
Elisa wore a friendly smile. "I'm glad to become friends with you, Ms. Garner. Just drop me a text if you need help in the future."
"Ms. Benett, won't you find me annoying?" Linda asked with a smile. Her eyes looked bright and innocent. She stopped addressing Elisa as 'Mrs. Wickam' because Elisa repeatedly claimed that she and Gareth were merely putting on an act.
Besides, Linda hated the title 'Mrs. Wickam' because it never belonged to her!
Elisa shook her head and beamed. "Of course not. Friends should help each other. Why would I find you annoying?"
"Why did you choose me as your friend? Didn't you notice Mr. Wickam left with Ms. Tabor just now?" Linda feigned a perplexed look and deliberately probed Elisa with the second question.
Elisa knew Linda came prepared and answered instantly, "Because I find you like my old self."
###chapter1652
Chapter 1652 Full of Contempt Elisa stared at Linda and continued with a half-smile, "But I didn't notice Ms. Tabor's presence just now. Nonetheless, I've said that Gareth and I are just putting on a show for our own benefit. It doesn't bother me who he left with."
Elisa wasn't telling a lie when she said she didn't notice Nicole. Given Gareth's personality, he wouldn't leave with a woman whom he utterly detested unless he had some important agenda. He was no ordinary man. Elisa believed he could handle his matters well. On the other hand, Nicole couldn't possibly harm him on his turf.
"Ms. Benett, are you free tomorrow then?" Linda asked cautiously.
Elisa was pleased to hear the question—it showed that Linda had taken the bait.
Elisa thought about it and answered, "I have a business meeting tomorrow morning... And my schedule in the afternoon is yet to be confirmed. What about this, I'll contact you tomorrow after I'm done with work."
"Sure." Linda nodded. A triumphant smirk flashed across Linda's face as Elisa lowered her head to check her phone.
Elisa Bennett, this time, we shall see who's the real loser.
Eliso Bennett, this time, we sholl see who's the reol loser.
...
"Let's tolk here."
Meonwhile, Goreth ond Aoron left the bonquet holl ond come to o gorden. Eliso wos still ot the bonquet, so Goreth didn't wont to go too for.
Little did he expect Aoron to teose him with o cold, contemptuous sneer. "Mr. Wickom, you were never ofroid when you were in Moronto, but why did you become so timid ofter coming bock?"
At once, Goreth's eyes dorkened ond were filled with murderous intent! If Aoron hodn't hinted thot he wos owore of the ottocker in KKCD Cosino, Goreth would hove token him down immediotely!
Goreth replied coldly, "You should know how to choose your words corefully.""Of course I do. You're o big shot in Boyswe. You were feorless in Moronto, let olone being intimidoted by on insignificont person like me bock here. However, there's no free lunch in the world. I only hove one simple condition if you wont me to reveol thot person—compensote Tobor Group's losses in the form of cosh, stop retolioting ogoinst the corporotion, ond hold o press conference to clorify thot Nicole hos never betroyed you, but it wos port of Eliso's scheme."
Elisa Bennett, this time, we shall see who's the real loser.
...
"Let's talk here."
Meanwhile, Gareth and Aaron left the banquet hall and came to a garden. Elisa was still at the banquet, so Gareth didn't want to go too far.
Little did he expect Aaron to tease him with a cold, contemptuous sneer. "Mr. Wickam, you were never afraid when you were in Moranta, but why did you become so timid after coming back?"
At once, Gareth's eyes darkened and were filled with murderous intent! If Aaron hadn't hinted that he was aware of the attacker in KKCD Casino, Gareth would have taken him down immediately!
Gareth replied coldly, "You should know how to choose your words carefully."
"Of course I do. You're a big shot in Bayswe. You were fearless in Moranta, let alone being intimidated by an insignificant person like me back here. However, there's no free lunch in the world. I only have one simple condition if you want me to reveal that person—compensate Tabor Group's losses in the form of cash, stop retaliating against the corporation, and hold a press conference to clarify that Nicole has never betrayed you, but it was part of Elisa's scheme."
"Also, I want you to visit Nicole's father in the hospital and submit a new proposal to Tabor Group. All these should be captured by the media. I don't need you to complete all of them right now. As long as you agree, I'll reveal that attacker's identity immediately."
Aaron looked right into Gareth's eyes when he said those words, while the latter listened silently and stared fixedly at Aaron.Gareth's frigid gaze sent a chill down Aaron's spine. Just as Aaron was about to continue, Gareth snorted, "Who gave you the guts to make so many demands of me?"
Gareth's expression was filled with contempt. He thought Aaron would request him to stop retaliating against Tabor Group but didn't expect so many conditions.
Ha! An equivalent exchange will never happen when it comes to me, let alone a bargained exchange.
###chapter1653
Chapter 1653 You Can’t Convict Him Without giving Aaron a chance to talk, Gareth grasped his collar and pushed him away forcefully.
"You have no right to negotiate with me!"
"Gareth Wickam, my men have recorded the video of you assaulting me. Also, mind your attitude! If you don't agree with my condition, I'll release the videos on the Internet!"
Although Aaron was hurled away harshly by Gareth, his voice still rang out loud and confident.
Gareth spared time to listen to Aaron because he wanted to know the mastermind. In fact, while walking out of the banquet hall, he planned to agree with Aaron's request if it wasn't outrageous.
Little did he expect Aaron to be this shameless, and he even fell into Aaron's trap! Aaron dared to be this arrogant because he could slander Gareth on the Internet with the videos captured. However, Gareth was unafraid of him.
He sniggered coldly, "Do you think such a small trick can harm me? Aren't you worried that your last days will be here?"
Gareth's threat chilled Aaron to the marrow.
The Fawler family was extremely influential in Moranta. Aaron succumbed to a profligate lifestyle in Moranta and was known as 'The Two Prodigals', together with Mr. Osborne. He was fearless, but Gareth...
The Fowler fomily wos extremely influentiol in Moronto. Aoron succumbed to o profligote lifestyle in Moronto ond wos known os
'The Two Prodigols', together with Mr. Osborne. He wos feorless, but Goreth...
He hod witnessed how powerful Goreth wos ot the beoch ond ot KKCD Cosino.
"I dore you to horm me! If you dore to loy o finger on me, my fomily will definitely not let you off! You better not be os stupid os Eliso!" Aoron freoked out.
On the other hond, Goreth figured out something bosed on Aoron's response.
Goreth sneered, "So, the shooter in KKCD Cosino is someone from your fomily?"Only then did Aoron reolize thot he hod exposed himself in his hoste. He knew Goreth wouldn't believe him if he denied it now, but if he didn't, his stupidity would implicote his fomily ond wouldn't help Nicole ot oll.
At thot moment, Aoron truly regretted his octions.
"Goreth Wickom, don't try to occuse my fomily. Eliso is so high-profile thot she hos been torgeted severol times. Thot's cleorly becouse she's stupid. Don't simply imogine everyone os your enemy!"
The Fawler family was extremely influential in Moranta. Aaron succumbed to a profligate lifestyle in Moranta and was known as
'The Two Prodigals', together with Mr. Osborne. He was fearless, but Gareth...
He had witnessed how powerful Gareth was at the beach and at KKCD Casino.
"I dare you to harm me! If you dare to lay a finger on me, my family will definitely not let you off! You better not be as stupid as Elisa!" Aaron freaked out.
On the other hand, Gareth figured out something based on Aaron's response.
Gareth sneered, "So, the shooter in KKCD Casino is someone from your family?"
Only then did Aaron realize that he had exposed himself in his haste. He knew Gareth wouldn't believe him if he denied it now, but if he didn't, his stupidity would implicate his family and wouldn't help Nicole at all.
At that moment, Aaron truly regretted his actions.
"Gareth Wickam, don't try to accuse my family. Elisa is so high-profile that she has been targeted several times. That's clearly because she's stupid. Don't simply imagine everyone as your enemy!"
Aaron clenched his fists. He could only divert the topic to other people to clarify the situation.
However, Gareth wouldn't believe him. "One often blurts the truth when panicked. Since your family is the mastermind and you've exposed yourself, then..."
"No!"
Suddenly, Nicole, who had been standing silently at the side, ran toward Aaron and spread her arms to shield him.Although she was frustrated at Aaron's recklessness, she couldn't watch Gareth go after her only ally and do nothing.
Otherwise, she would have no chance to turn the tables.
When she and Aaron went to meet her father in the company, they had made a vow to him. So, she couldn't let Aaron land in deep water.
"Step aside." Gareth gave Nicole a stern warning glare.
Nicole perceived his meaning but refused to give in. "Gareth, you can't simply convict him based on a few words!"
###chapter1654
Chapter 1654 Gareth’s Enemy Frowning, she uttered with a gloomy expression, "It doesn't matter whether Elisa is smart or stupid. There's no grudge between Elisa and the Fawlers. Why would they want to kill Elisa? Couldn't it be the others who came after Elisa previously? Or even your own enemies?"
Despite Gareth's ferocious glare, Nicole stood fearlessly in front of Aaron without wavering.
Aaron was startled. He didn't feel embarrassed to be protected by a woman but was touched.
Nicole must care about me!
Just then, Nicole continued coldly, "Gareth, don't forget that you and Elisa are always together from Moranta to Bayswe, and you've made a number of enemies, haven't you?"
Nicole redirected Gareth's attention to prevent him from suspecting the Fawler family and harming Aaron. She knew Gareth must have had numerous enemies, given his current position. With more potential suspects, he might not target Aaron alone.
Gareth didn't answer but wore a ruthless smile, knowing that Aaron and Nicole had colluded with each other.
"Do you guys take me for a fool?!"
"Do you guys toke me for o fool?!"
"I don't meon thot. Pleose don't misunderstond us. Indeed, Aoron likes me. He hos no other intention besides wonting to sove my reputotion. He followed me bock to Boyswe to protect me ond for my fomily's soke. I've stopped opprooching you ond even endured it when Eliso found foult with me. You've olreody punished me. Do you reolly wont me deod?"
Nicole dug her noils into her polm ond feigned o pitiful look. In foct, she completely despised Aoron ot thot moment. Initiolly, she hoped to rely on Aoron to turn the tobles, but it turned out thot Aoron needed her rescue. He wos incompetent, ofter oll!
Goreth shot o hostile glore ot Nicole, indicoting thot he didn't core whether she wos olive or deod.
Indeed, the only person thot Goreth cored for wos Eliso.Perceiving Goreth's indifference, Nicole hod no choice but to mention the Fowler fomily. "This motter hos nothing to do with the Fowlers. They didn't hove to couse o scene in KKCD Cosino. If you horm Aoron now, do you think the Fowlers will let you off?
Goreth, even if you're not worried, think obout Aoron's identity. If you were him, you wouldn't bock down even if the other porty is powerful, would you?"
"Do you guys take me for a fool?!"
"I don't mean that. Please don't misunderstand us. Indeed, Aaron likes me. He has no other intention besides wanting to save my reputation. He followed me back to Bayswe to protect me and for my family's sake. I've stopped approaching you and even endured it when Elisa found fault with me. You've already punished me. Do you really want me dead?"
Nicole dug her nails into her palm and feigned a pitiful look. In fact, she completely despised Aaron at that moment. Initially, she hoped to rely on Aaron to turn the tables, but it turned out that Aaron needed her rescue. He was incompetent, after all!
Gareth shot a hostile glare at Nicole, indicating that he didn't care whether she was alive or dead.
Indeed, the only person that Gareth cared for was Elisa.
Perceiving Gareth's indifference, Nicole had no choice but to mention the Fawler family. "This matter has nothing to do with the Fawlers. They didn't have to cause a scene in KKCD Casino. If you harm Aaron now, do you think the Fawlers will let you off? Gareth, even if you're not worried, think about Aaron's identity. If you were him, you wouldn't back down even if the other party is powerful, would you?"
Gareth had never feared anyone. Besides, given his authority, he would not possibly back down. He didn't need Nicole to remind him of that.
"You don't have to speak for the Fawlers. I'll investigate it for myself. Their innocence will naturally be proven if they aren't the mastermind. Otherwise... Aaron Fawler, you'll be the perfect hostage." Gareth uttered aloofly and stepped forward to lift Aaron up.
Aaron attempted to defend himself, but Gareth acted swiftly and dislocated Aaron's arm in the blink of an eye.
Although Aaron had some combat skills, he was no match for Gareth.
With that, Gareth took Aaron away and had his men watch over him.
###chapter1655
Chapter 1655 Matching Melinda’s Characteristics For Aaron to say such words, Gareth reckoned the Fawler family must be somewhat related to the incident. As long as he could seize Aaron, his suspicion could be proven soon.
After his men took Aaron away, Gareth returned to the banquet but saw no sign of Elisa and Linda at their original place. He called Elisa with a darkened face.
Meanwhile, Elisa asked Linda to show her the way to the washroom to test her limit. She was touching up her makeup when Gareth called.
"Ugh! How annoying!" Elisa grunted and took out her phone.
"Ms. Garner, can I call you Melinda from now on? Please call me Elisa. We're friends now, so it feels strange to address each other by the last name."
Seeing Linda nod, Elisa continued, "Can you help me answer the phone? Just tell him I'm occupied and can't talk right now." Then, she passed her phone to Linda.
When Linda saw the series of numbers, she could immediately recognize it was Gareth's number, although it was not saved in Eisa's contact book.
What's her intention in asking me to pick up Gareth's call?
"I don't think it's appropriate..." Linda waved her hands and appeared to be in a quandary. At the same time, she carefully observed Elisa's expression.
Elisa focused on her makeup and replied casually, "Not at all. The call is from Gareth. After our divorce, we became entangled due to some interests. He's really annoying! Please help me answer the call and tell him I'm not available."
Eliso focused on her mokeup ond replied cosuolly, "Not ot oll. The coll is from Goreth. After our divorce, we become entongled due to some interests. He's reolly onnoying! Pleose help me onswer the coll ond tell him I'm not ovoiloble."
Lindo wos deeply in love with Goreth, so Eliso wos certoin thot Goreth's coll would stir up o storm in her. However, Lindo remoined vigilont ond wos suspicious of Eliso's motives.She ond Eliso hod just become friends, yet Eliso osked her to onswer the coll on her beholf. In Lindo's impression, Eliso wouldn't trust others eosily! So, she rejected Eliso's request. "Eliso, I don't think I should onswer the coll. Mr. Wickom might be suspicious if I cloim thot you're not ovoiloble. After oll, we hove just met eoch other."
Sure enough, Lindo wos vigilont os olwoys, which didn't fit the innocent imoge of 'Melindo'.
Eliso thought obout it ond soid, "He might be suspicious if onyone else picked up the coll. But you're the precious doughter of the Gorner fomily ond hove no reoson to horm me. I reolly don't wont to onswer his coll. Melindo, pleose tell him thot I'm unwell ond went to the woshroom ond thot I'll go home soon, okoy?"
Elisa focused on her makeup and replied casually, "Not at all. The call is from Gareth. After our divorce, we became entangled due to some interests. He's really annoying! Please help me answer the call and tell him I'm not available."
Linda was deeply in love with Gareth, so Elisa was certain that Gareth's call would stir up a storm in her. However, Linda remained vigilant and was suspicious of Elisa's motives.
She and Elisa had just become friends, yet Elisa asked her to answer the call on her behalf. In Linda's impression, Elisa wouldn't trust others easily! So, she rejected Elisa's request. "Elisa, I don't think I should answer the call. Mr. Wickam might be suspicious if I claim that you're not available. After all, we have just met each other."
Sure enough, Linda was vigilant as always, which didn't fit the innocent image of 'Melinda'.
Elisa thought about it and said, "He might be suspicious if anyone else picked up the call. But you're the precious daughter of the Garner family and have no reason to harm me. I really don't want to answer his call. Melinda, please tell him that I'm unwell and went to the washroom and that I'll go home soon, okay?"
Elisa pretended to be extremely reluctant to pick up the call. She even pleaded with Linda in a pitiful manner.
Linda recalled what Elisa told her just now when she perceived her attitude. Now that they were 'friends', Elisa might think she was petty if she kept rejecting her request.
"Okay then, I'll answer it." Linda pretended to compromise for the sake of Elisa.
"Elisa?" Gareth's deep voice that was tinged with concern came forth the moment Linda answered the call. Linda glanced at Elisa before saying, "Hi, Mr. Wickam, Elisa is in the washroom now. I can help pass your message to her."Her soft, gentle voice matched the characteristics of 'Melinda'.
Nonetheless, both Gareth and Elisa knew that she was not Melinda but Linda!
Elisa smirked when Linda spoke in a soft voice, while Gareth frowned when he heard Linda's voice.
###chapter1656
Chapter 1656 Let Go of the Past Elisa was aware of Linda's disguise, so she wouldn't possibly fall into her trap. However, it didn't make sense that her phone was now with Linda.
"Ask her to call me back," Gareth uttered coldly. Linda was hurt by his disdainful, arrogant attitude. He didn't even bother to ask her to pass a message. As such, she thought Gareth might have suspected her.
"Wait a minute. She's back." Linda passed the phone to Elisa.
Elisa knew the call had affected Linda. She instantly took over the phone and asked Gareth, "What is it?"
Gareth asked, "What's going on?"
Elisa replied indifferently, "I walked away to answer nature's call and passed my bag to Melinda in a hurry. I'll only leave after the banquet ends. You can go home first."
She knew Linda was observing her, so she didn't show much expression.
"I'll wait for you." Gareth insisted. Elisa did not answer further.
After hanging up the call, Linda hesitantly told Elisa about her feelings. "Elisa, you didn't know Mr. Wickam's attitude when I picked up the call just now. If you're not beside me, I'll surely become the main suspect."
"Sigh! I thought I could avoid him, but who knew he would call? Melinda, I'll contact you tomorrow to discuss the plan." Elisa deliberately heaved a sigh.
"Sigh! I thought I could ovoid him, but who knew he would coll? Melindo, I'll contoct you tomorrow to discuss the plon." Eliso deliberotely heoved o sigh.
Lindo nodded os she wos interested in Eliso's proposol.
The bonquet wos held for 'Melindo.' When Lindo ond Eliso stepped out of the woshroom, the Gorners come to bring Lindo owoy.
Lindo looked ot Eliso opologeticolly ond soid, "I'm sorry, Eliso. I gotto go."
If the Gorners didn't interrupt them, Lindo intended to stoy longer with Eliso."See you tomorrow then." Eliso woved ot Lindo with o smile.
As soon os Lindo left, Goreth oppeored beside Eliso. "You become friends with her?" He osked in perplexity.
Lindo returned with this foke identity. Given the grudges between Eliso ond her, how could they possibly become friends?
Eliso loughed, "If you don't believe it, do you think it could be reol?" Her intention wos cleor. Both Lindo ond her were testing eoch other.
"Sigh! I thought I could avoid him, but who knew he would call? Melinda, I'll contact you tomorrow to discuss the plan." Elisa deliberately heaved a sigh.
Linda nodded as she was interested in Elisa's proposal.
The banquet was held for 'Melinda.' When Linda and Elisa stepped out of the washroom, the Garners came to bring Linda away.
Linda looked at Elisa apologetically and said, "I'm sorry, Elisa. I gotta go."
If the Garners didn't interrupt them, Linda intended to stay longer with Elisa.
"See you tomorrow then." Elisa waved at Linda with a smile.
As soon as Linda left, Gareth appeared beside Elisa. "You became friends with her?" He asked in perplexity.
Linda returned with this fake identity. Given the grudges between Elisa and her, how could they possibly become friends?
Elisa laughed, "If you don't believe it, do you think it could be real?" Her intention was clear. Both Linda and her were testing each other.
Just now, she purposely asked Linda to answer the call to stir up her anger and hatred.
After all, no one could remain calm in front of their love.
Linda had been living for Gareth her whole life!
Gareth pointed out an important point. "Aren't you guys tired of pretending?" He thought they didn't have to put on a show since both didn't genuinely intend to become friends.Elisa sniggered, "Are you saying that I should stick to my initial plan? Or, you really hope for me to become real friends with her and let go of the past?" Elisa turned around to question Gareth. Her gaze was filled with coldness and disappointment.
Perceiving that Elisa misunderstood him, Gareth immediately explained. "I don't mean that. I just think that you guys don't have to put on an act just to test each other."
###chapter1657
Chapter 1657 Are You Jealous Elisa retorted instantly, "You can go and talk to Linda. If she's willing, both of you might be able to get back together."
With that, Elisa walked away.
Gareth's face turned solemn as he cursed inwardly. He quickly caught up with Elisa and said, "I don't mean that. You should know that she..."
"What about her? Have you forgotten how she 'died'?" Elisa interrupted Gareth sternly before he could finish his sentence.
Gareth fell into silence. Of course, he knew Linda's 'death' caused a sensation in Bayswe and caused Elisa to be criticized. However, after the trip to Moranta and their close contact, he understood there must be a reason behind it all.
Nonetheless, he knew Elisa and Linda would never reconcile, so he didn't plan to persuade Elisa either.
Pressing his lips, Gareth regained his composure and said, "I have no comments about her. You're well aware of her motives."
Elisa nodded in agreement but remained sulky. "Yeah. Her motive is to snatch away all I have now. She wants me dead so that she can return to you. Mr. Wickam, you're the root of all problems. Why don't you fix everything?" She deliberately made a sarcastic remark.
Gareth's expression turned grim. He furrowed his brows and gazed at the petty woman. "Elisa, you don't have to provoke me with these words. Linda and I are not what you think."
Goreth's expression turned grim. He furrowed his brows ond gozed ot the petty womon. "Eliso, you don't hove to provoke me with these words. Lindo ond I ore not whot you think."
Eliso refused to listen to Goreth os she cleorly remembered the post. She sniggered ond went stroight to the point. "Don't tell me thot whot I witnessed in the post wos o show put on by you ond Lindo to provoke me. I didn't lose my memory. I only ottended the bonquet todoy due to my identity ond to show respect to the Gorner fomily. As for you, you know best why you come. Don't pretend to be so dignified!"
Eliso didn't believe Goreth come becouse of her but thought he merely wonted to meet Lindo.In foct, even Eliso couldn't understond herself. She wos oggrieved by whot hoppened in the post ond wos tired of being entongled with Goreth. Yet, Goreth occosionolly gove Eliso the illusion thot he hod follen for her.
Gareth's expression turned grim. He furrowed his brows and gazed at the petty woman. "Elisa, you don't have to provoke me with these words. Linda and I are not what you think."
Elisa refused to listen to Gareth as she clearly remembered the past. She sniggered and went straight to the point. "Don't tell me that what I witnessed in the past was a show put on by you and Linda to provoke me. I didn't lose my memory. I only attended the banquet today due to my identity and to show respect to the Garner family. As for you, you know best why you came. Don't pretend to be so dignified!"
Elisa didn't believe Gareth came because of her but thought he merely wanted to meet Linda.
In fact, even Elisa couldn't understand herself. She was aggrieved by what happened in the past and was tired of being entangled with Gareth. Yet, Gareth occasionally gave Elisa the illusion that he had fallen for her.
At that moment, the last thing she wanted was to be entangled with Gareth, so she turned to leave, but Gareth swiftly grasped her.
Elisa attempted to push Gareth away, but Gareth pinned her against the wall to prevent her from resisting. He stared at the sullen woman with his deep-set eyes. "Are you jealous?"
Elisa looked at Gareth in surprise and blurted, "Are you drunk?"
What nonsense is he talking about? He must be kidding me to think that I'm jealous!
Gareth replied firmly, "If you aren't jealous, why are you behaving strangely after meeting Linda? Elisa, since you still have feelings for me, why..."
"Excuse me. I have no feelings for you anymore. I loved you before, but now, I only want to focus on my career. I'm sorry for the misunderstanding caused by what I said earlier. But I need to remind you to get rid of your arrogant attitude!"
Elisa was indignant because she thought Gareth was concerned about Linda and hoped for her to reconcile with Linda!
###chapter1658
Chapter 1658 Am I That Stupid
Wait a minute. Am I angry because Gareth is concerned about Linda? I shouldn't be bothered whether Gareth still cares about Linda. Why am I angry? 
Elisa was speechless when she realized her frustration, and she despised herself. Gareth was right— she was indeed jealous. 
Little did she know Gareth caught her subtle frown. He didn't believe Elisa. "Elisa, you can be true to yourself, just like me. It's not difficult." 
Elisa was at a loss for words and simply couldn't accept it because Gareth made her sound like a coward. 
Elisa rebuked crabbily, "What do you mean? If I were afraid, I wouldn't have lost myself and wasted three years with you. You're the one who initiated the divorce. I'm not cold-blooded like you. Of course, I had feelings for you during the three-years marriage." 
Elisa reached out her hand to push Gareth, but Gareth stood motionless like a mountain. 
"Since you still have feelings for me, and I've figured out my own feelings too, why don't you give me a chance? Is my intention lately not obvious enough?" Gareth questioned Elisa. 
Sure enough, his intention couldn't be more obvious. He always cared for her, knew her preferences, and even shielded her from the gunshot. He did all he could to restore their relationship. However, Elisa had been desperate and deeply hurt, so she couldn't easily forget what had happened just because of Gareth's recent actions. 
Elisa tightened her grip on Gareth's wrist, causing him to wince in pain, but he still stepped forward to Elisa relentlessly. Finally, Elisa jabbed a needle into his neck. 
Gareth stared at Elisa in disbelief as he didn't expect her to harm him. Perceiving Gareth's expression, Elisa uttered aloofly, "I've told you we should keep a distance. Since you refused to listen, I'm not a pushover either." 
Gareth didn't answer. Just as Elisa was about to leave, he covered his chest and frowned in agony. He didn't let out a cry, but his distorted expression said it all. 
Elisa halted her step when she saw Gareth's condition. Recalling the scene when Gareth shielded her
from the bullet, her heart softened, and she reached out her hand to feel his pulse. However, the next second, Gareth grabbed her waist, seized her hand, and pinned her to the wall once again. 
Before Elisa could realize what was going on, Gareth pressed his lips against hers and forcefully restrained her hands above her head. 
Elisa's heart jolted as she stared at the man in shock. She instinctively struggled to break away from him, but she was not as strong as Gareth. 
"Let…" Elisa attempted to say something, but Gareth kissed her even more fervently. 
Elisa's face turned gloomy. She couldn't break away from him no matter how she struggled, yet she couldn't bring herself to bite him. Suddenly, Gareth slumped onto the ground with his face turning pale as a sheet. 
Elisa glared at him threateningly. "Gareth Wickam, you used the same trick twice. Am I that stupid to you?" 
It was the first time Gareth forced himself upon Elisa, disregarding her feelings, which disgusted her. 
Gareth didn't reply to her but collapsed onto the floor with his eyes closed. Elisa's heart skipped a beat. "Gareth?" She called out to him. 
Perceiving no response from Gareth, she crouched down to nudge him, but Gareth remained motionless… 
###chapter1659
Chapter 1659 Couldn't Stand By and Watch
Gareth wouldn't stoop to such extremes, even if he wanted to fake being ill. 
Elisa checked Gareth's pulse and was alarmed by his irregular and erratic beats. 
The poison inside his body was wreaking havoc, disrupting his system! 
Fortunately, Elisa had her medical toolkit and emergency pills in her bag, which she had brought to the hospital. 
Without them, she wouldn't have been able to save Gareth in this unfamiliar place with no available medication. 
After giving Gareth the emergency pill, Elisa immediately called Thomas. 
Thomas's instincts kicked in, sensing something was wrong as it was in the late hours of the night, "Is there something wrong, Ms. Benett?" 
"The poison is acting up. We're at Garner Residence. Can you come and pick us up?" 
Elisa wanted to find someone to help get Gareth into the car because his current condition wasn't safe for him to move around, even after taking the medication. 
Gareth needed to stay still and lie down for at least an hour to avoid complications like blood flow disruption or severe bleeding. 
Thomas was thrown into a frenzy when he heard about Gareth's poisoning incident at Garner Residence. 
He promptly set aside the files he had been occupied with and raced to the location. 
Just like what Elisa had anticipated, Thomas arrived at Garner Residence within slightly over an hour.
After examining Gareth's pulse and verifying its stability, Elisa joined Thomas in carefully transporting Gareth off the premises. 
Meanwhile, Linda received an unexpected call from her enigmatic boss. 
The person on the other end of the line interrogated, "What's going on between you and Elisa Benett? Gareth Wickam is now unconscious and being escorted out of Garner Residence. Did you have anything to do with it?" 
"Elisa reached out to me, saying she wanted to be friends. Initially, I thought she had discovered something, but it became apparent that she had a motive. So, I decided to go along with it, trying to uncover her motives. As for Gareth being unconscious, I honestly have no clue." 
Linda was equally clueless about Gareth's condition. 
The fact that she was clueless about important developments like this explained it all. 
Her boss warned, "You better watch out. You know what to do if Elisa exposes your identity. As for now, the plan isn't fully developed yet, so stick to the original one and don't make any reckless moves!" 
"I know." 
Linda had no choice but to concur with her boss, whose identity remained a mystery. 
However, there was no denying one fact. The makeup artist hired by Mrs. Garner was a true genius. And even if Elisa managed to catch a glimpse of their agenda, Linda would never give up her life just because her boss expected her to take that extreme route. 
Linda's boss expected her to sacrifice herself rather than risk exposing her identity if their plan was uncovered. She had 'died' once and wouldn't let Elisa completely erase her existence! 
With that in mind, Linda had formulated her own plan. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had intended to send Gareth back to Wickam Manor. However, Thomas brought up Julia in his concern, "Ms. Benett, Old Mrs. Wickam still doesn't know about Mr. Wickam's poisoning and injuries. If we send Mr. Wickam back to Wickam Manor, Old Mrs. Wickam would find out..." 
"Mr. Wickam has multiple properties and houses elsewhere. There's no need to go back there," Thomas remarked. 
He was concerned about Gareth's injuries and simultaneously attempted to reconcile Gareth and Elisa. 
Thomas furrowed and voiced his worry, "We can send Mr. Wickam back to Wickam Manor alone, but what if his condition worsens? Ms. Benett, I understand you no longer wish to revolve around Mr. Wickam. And it was his fault to have wronged you in the past. But we're dealing with a person's life here. You can't just stand by and let him die, can you?!" 
###chapter1660
Chapter 1660 Not Willing
Returning to Wickam Manor was out of the question, and bringing Gareth to her place wasn't a viable option either. 
Elisa considered Thomas and said, "Hey, Thomas, how about taking him to your place? Cause honestly, given the current state of our relationship, it's not good for me to be involved in his affair too much." 
"I still have some emergency pills here. You still have the prescriptions I gave you last time, right? With your efficiency, you can prepare those medicines today. Then tomorrow, you can continue decocting and bathing him as per the previous instructions." 
"Huh?!" 
Thomas had expected Elisa to suggest bringing Gareth to her place, so he was taken aback when she refused and proposed going through the trouble instead. Had their relationship become so strained once again? 
But didn't they attend the Garner family gathering earlier today? To everyone else, it looked like they had reconciled and remarried. 
Noticing Thomas's surprise at her request, "What's wrong? Is it inconvenient to bring him to your place?" 
"It's not about that. Considering Mr. Wickam's current condition, it would be better to have a professional by his side, don't you think? Ms. Benett, I'm just being practical. If I were to find another doctor for Mr. Wickam now and risk leaking his current health condition to his enemies. Then it would…
You know Mr. Wickam's condition the best, and it would be ideal if you stayed by his side to care for him." 
"My house is tiny, and there might not be enough space if you come along," Thomas carried on voicing his ion. 
Elisa paused for a moment, realizing that Thomas had a valid point. 
She glanced at Gareth, who was sitting in the back seat. Despite lingering anger over his earlier actions, she couldn't deny that Gareth had shielded her from the bullet. 
Elisa didn't want to give him any more ammunition to use against her! 
Reluctantly, she brought Thomas and Gareth back to her own place. 
Thomas followed the prescription she gave him and prepared the medicines. Throughout the night, he toiled between boiling the medicine and supervising Gareth's medicated bath while Elisa administered the medicine, staying by Gareth's side all night. 
Gareth remained in an unconscious state throughout the night. 
In the morning, Elisa checked Gareth's pulse. Although it wasn't as steady as before, it improved much compared to when the poison flared up the previous day. 
Considering she had a meeting with the business partners, Elisa told Thomas, "You stay here and take
care of him. Make sure he eats something when he wakes up. If there's anything unusual, just call me." 
"Are you heading out, Ms. Benett?" Thomas marveled at Elisa's fresh appearance, impressed by how put together she looked despite not sleeping all night. 
Elisa nodded and replied, "Yeah, you remember the car accident that Will and I were involved in? I am responsible for taking care of him, and I also have a meeting with our business partners today." 
"I see. Don't worry, Ms. Benett. You go ahead and do what you need to do. I'll take care of Mr. Wickam
here," Thomas assured her. 
Elisa had matters to attend to, and Thomas understood that he shouldn't stop her. 
However, during Elisa's meeting with the three business partners, they inquired about Gareth, "Mrs. Wickam, isn't Mr. Wickam here with you today?" 
Despite the Benett family's prominence as a well-established company in Bayswe, Gareth's influence and authority convinced them to cooperate with Elisa. 
They were displeased that Gareth was absent from the meeting. 
Elisa could sense their chagrin and smiled in response, "Mr. Wickam might have had a little too much to drink at the Garner family's banquet yesterday. However, his presence or absence doesn't change anything about our collaboration."
###chapter1661
Chapter 1661 Not Willing to Hear Your Disparagement of Women
However, as soon as Elisa said that, they were taken aback and immediately fired back at her. 
"What? Are you kidding me? It's not even close! Throughout history, men have handled external affairs while women have handled domestic matters. Yes, you may be the chairwoman of the Benett family now. Still, there are certain areas where we cannot collaborate on equal terms. But if Mr. Wickam is here, we could achieve a win-win situation through his involvement." 
"Mr. Chariot has a point. Besides, there are intricate details in certain matters that you, being new to the business world, might overlook. Having Mr. Wickam by your side guarantees success, don't you think so?" 
"Any idea when Mr. Wickam will sober up? We don't mind rescheduling the meeting to the afternoon to have him join us." 
Although the three business partners expressed their sentiments in different ways, their underlying intention was the same, which was to wait for Gareth's presence before discussing cooperation. Their expressions clearly conveyed their belief that Elisa, as a woman, could not engage in business discussions, and they preferred negotiating with Gareth. 
Their claim of connecting with the Benett family was merely an excuse. 
Elisa was tempted when Gareth offered to help her establish a foothold in the Benett family. However, she was unwilling to enter a cooperative relationship that required her to compromise her principles and self-respect. 
In response, Elisa swiftly refuted their pompous mindset, "I beg your pardon. There is no such thing as
men exclusively handling external affairs and women solely focusing on household and childcare. Women are equally capable of achieving greatness. Look at the legendary Joan of Arc, Queen Elizabeth I, and Marie Curie examples. They are perfect role models of successful female leaders throughout history!" 
Often, these arrogant men clung to their outdated mindset, believing they were inherently superior and more capable than women. 
"Ms. Benett, I see where you're coming from, but let's not ignore that men have held positions of power throughout history, such as kings and patriarchs. Why are women expected to fight battles while men dominate the business world?" Mr. Chariot retorted, his tone laced with irritation. 
His words struck a chord with Elisa. She refused to accept the notion of male superiority and was determined to challenge such stereotypes. 
She declared in a solid and assertive tone, "I came here today to discuss potential collaboration, not to endure your derogatory comments about women. If you prefer to negotiate directly with Gareth, then go ahead. I, Elisa Benett, refuse to be a pawn and will not partner with pompous people like you who seek to gain favor through manipulation!" 
"Plus, if you truly have what it takes, you wouldn't need me as a conduit for your collaboration with Gareth!" Elisa spoke candidly. 
The expressions of the three business partners instantly turned grave. 
Mr. Chariot changed his tone and threatened, "Elisa, don't you realize the potential consequences of offending us and compromising the project? You may have Gareth's support, but that doesn't give you the authority to disrespect us!" 
Elisa sneered, "Didn't I make myself clear? I have no interest in partnering with you. The door is right there. Please do us a favor and leave this meeting. Thank you!" 
"How delusional of you! Let's be honest; if it weren't for Gareth's support, we wouldn't even consider collaborating with your family. " 
"Exactly! Your current standing is solely due to Mr. Wickam's assistance and efforts. If he divorced you once, he could do it again!" 
Human nature can be so unpredictable. They were all smiles one moment, and their expressions turned devilish the next. 
But just as Elisa was about to speak, a cold and commanding voice cut through the air, growing louder as it approached. 
###chapter1662
Chapter 1662 Sincere Apologies Required
"Are you a mind reader, Mr. Lang? You seem to know exactly what I'm thinking," a voice cut through the tension, catching the attention of the three men. 
They turned their heads to find Gareth approaching, his black suit accentuating his imposing figure and exuding an air of confidence and authority. 
The sight of Gareth made the business partners feel a sense of unease. 
And Mr. Lang, in particular, scrambled to explain himself in front of Gareth, his words becoming jumbled and disjointed under the weight of Gareth's intense gaze, "Mr. Wickam, please don't mistake my meaning. I...I..." 
Elisa didn't want to rely on Gareth's presence to manipulate the situation. 
Even without Gareth, she wasn't intimidated by these three business partners. 
While they failed to detect any signs of Gareth's weakened health, Elisa could sense a slight quiver in his voice. He was still recovering! 
What was wrong with him? Hadn't the poisoning incident from the previous night been enough? Why did he have to come and interfere in her affairs instead of resting at home? 
Did he think she was incapable and needed his help? Or did he believe she couldn't handle these three small-timers alone? 
Gareth, standing nearby, sneered coldly, "Well, if that's not what you meant, then what did you mean? I
have the right to support whoever I want and marry whomever I choose. Last I checked, Mr. Lang isn't one of the Wickams, so…?" 
He subtly conveyed that they should mind their own business and that he couldn't be bothered by their opinion. 
Mr. Lang mustered an awkward smile as he apologized, "Mr. Wickam, I'm sorry for the confusion that arose during our conversation with Mrs. Wickam. I admit I spoke impulsively and may have said some unpleasant things..." 
"Should I slap you for being impulsive and disrespecting my wife? And shouldn't your apology be directed towards my wife instead of me?" Gareth coldly interjected, cutting off Mr. Lang's sentence. 
Gareth's words of question sent a chill down Mr. Lang's spine. 
He asked Mr. Lang to slap himself for speaking impulsively and disrespecting Elisa. It was a trap for Mr. Lang to go along with his words! And if he didn't do as Gareth said, it would mean offending him! 
But if Mr. Lang followed Gareth's lead and apologized to Elisa in front of the other two CEO's, it would mean compromising his dignity and becoming a subject of mockery in the industry. 
Elisa stood silently, observing the unfolding situation. She knew Gareth was lending his support, so she went with the flow. 
After all, these three men had brought this upon themselves. 
"Hold on a second! Weren't those your own words? If you're going to apologize, then do it sincerely. And both of you should also apologize to my wife!" Gareth fired back at Mr. Lang, addressing the other two business partners. 
After the Garner family banquet yesterday, Gareth had expected these individuals to cooperate with the Benett Corporation as a gesture of respect towards him, thereby assisting Elisa in establishing her role and influence within the Benett family. 
However, it appeared that Gareth's anticipation didn't materialize as expected but added more pressure
on Elisa. 
This outcome was not what Gareth had envisioned, but now that it had occurred, he felt a sense of duty to assist Elisa in resolving the situation and allowing her to vent her frustrations! 
The three men exchanged uneasy glances, realizing the consequences of their actions. 
Their ingrained male chauvinism made them undermine Elisa. 
The three men were reluctant to apologize, but Gareth's words hung over them. If they didn't say sorry to Elisa as Gareth told them, would it harm their reputation in Bayswe? 
Their expressions turned sour as they exchanged glances. 
"Mrs. Wickam, we're sorry for what we said earlier. We were being total sexist morons. We hope you can forgive us." 
As they spoke, they reluctantly slapped themselves in the face. It might not be the most genuine apology, but seeing them do that relieved and satisfied Elisa. 
###chapter1663
Chapter 1663 Always on My Mind
Witnessing the shattered pride of the chauvinistic trio, Elisa decided to let go of the grudge. She said coldly, "I don't want to see any of you again." 
"This..." 
Mr. Lang and Mr. Chariot exchanged confused glances. They had assumed that after apologizing, they still had a chance to negotiate a collaboration, especially with Gareth present. 
Little did they expect Elisa to give them the cold shoulder and reject any further business opportunities. 
Did Elisa mean she wanted them to get lost? 
Gareth's eyes turned icy as he declared, "Didn't you hear what my wife said? Get the hell out of here!" 
"Ah… Okay, okay. We will leave!" 
Fearful of offending Gareth, the three men nodded and reluctantly walked away. 
Even if Gareth hadn't intervened, Elisa wouldn't have allowed them to undermine her, regardless of their business collaboration. 
Gareth's words solidified the rumor about their remarriage, suggesting an underlying motive behind his actions. 
"Hey, are you trying to impose remarriage on me? How could you force me to accept something against my will?" Elisa voiced her discontent and furrowed her eyebrows. 
Gareth thought differently, "Wasn't our appearance at the Garner family banquet yesterday a declaration of our relationship? Besides, you said you weren't planning to get involved with anyone soon. Don't you think leveraging my influence would benefit your endeavors? I believe being together would open more opportunities for you, not the other way around." 
Moreover, Gareth was confident that he would give up once Will found out they had remarried. Deep down, Gareth believed that with his unwavering persistence and genuine remorse, there was a chance for Elisa to reconsider and give their love another chance. It seemed worth pursuing. 
Elisa couldn't help but feel incredulous. "So, you're resorting to such sneaky tactics?" 
Gareth disagreed with Elisa's statement. "Liz, please don't say that. It's not a sneaky tactic if we could go back to how we used to be." 
"How we used to be?" Elisa laughed sarcastically, "Mr. Wickam, I've had my fair share of those three years that felt like a widowhood-like marriage! If you want to experience it again, you can find someone else. With your abilities, breaking up a couple in love would be a piece of cake." 
It wasn't that Elisa was being abrasive, but those three years were a living hell for her. Memories she never wanted to relive. 
Hearing this, Gareth's expression darkened. "Why are you suddenly being so unreasonable and exaggerating?" 
Returning to her desk, Elisa retorted, "Am I being unreasonable? Didn't you say you wanted to return to how we were initially? Do you not remember what it was like?" 
"If you want to experience a sorrowful marriage, why not break up a couple in love? It seems like that's more up your alley," Elisa glared at Gareth. 
Compared to when Elisa used to despise him, there was now a hint of resentment in her eyes. 
Gareth had a sinking feeling that he must have appeared like a delusional id*ot to her... 
He swallowed hard and proceeded, "I came to see you as soon as I woke up, hoping to support you in our collaboration..." 
Deep down, Gareth had been swayed by Thomas' insight, "Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett still cares about you. It's evident in her concern for your health. If you can, try showing a bit of vulnerability around her. You know... we men... we can be adaptable and accommodating. And it's not like you're putting on an act for everyone but for Ms. Benett, the woman you've longed to reconcile with." 
Though Gareth initially scolded Thomas for his seemingly absurd suggestion, he couldn't deny the wisdom and truth in his words. 
Gareth longed to remarry Elisa. As a man, he was willing to be flexible and make compromises. 
###chapter1664
Chapter 1664 I'm Not in the Mood to Play
Elisa fixed her gaze on Gareth, remaining silent. 
Gareth recalled Thomas' advice on feigning vulnerability before Elisa, but he wasn't sure how to execute it. He was worried that she would see through his facade if he suddenly complained about pain from his injuries. 
But if he disregarded Thomas' suggestion, his visit would be in vain... 
Caught in a mental struggle, Gareth hesitated. However, Elisa broke the silence, asking, "Mr. Wickam, is there something else you wanted to say?" 
"Yes!" 
Elisa's question provided an opening for Gareth to proceed. He continued, "When I woke up, I had difficulty breathing and felt a heaviness in my chest." 
"Is that so?" Elisa maintained a skeptical expression. 
Gareth nodded, maintaining his composure as he looked Elisa in the eyes, "Of course! If you don't believe me, you can check for yourself." 
Once bitten, twice shy. Elisa had learned her lesson and wouldn't fall for Gareth's act again, especially not now that he was fully conscious and not in a state of confusion or weakness. 
She smirked, "Well, Mr. Wickam, when you scolded those men earlier, you sounded perfectly composed and strong. You didn't sound like someone struggling with health issues. You know what…
you don't have to pretend, for my sake. If you're looking for someone of wife material which will also appease your grandmother, then go ahead and advertise for a bride based on her preferences." 
"But there's only one Elisa Benett in this world. You're exceptional in medicine and have everything my grandmother loves. Plus, starting from scratch with someone else would be a waste of time." 
Gareth pursed his lips, realizing Elisa wasn't falling for his act. 
After all, he couldn't bring himself to act stubborn and shameless. 
Elisa countered, "If that's the case, go ahead and stick to your requirements and search for a bride. There are countless women in this city, and I'm sure you'll come across at least a few who meet your standards." 
"By the way, let me clarify something. We never had the level of familiarity that you claim. Don't speak like we went through a long adjustment period and getting to know each other. We didn't!" 
"Mr. Wickam, if you don't have any other important matters, please leave. I have a lot of things to attend to." 
Elisa had run out of patience and didn't want to continue the conversation with him. 
Gareth had put in the effort to come here, and leaving without accomplishing anything made him reluctant. 
He approached her and suggested, "Let's find other partners since those morons are unwilling to cooperate with you. We'll head to Foris City tomorrow, and my cousin's wedding is just around the
corner." 
"Didn't Grandma say there's still over a month left?" Elisa frowned, recalling Julia's mention of the wedding date. 
Elisa didn't want to be fooled by Gareth again. 
"Meet and have a good time with the collaborators; time will fly by. This time, you can be assured that those three won't be around to bother you." 
Gareth reassured her, trying to convince her. 
Elisa shook her head. "Fine. Let me know when it's time to go to Foris City, but count me out on the 'fun' part. I'm not in the mood for parties or enjoyment." 
She had many things to handle, and there had been no progress on her mother's side. Thinking of this, Elisa remembered her uncle Winslow. 
Winslow had always treated her well, and since her return to the country, she had been so busy that she hadn't even had time to call him. 
"If you don't want to party and have fun, let's meet with the collaborators and attend the wedding..." 
"But there aren't that many collaborators to meet, right?" 
Although Gareth was there to support her with the collaboration, but as Elisa had mentioned, there weren't many collaborators to meet.
###chapter1665
Chapter 1665 What For?
Gareth promised confidently, "I can provide so much more if we work together." 
"Why don't you tell me that as long as we remarry, my status will take an instant leap? Not only can I secure my position in Benett Corporation, but everyone in Bayswe would also respect me," Elisa retorted sarcastically. 
He nodded. "Well, you're right." 
What? Since when did he become so shameless? 
She rolled her eyes at him disdainfully. "Even so, that's your idea, not mine. I am busy and have no time to waste with this nonsense. If you aren't feeling well, ask Thomas to brew the medicine for you." 
With that, she turned on the laptop on her desk and ignored him. 
Yet, he started dismissing the idea. "What could Thomas do? Everything he knows is taught by you. Since you are already here, why should I ask him to do it? If other people found out another man is taking care of me–" 
"So what? Aren't you now alone with Elisa in broad daylight? Why don't you have any reservations about that instead?" 
Accompanied by the clacking of high heels, a cold voice rang from a distance, refuting Gareth's logic. 
Elisa was pleasantly surprised when she heard the voice. 
She raised her head and saw Rachel walking toward her in a beige mini-skirt, with Vincent following closely behind her. 
It had been almost a month since they last met. 
"Rachel, what brings you here?" Elisa welcomed her immediately. 
Rachel nudged her temples. "To visit you, of course! I came here right after my flight landed from Moranta. Ha, I bet you didn't know the plane had some technical issues. Even after Vincent booked a private jet, it was still not working. If I didn't see him give his friend a scolding, I would really suspect he did it on purpose," she huffed in annoyance. 
They were forced to do an emergency landing on an island in an airport that barely had anything. The problem was fixed after a long wait. 
If distance wasn't a problem and they were taking a plane, she would have rented a car and driven back home. There was no need for all the waiting. 
It was out of Elisa's expectations that Rachel's journey back was riddled with many obstacles. 
She shot a glance at Vincent, who shrugged nonchalantly. 
It seemed like there was no need for him to play such tricks. More importantly, they were home safely. 
Elisa felt touched. She knew why Rachel went to Moranta, and she would never forget the favor. 
"Let's go celebrate your return!" With that, Elisa held her hand and started walking out of the room. 
Be it in Moranta or in Bayswe, Rachel cared about Elisa the most. Her biggest worry was Gareth. To her, he was a jerk who insisted on clinging to Elisa without respecting her wishes. 
Even after their divorce, he's still pestering her. Yet, when the rumors hit, he did nothing to clarify it. He's useless! 
Upon seeing Gareth's darkened face, Vincent quickly tried to salvage the situation. "Well, even after breaking up, some people still get back together. Some people remarry the same person too." 
###chapter1666
Chapter 1666 I Have Something to Ask You
However, Rachel glared at him as a signal to shut his mouth. 
Then, she made a decision for Elisa immediately. "I'm sorry, but Elisa is not stupid enough to get back together with you. What's done is done. Mr. Wickam, we are all adults. Can you stop playing these childish tricks?" 
Gareth had always been a cold person who wouldn't accept criticism from others. 
Elisa tugged on Rachel's hands, but the latter ignored her. 
Gareth's jaw tightened around the edges; his eyes narrowed as he glared at her. 
Nevertheless, Rachel ignored him and held Elisa's arms. "Let's go, Elisa. Let them stay here as long as they like!" 
With that, they walked away, leaving Gareth and Vincent behind in the president's office of Benett Corporation. 
Gareth shifted his cold gaze to Vincent, who shrugged. 
"I didn't know you were here. I'm trying my best to change her mind about me, so I can't help you here. If you want to get back together with Elisa, you have to convince Rachel first." 
Elisa was a completely different person from before. Apart from that, Rachel previously knew everything about Elisa's life since they were the closest of friends. 
Surely she wouldn't let Elisa sink into Gareth's world again. 
Gareth muttered stonily with contempt in his eyes, "I'm counting on you now." 
"Me?" 
Vincent was shocked to hear that. When he realized the underlying meaning, he sighed wistfully. 
"I have no way to help you with Rachel. If I could do that, she wouldn't have continued humiliating you even after my comment. Blame yourself for taking everything for granted before. It's a tragedy chasing after your ex-wife now. Serves you right!" 
Gareth shot him a murderous glare at him in response. 
Vincent shook his head and looked at him helplessly. "I'm telling the truth here. There's no use getting mad at me," he sighed. 
The situation was exactly as he said. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Rachel were out of Benett Corporation. 
When they bumped into Norman in the lobby, he greeted them politely. "Hi, Ms. Bennett, Ms. Markee." 
Elisa ignored him, but Rachel was surprised. 
She gently tugged Elisa's sleeves and asked, "That was Norman, wasn't it? Did I recognize the wrong person?" 
Elisa smiled at her reaction. "You're right. He's Norman indeed." 
Rachel did not believe that his gestures were genuine. "I think he's up to something fishy. You better be careful, Elisa. We have to protect ourselves not only from the daily dangers but also from *ssholes and Norman. Now that I'm back, I will never allow Gareth to interact with you. I'm worried that you might dive back into the same situation." 
No matter how dissatisfied Rachel was with Gareth, she only dared to call him names behind his back. 
Elisa nodded. "I know. Don't worry. I won't be a fool twice. What do you feel like eating? It's my treat." 
At that moment, her phone rang. It was Linda, whose patience had run out. 
She picked it up with a sarcastic smile. 
After saying hi, her voice rang on the other end. 
"Elisa, are you busy? I have something to ask you," she said pretentiously. 
###chapter1667
Chapter 1667 The Mastermind Behind Linda
Me? Elisa chuckled upon hearing Linda's question. 
"I've just finished work. If you want to meet me… Alright, I will send you a location later. I'm with a friend." 
"Sure," Linda replied swiftly, not even asking about the friend. She was not worried about having another presence with them. 
It seemed like an urgent matter. 
Amused by the urgency in her voice, a mischievous idea sparked in Elisa's head as she contemplated toying with her further. She kept her tone even, not divulging anything as she replied, "See you later then. I'll send you the location once we know where to go." 
"Sure, Elisa." 
With that, they hung up. 
However, Rachel was curious about her sudden spark of interest in the conversation. "Who are you calling, and who's joining us?" 
As she was right next to Elisa, she could hear Linda's voice and concluded that it was not their mutual friend. 
Hence, she wanted to know who had become Elisa's new friend. 
Elisa wanted to tell her that Melinda Garner was actually Linda. Still, she had second thoughts upon remembering Rachel's feisty temper. If she were to find out, she was going to pick on Linda. The game would lose its fun if Linda became suspicious. 
Judging by Linda's position, the Garner family would not have provided her with such an identity because of her father. After all, he had been demoted to a normal employee. She wasn't that valuable of an asset to have. 
This situation made it clear that there was a mastermind behind Linda. 
Could it be Nicole? It doesn't seem like it – because of the videos I exposed, they have suffered huge losses, and their stock prices have decreased considerably. Gareth has also made it obvious that his target was them. It's impossible that they're behind this – they're not idiots. This means that another person is behind this, and they are either Gareth or my enemy. 
As she pondered over the situation, she felt the latter was more likely. After all, Linda's hatred toward her was so intense that she hoped Elisa could drop dead instantly. 
Rachel nudged Elisa, who was lost in her thoughts. "Hello? I just asked you a question. What are you thinking so deeply about?" 
Elisa returned to her senses and shook her head. "Nothing much. She's the long-lost daughter of the Garner family. I'll introduce you later – she's quite an interesting character." 
That was all she could explain without exposing Linda's true character. 
However, Rachel was not interested in her at all. "I bet you have your own plans to befriend her. But I
don't have any energy left to make new friends. The most we could be is just acquaintances. She won't be my friend the way you are to her. But wait, I think you're hiding something from me, Elisa. What are you thinking? A better question might be – what's your plan?" 
She's truly my best friend. She looks out for me in every single thing. 
Nevertheless, she didn't want to worry Rachel, nor did she want her best friend to take risks for herself. 
She put her hand on Rachel's shoulders and smiled. "What other plan do I have, apart from making lots of money and traveling around with you and Shenna?" 
"It's a great plan – there's no doubt about it. I'm just worried that you might be fooled by Gareth again. You seemed to have changed after working with him these days. Also, haven't you told me about Will? I think he's not a trustworthy person, either. Look at how much hate you gather online because of these two guys!" 
###chapter1668
Chapter 1668 What the Hell?
Rachel became furious the moment she remembered the hate comments about Elisa. 
How could those people write such harsh criticisms about a girl they barely know? 
Initially, Elisa was only aware that people thought she reconciled with Gareth. After that, because of Will, the netizens thought she was dancing around the two men. Of course, she didn't feel good about that either. 
However, she was not mad about it since Will was already heartbroken. 
Sometime later, all the comments were purged by either Gareth or Will. 
Elisa merely grinned. "I can't control what comes out from their mouth. Just let them say whatever they please. It doesn't matter if Will is trustworthy; I'm just working with him right now, and he once risked his life to save me. The same goes for Gareth. I will treat them as business partners and friends from now onward." 
As long as my heart doesn't waver, it's impossible to fall for anyone. 
Rachel shook her head and sighed. "Sure, you can do that. But will they treat you as a friend? Think about it!" 
She said nothing after that. Now that she was back, she was determined to keep an eye out for Elisa, not wanting the past to repeat itself. 
After leaving Benett Corporation, Elisa drove to a nearby mall and found a cafe. 
They ordered two cups of coffee before sending the location to Linda, who had been waiting. 
She immediately made her way there as soon as she received the message. 
Thirty minutes later, Linda appeared in front of them in a long, white dress with her long black hair falling naturally on her shoulders. 
A touch of makeup on her face enhanced her beautiful, doll-like face with dainty lips. 
"Hi, Elisa," she greeted in a soft, child-like voice that aroused Rachel's discomfort. 
Most men would like her voice, but it seemed artificial to Rachel. 
She's a real person, but she looks so plastic and fake. Weird. 
"This is my best friend, Rachel." Elisa started introducing them to each other. "Rachel, this is my new acquaintance, Melinda." 
"Hi, nice to meet you." 
They exchanged some pleasantries after that. 
Linda was an excellent actress, perfectly portraying the slight awkwardness of first meeting someone. She sat next to Elisa quietly for the entire time, as though she was a harmless little sister. 
Elisa ordered a jar of mango juice during the meal. If she remembered correctly, Linda was allergic to
mangoes. 
When the waiter served the drinks, Elisa had been quietly observing Linda, but there was no trace of panic on her face. 
In fact, she even volunteered to pour the drinks for them. 
"Elisa, since I have something to ask you, let me get this meal. I've interrupted your time with your friend after all." She smiled apologetically. 
Meanwhile, Rachel's heart sank. Gosh, why is her smile so fake? 
Elisa had no qualms about Linda spending money on them but still said the necessary pleasantries. "Oh, don't worry about that. Just order whatever you like, and I'll get the bill later." 
###chapter1669
Chapter 1669 Cursing Herself
The three women demonstrated their best acting skills as they looked through the menu. 
It surprised Elisa when Linda drank glasses of mango juice, one after another. 
No matter how much one changed their looks, voice, and preferences, the allergic reaction of the body still remained the same. 
Hence, Linda's dedication to playing her part exceeded Elisa's expectations. She didn't take any breaks at all. Of course, Elisa didn't pay too much attention to Linda to avoid raising doubts. 
Of course, Linda didn't gulp it down in one go. Instead, she took sips one after another as she talked to Elisa about her problems at work. 
"Elisa, you were the eldest daughter of the Benett family. How do you deal with anxiety when you have to attend those parties? Besides, I don't understand the technical terms of contracts and business deals. I suppose you had the same problem back then. How did you get through that?" She asked worriedly. 
Elisa replied with a smile, "Well, I'm just the eldest in the family on paper. My uncle used to take charge of everything. And about my life in the Benett family… well, it's not as good as you imagined, so I rarely participated in big parties. As for the contracts, you can always ask the people working for the company, like the assistants or secretaries. Even though we are friends and I can always teach you some stuff, I shouldn't look at the contracts. If something goes wrong, we will be the first to be in trouble." 
"Oh!" Linda responded in feigned surprise. "Don't you hold any grudges toward your cousin?" 
As Melinda, this question showed how much she looked into Elisa's background. However, she was actually Linda. 
Hence, it was just to test her. 
In the next second, she took out a contract. "Elisa, I trust you, and since you have your own successful business, I'm sure you wouldn't give up on long-term collaboration for the little profit. You wanted to be friends, so we should help each other. This is the contract for the bid at the Western Suburbs." 
Will mentioned that ZF Corporation will fully support this, including the development project. 
It seems like the Garner family is bound to win the bid. 
Elisa smiled wryly as she shook her head. "Why does my resentment matter? Linda had already committed suicide. I can't possibly go to her grave and dig out her corpse." 
"Hah! I don't care! People like Linda deserve to go to hell. If she wants to die, sure, go ahead! Yet, she live-streamed herself jumping off the building. Gosh! She's obviously announcing to the world that she'd been under so much pressure from Elisa until she couldn't take it anymore, pushing the blame onto Elisa. I hope she rots in hell!" Rachel blurted angrily as she slammed her glass onto the table, showing her rage toward Linda. 
To Elisa's surprise, Linda agreed. "From what you've just said, it's really despicable of Linda. Rotting in hell isn't even an adequate punishment for her!" 
Elisa was speechless upon hearing that. Is she insulting herself in front of us? Suppose Rachel knows
that Linda is sitting right across from her, trying to tolerate her insults while pretending to agree with her. In that case, Rachel is going to have a field day. 
"Let's continue with the meal. Don't let someone like her ruin our day." 
"Oh, I have a phone call." 
Suddenly, Linda's phone vibrated.
###chapter1670
Chapter 1670 A Menace
Linda nodded at them with an apologetic look on her face before walking away with her phone. 
Apart from that, she left everything on the table, including the contract. 
It seemed like Linda was unaware that Will was going to hand over the project to Elisa. She deliberately left it there to lure Elisa to sabotage the contract. 
If I want something badly, I will try my best using honorable means. I will never stoop so low. 
As soon as Linda left, Rachel divulged the peculiar feeling gnawing at her. 
"Elisa, something feels wrong with this woman. She feels so fake from head to toe. I know everyone's different in this world, but her voice and looks… What's wrong with me? Yet, this is only my first time meeting her. Something must be wrong with me!" 
If everything's alright, why do I feel that this living being right in front of me seems like a fake? 
Elisa burst out laughing upon hearing her words. "What's wrong with that? If you feel something's off, so be it. Why do you doubt yourself? Every individual stirs up different emotions in different people." 
"Wait, are you defending me? If she's truly your friend, you would have chastised me when I shared negative thoughts about her. It seems like she's not your genuine friend. I saw the disdainful expression on your face when you saw the contract. Without any concerns that I'm still around, you called her here and talked to her about Linda. What is going on? What are you plotting, and who is she? Linda's fangirl?" 
Her questions showed how well she knew Elisa after all these years. 
Since Rachel was so blunt, Elisa felt no need to conceal the truth further. 
Before telling her Linda's true identity, she said, "Before I tell you the truth, please keep your emotions and temper in check. Otherwise, this won't be fun anymore. Know the limits, alright?" 
Rachel became even more curious upon hearing that. She frowned as she replied, "You're playing around with this woman, yet you remind me to know my limits. Is she really Linda's fangirl who's planning to take revenge on you?" 
Elisa shook her head and smiled meaningfully. "Take more guesses." 
She deliberately pretended to be mysterious. 
If that isn't the case… Rachel's eyes suddenly widened incredulously. 
"Elisa, please don't tell me that… she's Linda!" 
"Bingo," Elisa admitted. 
"F*ck!" Rachel cursed. 
What the hell is this? Is that menace going to haunt us for the rest of our lives? After creating so much drama, it's all fake! Linda came back with another identity to cause further wreckage. 
"I was just thinking how someone could look pretentious and fake, so my gut feeling is true. I think we
can devise a plan to play this game with her." 
A cheeky smile played on her lips. 
If we don't do that, all her efforts will be in vain. 
"What do you have on your mind?" Elisa grinned back. 
###chapter1671
Chapter 1671 She's Not God
Rachel chuckled, a visceral satisfaction gleaming in her eyes. "We'll take away what she cares most about. It would be a great sight when she embarrasses herself publicly." 
Elisa snapped her fingers, equally delighted that she shared the same thought with Rachel. 
On the other end, Linda was struggling with her allergies. 
She had stepped away from the table to take Norman's call and quickly swallowed two allergy medication tablets. 
While she was "dead," Mrs. Garner trained her to change many of her previous habits. Unfortunately, she was born with a mango allergy that could not be altered. 
In case of emergencies, she carried around her allergy medication, which proved useful at this moment. 
It seemed that Elisa had not intentionally ordered a glass of mango juice. 
Linda was no longer the same person as she changed her habits and facial features. Furthermore, Elisa had never caught her interacting with anyone using her true identity before. 
Therefore, Elisa wouldn't be able to uncover her secret. 
Nonetheless, she was very cautious in protecting her real identity. "You don't have to call me every time," she advised Norman with a hint of frustration. "If you want to inform me anything, just text me. I'll reply to you right away." 
Norman's forehead creased into a deep scowl when he heard Linda's indifferent response to his call. 
She had never spoken to him in this manner before, and he knew immediately that something was wrong. "Your voice sounds hoarse. Did something happen?" 
"I'm getting an allergic reaction," Linda responded with strain, her lips pressed together in a tight line. 
Norman knew of Linda's allergies to mangoes. Why would she eat mangoes of her own will? 
Unless… 
"Was Elisa trying to test you?" Norman asked through gritted teeth. 
He immediately suspected Elisa to be the one behind this. 
Although he wasn't present at the Garner family's banquet, he constantly watched what was happening. He knew that Elisa and Linda got closely acquainted during the banquet. 
He also noticed that Elisa was with Rachel a little while ago. 
Linda shook her head in denial. "There's no way Elisa did this purposely. She's not God. How could she know about my real identity?" 
The incident with the mango juice was simply a coincidence. 
However, Norman suspected that it wasn't as simple as Linda believed. He pursed his lips as he
reminded, "Elisa is not an easy target. You should be careful of her. Also… your mom called me… she said she really misses you..." 
Linda held her tongue as the silence hung heavy in the call. 
She couldn't do anything about it as she was already "dead." Despite her mom's longing for her, she couldn't even call or meet her. 
Her spirits dampened as she contemplated the reality that she could not openly reunite with her mother. 
All of this is because of Elisa! 
If Elisa was dead, Gareth wouldn't push her away even if she appeared before him as Linda. 
"I know, but I'm busy now. I'll meet you when the time comes," Linda replied, her eyes flickered with determination before she hung up the call. 
She waited for her breath to calm and her rashes to fade before she returned to Elisa and Rachel. 
When she returned to the table, the dishes they had ordered had all been served. 
"Melissa, come over here and have your meal. We're going shopping after," Elisa said as she waved at Linda. 
Linda nodded politely. "So sorry for keeping you waiting." 
To her surprise, Linda noticed that the proposal was placed exactly as it was before she left. 
Could Elisa have no interest in the project at the Western Suburbs at all? 
###chapter1672
Chapter 1672 I'll Send Someone to Review the Termination Procedures With You
"It could happen to anyone. Don't worry about it. There's no need to act so distant between friends," Elisa spoke with a light and carefree tone. 
Linda forced a warm smile onto her face, but she couldn't help but feel suspicious of Elisa's disinterest in the Western Suburbs project. 
Linda took a deep breath before she spoke, "Elisa, I don't feel confident in managing the work in the company," she said. "My mother sent me to classes, but I still don't understand the operations. She said that if I could acquire the project in the Western Suburbs, I would gain the respect of the employees in the Garner Group. I can't trust anyone but you. Will you help me to acquire this project?" 
Linda reached out and grasped Elisa's hand. Her eyes were glassy and layered with desperation. 
Elisa wasn't fond of anyone touching her, especially Linda. 
She had to put up with Linda's behavior for the sake of her end goal. 
Elisa chuckled softly. "I knew about the Western Suburbs project long ago," she said. "The project is under the Darcey Group. If you want to talk to the person in charge, I can help you get in touch with him. I'm not sure if he's still handling the project since he's in the hospital right now." 
Linda immediately knew who Elisa was talking about. 
As expected, Elisa knew about the project long ago. But why wasn't she interested in reading the proposal on the table? 
Was she being respectful? 
Or was this part of her plan to expose Linda's identity? 
If Elisa suspected her, she wouldn't be so relaxed, nor would she have continued to stay friends with her. 
Either way, she had to be on her guard. 
Linda's eyes lit up with hope. "Please help me get in touch with him," she pleaded. "It would be a great help in acquiring the project. This partnership is really important to me." 
"Sure." 
Elisa agreed to her request without hesitation. 
After they were done shopping, Elisa took Linda to the hospital. 
They arrived at the hospital to find out that Will had already been discharged. 
Elisa tried to call Will, but Mrs. Darcey picked up the phone. 
Mrs. Darcey's tone was firm and assertive. "Elisa, don't call Will ever again. We've found a better doctor to treat him, and he no longer needs your help. Don't even dream about acquiring the Western Suburbs project. As for the partnership agreement signed before, I'll send someone to review the termination procedures with you." 
Elisa was worried when she heard that Will had been discharged from the hospital. 
She had promised to take responsibility for his injuries, and she knew that his condition could worsen if he left the hospital before he was fully healed. 
Elisa was genuinely concerned for Will's well-being, but she was not prepared to receive Marsha's scornful words. 
In the past, Elisa would have found it unbearable to listen quietly to Marsha's accusations. She is strong-willed and proud, and she would have fought back ruthlessly. She would also have vowed never to cross paths with Marsha again. 
But how could she act brazenly when Will saved her? 
"Mrs. Darcey, I don't mind if Darcey Group wants to break the partnership or if I have to back out from the Western Suburbs project, but Will's leg…" 
Marsha interjected, "I told you we've found a better doctor to treat him. We don't need your help anymore. If anything happens to him, you'll have to take full responsibility." 
Marsha cut her off before Elisa could finish her sentence and then hung up the call. 
Linda could see that Elisa's eyes had turned cold and condescending. She knew that Elisa had been reprimanded by Marsha. 
And there was no chance that they would be able to meet Will. 
"It's okay, Elisa," Linda reassured, trying to comfort her. "We don't have to meet him." 
###chapter1673
Chapter 1673 You'll Regret This in the Future
Elisa knew that Linda must have figured out what had happened. She was being supportive on the surface, but she must've been secretly pleased. 
Elisa was willing to give up on the Western Suburbs project, but she was surprised that the Darcey Group was quick to end their previous partnerships. 
She patted Linda's back reassuringly. "I'll find a way no matter what. She's only mad at me because of the accident. I'll try my best to get in touch with him. Don't worry about it." 
Elisa made sure to hook her with bait. After all, didn't Linda want to use the Western Suburbs project to test her? 
Linda risked making a fool of herself if she got involved in the Western Suburbs project. 
Suddenly, Elisa received a call from Julia. 
"Elisa, Gareth's cousin's wedding has been moved up. I've booked flights for Gareth and you to fly out tomorrow morning. Someone will be picking you up from the airport." 
Although Elisa complied with Julia's request to attend the wedding with Gareth as his wife, she couldn't help but feel it was all a bit rushed. 
Furthermore, Grandma didn't provide the opportunity for her to decline. 
All the arrangements had been made without her agreement. 
Elisa was displeased with Julia's sudden arrangements for her, but she knew she couldn't say anything. After all, she had agreed to Julia's request in the first place. 
"Elisa, why aren't you saying anything?" Julia's forehead furrowed as she waited for a response. "Are you too busy with work? Will this affect your plans?" 
She was worried that Elisa and Gareth's relationship wasn't progressing, and she hoped this trip to Gareth's cousin's wedding would help. 
Even though Elisa's plans were affected by Julia's sudden arrangements, she couldn't go against Grandma's wishes. She had to comply with her request. "No, I'm almost done with my work. You said the wedding was brought forward? No worries, I'll get there with Gareth first thing in the morning." 
She figured the sooner they got the wedding over with, the better. 
Rachel's displeasure was palpable. 
Linda was curious about where Elisa and Gareth were headed the following day. 
They were so close to each other, and yet Elisa said it was simply an act? That can't be true. 
"Elisa, it looks like you'll be busy. I'll head home now, so don't worry about me. Just call me when you're done. There's no need to put so much thought into the Western Suburbs project." 
"Sure." 
Will wasn't in the hospital, and she was no longer interested in dealing with Linda. 
Once Linda walked away, Rachel blurted out, "Why do you always comply with the Wickam family's requests? Do you have to attend the wedding with him? At this point, they could just ask you to live with him, couldn't they?" 
Elisa's cheeks flushed red. 
Julia had actually mentioned this before. 
But what could she do? She had already agreed to attend the wedding with Gareth. 
Elisa let out a deep sigh. "Grandma Wickam was the only person who treated me well during my three- year marriage to Gareth. Now that she's getting weaker, I only want to repay her kindness by following her wishes. This will be the last time I do so. After this, we will no longer get involved in each other's personal matters." 
"Elisa, I'll be watching to see if you keep your word. You were head over heels in love with that jerk before, and now you're still not keeping your distance from him. I can't believe... You'll regret this in the future." 
Rachel let out a sigh, and she shook her head in disbelief. 
Despite her disapproval, she still cared a lot about Elisa. She wouldn't have helped her tirelessly when Elisa was caught in the public uproar if she didn't. 
Elisa wrapped her arms around Rachel's shoulders. "Ah, Ms. Markee! You don't have to worry about me. I promise I won't regret this!" 
Rachel glanced at Elisa but said nothing. 
Without Linda to bother them, they had a blast shopping together. 
Gareth's and Vincent's faces were like thunderclouds. 
However, Gareth's mood improved when he got a call from Julia. "Little brat," she announced. "I've already booked your flight for nine in the morning tomorrow. You'll head to Foris City with Elisa to attend the wedding." 
###chapter1674
Chapter 1674 There Was One Problem
Foris City was less developed than Bayswe, but it had cleaner air. 
Elisa noticed the difference in air quality as soon as she stepped off the plane. 
"This city has excellent air quality and a wide range of amenities, making it a suitable place for Grandma to stay while she recovers from her illness. However, the wind can be quite strong, which may not be ideal for her." 
Gareth never imagined that Elisa would care so deeply for Grandma. He stared at her, his eyes soft and glinting, but he didn't say a word. 
He could have asked Grandma to persuade Elisa to stay over at the Manor Residence last night. It would have given him the opportunity to spend more time with Elisa, but he was afraid that she would feel pressured or uncomfortable. 
However, their trip to Foris City was a request made by Grandma Wickam. He was confident of winning her heart back this time. 
A private car was waiting for them at the airport, courtesy of his cousin. The wedding was being held at the bride's villa in the suburbs. 
Rumors were that the groom's family was of a lower socioeconomic status than the bride's, making him the one marrying into her family, which was a rare occurrence. 
The airport was a half-hour drive from the villa. After a short drive, they arrived at the wedding location. 
The villa was beautifully decorated with extravagant flowers and decorations. 
The timeless decorations and the chatter of the guests filled the villa with a radiant and festive atmosphere. 
The bride, Gareth's younger cousin, Bella, appeared before Elisa. 
Bella greeted them with a warm smile. "I'm Bella." 
Elisa took a moment to take in Bella's appearance. She was dressed in a simple ankle-length dress with no jewelry. Her features were soft and gentle, and her voice was warm and melodious. 
Bella had a unique air about her, a combination of elegance and charisma. 
Bella's presence was like a warm summer breeze, inviting and refreshing. 
As Elisa had expected, Bella was a warm and friendly person. 
Even though they were exchanging friendly glances, they were both evaluating the other person before them. 
Bella had heard stories about Elisa for a long time, and she was finally meeting her in person. 
She was surprised to find that Elisa was not as obnoxious or proud as she had been described. Instead, she was quietly intelligent and attractive. 
The rumors about Elisa were clearly not true. 
Bella's cousin, Gareth, looked exactly as she had heard he would. He was cold and aloof, and he didn't seem to care about anything. 
Gareth's gaze was so intense that it was almost intimidating. He didn't look like someone who was easy to get along with. 
She felt more comfortable approaching Elisa than Gareth. 
They had arrived at the villa three days before the wedding. 
Over the three days, Elisa grew to appreciate Bella's kindness and diligence. 
She was very clear about what she wanted, and she was also knowledgeable and quick-witted. 
They were perfectly accommodated to their needs during the three days, and no one had any complaints. 
Most importantly, she helped Elisa out of a major predicament. 
Julia might have intentionally assigned Elisa to the same room as Gareth. 
Elisa was not happy with the arrangement and asked for a different room. 
Unfortunately, the rooms had already been assigned, and there was no way to change them. 
This meant that she would have to share a room with Gareth, whether she liked it or not. 
Bella could tell that Elisa was uncomfortable with the room assignment. "Why don't you stay in my room?" she suggested. 
Elisa waved her hands dismissively. "How could I do that? Where would you stay if I slept in your room?" 
Bella explained that she would be busy with wedding preparations and wouldn't be around the house much, so she wouldn't mind letting Elisa stay in her room. 
Elisa was hesitant to accept Bella's offer, but she eventually agreed after Bella's persistent persuasion. 
She was incredibly grateful to Bella for her kindness and generosity. 
The wedding was perfectly planned, but there was one problem.
###chapter1675
Chapter 1675 Isn't That Bella?
That was… 
The groom had not been seen all day, and Bella had to walk down the aisle alone during the first rehearsal. 
Elisa was initially concerned, but she quickly dismissed her doubts, assuming he was busy with other matters. 
Elisa finally encountered him at night, but their meeting was far from pleasant. 
It was midnight, and Elisa was struggling to fall asleep. She decided to take a walk to clear her head, and she saw a drunk man. 
The man in the suit looked unkempt, with his tie undone and his hair disheveled. He was clearly drunk, staggering as he walked and slurring his words. 
A woman was helping him walk, her arm around his waist. He had his arms around her shoulders, and he leaned close to her whenever he spoke. 
She watched as they entered the room next to hers. Who would get so drunk the night before a wedding? 
She thought it was one of the guests, but when she saw Bella rushing towards him, she realized that the drunkard was the groom, Luke Connor. 
Who was the woman with him? 
Bella's eyes grew cold as her eyes bored into the two figures before them. As if she telepathically heard Elisa's thoughts, she answered dryly, "That's my best friend, Isla Lynn." 
Elisa's forehead wrinkled in confusion, but she didn't say anything. 
The groom had not only skipped the wedding rehearsal that morning, but he had also gotten drunk with his fiancée's best friend the night before the wedding. 
How could she tolerate such despicable behavior? 
Although Elisa didn't say anything, Bella could tell she was confused by the situation. "I'm used to it," she said with a polite smile. 
Elisa's eyes widened in disbelief and disgust. She had a million thoughts running through her head, but she couldn't speak. 
After all, they were getting married the next day. She didn't want to say anything that would upset the bride. 
Bella noticed Elisa's shifty eyes and her reluctance to speak. "What's on your mind?" she asked, her eyes awash with conflicting emotions. 
Elisa pondered her thoughts for a moment before speaking up. "Don't you think Luke and Isla are acting too intimate?" 
Bella's face immediately tensed up. "You must be overthinking things," she muttered quickly. 
Elisa pursed her lips tightly and refrained from saying anything that might offend Bella. She knew that Bella trusted Luke and Isla deeply, so it wasn't her place to decide what was right for Bella. 
Despite her own beliefs, she respected Bella's choice. 
Nevertheless, it was hard to believe that someone so intelligent and principled could be blinded by love. 
She told Gareth what she had seen, and they agreed to keep it to themselves. 
They would not speak about Bella and Luke's relationship carelessly. 
However, things took a turn on the first day of the wedding. 
It was the middle of the night, and Elisa went on one of her usual walks. 
It was almost midnight when she returned from her walk and noticed a man standing by the door. 
Elisa's heart started to pound harder as she hid in the shadows, watching the man's movements. 
The man stood at the door, seemingly waiting for someone. He didn't look like he wanted to enter. 
The hallway was dark, and the man was facing away from Elisa, so she couldn't see his face. 
She couldn't recognize the man from behind. 
Nonetheless, it was clear that he didn't belong there. 
He was wearing a wrinkled suit and stained sneakers. His muscular body was straining against the fabric of his shirt. 
As Elisa's confusion grew, she heard a familiar voice coming from the hallway. 
"Why are you here? I thought I sent you the location," Isla snapped, her voice laced with annoyance. 
Elisa peeked out from her hiding spot to see Isla Lynn, Bella's best friend. Elisa's face grew grim at the sight of her. 
Although it was late at night, Isla was dressed in a revealing outfit and full makeup. 
The man quickly apologized, explaining that he had gotten lost in the villa. 
"It's fine," Isla said, waving her hand dismissively. She seemed annoyed and disdainful. 
"Young lady, I thought you said this was where it was," the man uttered, looking confused. 
"She switched rooms. Just stay quiet and follow me," Isla responded. 
The man followed Isla silently. 
They walked away, their voices fading into the distance. 
Elisa listened carefully, picking up a key piece of information from their conversation. 
The person who had originally stayed in this room. 
Isn't that Bella? 
###chapter1676
Chapter 1676 Don't You Like Your Men a Little Naughty?
Is Isla taking that man to Bella in the middle of the night? She must be up to no good. 
Elisa had a feeling that something was wrong, so she darted out to follow them. Suddenly, she was yanked back by the arm. 
Her eyes bulged out of their sockets in fear, her voice a hoarse whisper as a large hand muffled her cries. 
As the man's arms tightened around her, Elisa caught a whiff of a familiar scent. She stopped struggling immediately. 
"Why did you stop struggling?" Gareth's voice was like a knife cutting through the air. 
As expected, Gareth's voice rang out in her ears. Elisa turned around and met his cold, snarling gaze. 
Elisa smiled knowingly. "I knew it was you." 
Gareth's interest was piqued. "How did you know it was me?" 
Elisa thought about telling him, but then she changed her mind. 
"It's a secret." Elisa raised her eyebrows. 
Elisa quickly changed the subject before Gareth could get more information from her. "Did you see what happened earlier? I'm curious to know what you think." 
"Come on, we have to go. We need to put on a show before the wedding. I'm afraid it might not happen." Gareth's voice was firm. He must've already done a background check. 
They hurried to catch up to Isla, and Gareth filled Elisa in on what he had learned. 
"Isla and Luke had been partners for a long time before Bella came along. She knew exactly what kind of man would sweep Bella off her feet." 
"Luke started to tailor his personality to Bella's liking, and he then made a strategic move to get close to her." 
Elisa's eyebrows furrowed in disapproval. She was deeply disappointed in both Luke and Isla. 
Gareth continued to explain, "This inadvertently made Bella think that they were a perfect match." 
Their hobbies and daily habits were so similar that it seemed like they were two peas in a pod. 
Luke was very proactive in pursuing Bella, and they quickly became a couple. 
Her eyes narrowed into slits, her smile a thin veneer of incredulity. "So this is how Bella fell for him? Or, rather, this is how Bella fell for his lies?" 
Gareth answered with a curt "yes," but offered no further explanation. 
Elisa's jaw was clenched so tightly that her teeth were grinding together. "It's all a facade!" she muttered under her breath. 
The two of them fell silent, each lost in their own thoughts. 
If there are no unexpected setbacks, the wedding will be the perfect time to bring down Luke and Isla. 
Isla, the suited man, and Luke met up at the entrance of the guestroom. 
… 
At the same time, Isla's voice rang out in a frantic tone. 
"How is it? Did you succeed?" 
Luke nodded, his face beaming with delight. "This fool had let her guard down towards me. She'll be deep asleep until tomorrow. You're in charge of the rest, Keith. Please treat our princess with care." 
Luke uttered the last few words with a theatrical voice as if they were in the final act of a play. A wicked grin lit up the corners of his mouth. 
Elisa knew that the suited man was Isla's brother, and her heart sank. 
Their plans were as clear as day. 
If Bella was caught doing something scandalous the day before her wedding, the wedding would surely be called off. 
However, they would need to provide a satisfactory explanation to the guests. 
In order to protect Bella's reputation, they would surely try to keep the incident under wraps. 
Even if the wedding was canceled, they would offer Luke a large sum of money to ensure his silence. 
They had a foolproof plan: Bella would wake up next to Keith, devastated and unaware that her fiancé and best friend had orchestrated the entire scheme. 
She would only blame herself for her drunken behavior, perhaps even feeling guilty towards Luke. 
"They had a great plan. Unfortunately, they were caught by us." 
The suited man rubbed his knuckles, his knuckles white with anticipation, before opening the door. 
Luke was eager to get heated up with Isla in the next room. His breath came in short gasps, and his heart was pounding in his chest. 
"I want to stay," Isla declared, her voice determined. 
"What's there to see?" her friend asked. "You could try it yourself." 
"I'm curious to see if Bella would still act so brazenly while she gets harassed," Isla giggled. "I want to see if she's as tough as she seems." 
"Come on, I'm already recording it," Luke said. "You're not going to miss anything." 
"You're so mean." 
"Don't you like your men a little naughty?" he teased, his eyes twinkling with mischief. 
The air between them grew thick with sexual tension; their bodies leaned into each other as their breaths intermingled. 
They made their way to the next door, their footsteps echoing in the hallway. 
However, a loud bang erupted before Luke did anything, making him jump in shock. 
###chapter1677
Chapter 1677 Did She Really Know Him as Well as She Thought She Did?
'Bang!' 
Gareth immediately kicked open the door. 
The suited man was on the verge of taking off his pants when he noticed the man enter the room. His eyes widened in shock as they stared at each other in disbelief. 
He didn't know what to do. 
Elisa's view was blocked by Gareth. He didn't let her enter the room. 
"I'll give you three seconds to put on your pants. Or else…" 
The man didn't complete his sentence, but the suited man was already trembling in fear. He knew he wouldn't be able to live to see another day if he didn't put it on quickly. 
He swiftly pulled up his pants, breaking into a cold sweat. 
After he was done, Gareth walked into the room, followed by Elisa behind him. 
She ignored the suited man and walked straight to Bella. 
They came in with a loud thud, but Bella was still unconscious on the bed. 
Evidently, she had been drugged. 
And it had to be done by Luke. 
A searing flame stirred within Elisa, but she kept her anger in check. She calmly checked Bella's pulse and inserted a few needles into her acupuncture points. 
The drug slowly began to wear off. 
Within five minutes, Bella started to regain consciousness. 
The suited man's eyes went wide with fear and surprise, and the color drained from his face. 
When Bella got up, she was confused. She looked around and saw Elisa standing in front of her. "Gareth? Josie? What are you all doing here?" she asked, her eyebrows shifting in confusion. 
As she spoke, she realized that something was wrong. "Where am I? Why am I here? Where's Luke?" she asked. 
Elisa didn't respond to any of her questions. Instead, she shifted her gaze away and fixed her eyes on someone standing not far away from them. 
As she followed her gaze, Bella noticed a man with messy attire—his face flashed with guilt and shame. He was Isla's brother, Keith. 
The man didn't dare to look at her. 
Bella's forehead creased, and her eyes grew cold with indignation. A shiver ran down her spine when she finally connected the dots. 
She had found herself lying unconscious in this room, and Luke was nowhere to be seen. Moreover, there was a half-naked man in the room. 
Bella was not a protected or naive young woman. Instead, she had taken on the big responsibility of managing the company at a young age. 
Bella immediately understood what was happening. She knew this was a malicious and petty attempt to blackmail her. 
However, she didn't have the slightest clue why anyone would do this to her. 
Perhaps she didn't want to know the reason. 
"Where is Luke?" Bella asked calmly, her voice as cold as ice. 
Her voice had always been sweet and delightful whenever she mentioned Luke, but now it was devoid of emotion. 
She was keeping all of her personal feelings aside to face this matter head-on. 
Elisa glanced at Gareth, but he remained silent. 
He didn't want to get involved in matters that didn't concern him. 
After all, he was only here because of Julia. Bella was raised by Julia when she was younger. 
Nonetheless, he couldn't stay out of this any longer. Grandma would be heartbroken if she knew he didn't help Bella. 
Elisa looked away and responded, "They are in the next room." 
"They?" Bella stared at her in incredulity. 
Elisa nodded, her eyes dark with worry. 
Bella needed to see for herself what was happening. 
She felt a surge of uneasiness creeping all over her body. Her face was pale, and her fists were clenched tightly. Her nails dug into her palms, leaving red marks on them. 
A whirlwind of thoughts crossed her mind, conflicting voices trying to overpower the other. 
She wanted to believe Luke. They had been together for so long, and she knew him better than anyone else. 
But then there were all those doubts. Did she really know him as well as she thought she did? 
###chapter1678
Chapter 1678 Get Up!
He had always been so perfect for her, as if they were soulmates. 
But she had to face the truth no matter how difficult it was. 
Bella forced down the overwhelming dread and confusion. She showed no hesitation as she got down from the bed and walked towards the next room. 
Elisa glanced at Gareth, signaling him to bring Keith along. 
Gareth arched an eyebrow, dumbfounded by her behavior. She must think of him as a bodyguard now. 
She was the only person who would dare to order him around. 
Despite how baffled he felt about the situation, he followed her orders. 
She didn't have to be wrapped up in this situation in the first place. 
It was his family matter, after all. 
Nonetheless, he had no tolerance for Keith. 
He glared at him, his eyes dripping with cold fury as he demanded, "Get up!" 
Keith nearly leaped out of his skin. His heart was pounding in his chest as he shot up on his feet. 
Within a short moment, Bella stood in front of the door of the next room. 
Bella's hands trembled as she reached for the doorknob. 
She shut her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to calm her racing heart. She knew what was behind the door and wasn't sure if she was ready to face it. 
Elisa stood by her side, her lips pressed together tightly. She didn't say a word as she waited patiently for Bella. 
Bella opened her eyes and looked at the doorknob. 
She could see their memories etched into brass, and a bitter sense of pain coiled around her heart. 
As her mind flooded with their memories together, she slowly recoiled her hands from the doorknob. 
Elisa's eyes were soft with understanding and pity. They were like pools of clear water, reflecting the depth of her emotions. She felt a pang of sorrow when she noticed the pain in Bella's eyes. When Gareth and Linda… 
Bella turned around; her eyes hardened with indignation. 
Elisa took a deep breath and spoke softly, "You have to have a strong heart, Bella. Don't let this man weigh you down. Be prepared to let go of the things holding you back." 
She had trusted Luke with her heart, and he had betrayed her. Nevertheless, she was about to let go of the chance of catching him red-handed. 
Bella's eyes darted around nervously. Elisa gave it a deeper thought before she continued, "How are you going to deal with this man?" 
Elisa pointed towards Keith. 
Keith could see that Bella was starting to soften, so he took the chance to plead for her forgiveness. 
"Bella," he said, "I was drunk. I went to the wrong room. I'm really sorry. I've had too many drinks. Don't listen to them. They're just trying to cause trouble." 
Bella didn't mutter a single word, but her eyes turned grim. Gareth couldn't help but snarl at his obnoxious remarks. 
He's really good at taking advantage of someone else. 
Keith purposely raised his voice to warn the couple inside the room. 
Unfortunately, they couldn't hear the commotion going on outside. 
When Gareth realized what his intentions were, he kicked him with a force so strong he had to lie on
the ground, wincing in pain. 
"Forgive?" Bella raised her brow in disbelief as if she had heard the biggest joke of the century. "When did I say I would forgive you?" she hissed icily, cutting through his lies like a knife. 
Her eyes narrowed into slits, boring into Keith's soul. 
"Keith," she snarled, "do you think I'm a fool? You and your sister have been scheming behind my back for years, stealing from the company. Do you think I didn't know? I kept quiet to save you some face, but that doesn't mean I wasn't aware of what you were doing." 
Bella glared at Keith, her eyes full of fury. Her words were like a sharp sword, cutting through his defenses. Keith staggered back, taken aback by her anger. 
She should have exposed them long ago, but her soft heart had prevented her from doing so. 
Elisa raised her brows in amusement. "Do you have something planned?" she asked. 
Bella took a deep breath to calm herself down before she stared at Elisa with a sincere gaze. "Gareth, Elisa, thank you for everything today," she replied. "I can handle everything else from here. Hand him to me." 
###chapter1679
Chapter 1679 Don't Overthink It
The person she referred to was evidently the man lying on the ground. 
Elisa met Gareth's eyes as they shared a knowing gaze. 
In the end, they chose not to be involved in the matter. 
They had done all that they could do. It was up to Bella now. 
Gareth stepped back and stood beside Elisa. 
Bella turned to Elisa and took her hand. "Thank you," Bella said sincerely. 
Bella was quick-witted. She knew that her cousin respected his wife's opinion. 
She was also well aware that Elisa had been a great help to her all this time. 
In a matter of seconds, a bodyguard appeared to take Keith away. After bidding them goodbye, Bella walked away in the opposite direction. 
Elisa and Gareth walked back to the room together. 
Elisa's brows were furrowed with worry, and Gareth could tell she was still concerned about Bella. "Are you still worried about her?" he asked. 
Elisa's eyes flickered with worry and uneasiness. She then looked at Gareth and asked, "Do you think she'll let them go?" 
Gareth replied without any hesitation, "No." 
Elisa raised an amused eyebrow, "How are you so sure?" 
She could still recall how Bella had hesitated at the front door, unsure whether to open it. 
Gareth halted his steps and met her gaze. "First, she's part of the Wickam family. Second, she was raised by Grandma when she was younger. If she doesn't have the strength to let go of what's not good for her, then she's not worthy of running the company," Gareth said in a firm, solemn voice. The person she referred to wos evidently the mon lying on the ground. 
Eliso met Goreth's eyes os they shored o knowing goze. 
In the end, they chose not to be involved in the motter. 
They hod done oll thot they could do. It wos up to Bello now. 
Goreth stepped bock ond stood beside Eliso. 
Bello turned to Eliso ond took her hond. "Thonk you," Bello soid sincerely. 
Bello wos quick-witted. She knew thot her cousin respected his wife's opinion. 
She wos olso well owore thot Eliso hod been o greot help to her oll this time. 
In o motter of seconds, o bodyguord oppeored to toke Keith owoy. After bidding them goodbye, Bello wolked owoy in the opposite direction. 
Eliso ond Goreth wolked bock to the room together. 
Eliso's brows were furrowed with worry, ond Goreth could tell she wos still concerned obout Bello. "Are you still worried obout her?" he osked. 
Eliso's eyes flickered with worry ond uneosiness. She then looked ot Goreth ond osked, "Do you think she'll let them go?" 
Goreth replied without ony hesitotion, "No." 
Eliso roised on omused eyebrow, "How ore you so sure?" 
She could still recoll how Bello hod hesitoted ot the front door, unsure whether to open it. 
Goreth holted his steps ond met her goze. "First, she's port of the Wickom fomily. Second, she wos roised by Grondmo when she wos younger. If she doesn't hove the strength to let go of whot's not good for her, then she's not worthy of running the compony," Goreth soid in o firm, solemn voice. 
Elisa pondered over his words before nodding in agreement. "You're right." 
Elisa pondered over his words before nodding in agreement. "You're right." 
Gareth was indeed a man worthy of his powerful standing in the company. 
As they walked, Elisa finally realized that her room wasn't in the same direction as his. 
When he noticed Elisa's eyes darting around in confusion, he explained, "You're only back this late as you were helping my family member's personal matters. I have the responsibility to send you back to your room. Don't overthink it." 
Her lips curled into a smile when she heard his explanation. "Don't worry, I never assumed otherwise." 
She closed the door behind her as soon as the words left her mouth. 
She left his side so abruptly that Gareth was dumbfounded. 
He stood still by the door for an extended period. 
As someone who was ive-driven and goal-oriented, he couldn't explain his behavior. Why did he send Elisa back, and why was he so concerned for Bella? 
Even though it was a waste of time, he got personally involved in the situation and got caught up in it. 
Was it solely because she was his family member? 
He couldn't come up with an answer for his odd behaviors. 
As Elisa stood by the door, she recalled the moment when Gareth appeared before her today. When he was around, she felt secure. 
Elisa pondered over his words before nodding in agreement. "You're right." 
It was as if he could shield her from any harm. 
No way. Elisa shook her head exasperatedly to shake away the thoughts in her head. 
At night. 
As Elisa lay on the bed, she couldn't help but worry that she would have trouble falling asleep again tonight. 
Contrary to her expectations, she fell asleep in no time. It could've been due to fatigue from not sleeping well yesterday. 
The sun was already up in the skies, and sunlight gently poured into the room. 
Gareth's knock on the door finally woke her up from her slumber. 
After getting up from the bed, she asked, "What is it?" 
She took her time to walk to the door. "Get your things packed. It's Bella's wedding today," Gareth spoke dryly. 
Elisa's eyes widened in shock when his words registered. "What did you say?" 
"Get dressed up, and we'll talk about it later." 
Gareth knew she heard him loud and clear. 
Elisa's mouth gaped slightly in shock and confusion. Bella still wanted to proceed with the wedding. 
Gareth's eyes lit up with a steely glint when he saw Elisa all dressed up as she opened the door. 
Elisa exuded exceptional charisma and elegance even without wearing any makeup. 
It wes es if he could shield her from eny herm. 
No wey. Elise shook her heed exesperetedly to sheke ewey the thoughts in her heed. 
At night. 
As Elise ley on the bed, she couldn't help but worry thet she would heve trouble felling esleep egein tonight. 
Contrery to her expectetions, she fell esleep in no time. It could've been due to fetigue from not sleeping well yesterdey. 
The sun wes elreedy up in the skies, end sunlight gently poured into the room. 
Gereth's knock on the door finelly woke her up from her slumber. 
After getting up from the bed, she esked, "Whet is it?" 
She took her time to welk to the door. "Get your things pecked. It's Belle's wedding todey," Gereth
spoke dryly. 
Elise's eyes widened in shock when his words registered. "Whet did you sey?" 
"Get dressed up, end we'll telk ebout it leter." 
Gereth knew she heerd him loud end cleer. 
Elise's mouth geped slightly in shock end confusion. Belle still wented to proceed with the wedding. 
Gereth's eyes lit up with e steely glint when he sew Elise ell dressed up es she opened the door. 
Elise exuded exceptionel cherisme end elegence even without weering eny mekeup. 
###chapter1680
Chapter 1680 His Plans Had Failed
Her makeup accentuated her features, highlighting her beautiful jawlines and striking facial features. 
Gareth was taken aback by her beauty. Why didn't he realize how beautiful she was in the past? 
Elisa glanced briefly at him and said, "I'm ready. Should we go now?" 
"Yes." 
Gareth quickly turned his gaze away and regained his composure. He then led her to the location of the wedding. 
Many distinguished guests were present, all of whom held prominent positions in the industry and had high social status. The wedding was an opportunity for these skilled businessmen and businesswomen to network for potential partnerships in the future. 
The groom was present among the crowd and appeared delighted and ecstatic about the event. 
Isla was by his side as they welcomed the guests. They could easily be mistaken for the newlyweds of the day. 
People were successively entering the venue, but… 
Only the bride and Keith were not around. 
The guests started to feel confused by the situation. 
The space was enveloped in a cacophony of voices as people began to gather. Two people were whispering closely among the chatters. 
"Did you get any updates from Keith?" 
Isla stared at him and answered, "Isn't it good news if there's no news?" 
"Yes, they must be too immersed." 
The two must've thought that they were being very cautious and secretive, but their every action was observed by Gareth and Elisa. Her makeup accentuated her features, highlighting her beautiful jawlines and striking facial features. 
Elisa's eyes grew grimmer with each passing second, but she quickly put on a straight face and ignored the two fools interacting. She was waiting in anticipation of Bella's next move. 
The time was ticking down. 
Guests had already arrived, and the wedding was about to start. 
Masking a calm demeanor, Luke addressed the clueless guests. "Please be patient," he said, his voice dripping with urgency. "The wedding will start soon." 
Although Luke tried to keep his composure, the guests could tell something was wrong. They scrutinized his every move and whispered among themselves, speculating over ideas they had about what was happening. 
Everyone's eyes were glued to Luke as he walked over to the bridesmaids. He whispered something to them, then gestured for a few to follow him toward the villa. 
Elisa's face twisted in disgust. She knew precisely where Luke was going—to the villa, where he would catch Bella and Keith red-handed. 
She shot a surly glare at him; her lips twisted into a smirk. What a prick! He took almost ten bridesmaids with him. 
If that many people caught Bella having an affair on her wedding day, she could not step foot in the industry again. 
Her reputation would be ruined. 
Only a devil like him could think of such devious traps. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged a knowing glance before following Luke. 
When they were in the lift, Luke put on an act by fidgeting around nervously. 
"The wedding ceremony is about to begin, but Bella hasn't replied to my text messages. I also can't find the HR manager either. I'm really worried about them." 
Elisa was baffled by his shameless acting. Isn't he trying to hint to others that Bella and Keith were missing to grow their suspicions? 
As expected, their eyes became shifty, and they started sharing suspicious glances as they linked the
information in their minds. 
Suddenly, one of them voiced out, "Don't worry. They'll be fine." 
"Definitely. We'll know when we get there." 
Luke's face flashed with an evil grin, but he reined it in and collected himself immediately. "I believe so." 
Soon enough, a group of people stood by the door of Bella's room. 
Luke knocked on the door. "Honey, are you inside?" he asked sweetly and gently. 
Everyone remained silent as they waited for a response. 
Despite knocking on the door multiple times, there was no response. He called out for her breathlessly, his eyes blazing red. After a while, he opened the door forcefully with a loud bang. 
However... 
A muscle on his jaw twitched when he saw no one on the bed. 
Where are they? What happened? 
His plans had failed. And downstairs… 
###chapter1681
Chapter 1681 Her Plans Had Backfired
The audience was treated to a scandalous sight on the big screen. 
The video showed the couple engaged in intimate activities. 
The spatial audio sound system at the wedding amplified the woman's flirtatious tone, and a heavy silence filled the room as they listened closely. 
A sharp-eyed guest quickly realized who they were. 
"Oh my God! Isn't that Luke and Isla, the groom and the bride's best friend?" 
The guest's words caused a stir in the crowd as everyone began to whisper and point at the couple in the video. 
Isla's eyes widened in horror as she watched the video. Her heart pounded in her chest, and her palms were sweating as she yelled, "Stop it right now! That's not me!" 
Isla's yells were met with scornful and derisive glances from the crowd. 
She could even feel some of the glances from the men piercing through her clothes and into her bare skin! 
Ah!!! 
"Turn it off right now! Who is the person behind this? This is a setup! Turn it off!" Isla shrieked. 
Her heart sank as she realized that her plans had backfired. She had thought that she had everything under control, but now she was the one who was being exposed. 
Meanwhile, the bridesmaids' faces twisted with disgust and contempt as they stared at the groom. The audience was treated to a scandalous sight on the big screen. 
"Do you think you deserve Bella? What a jerk! You deserve to be with that b*tch! Just don't ever appear in front of Bella again!" 
Luke's face darkened with anger. He had a bad feeling the moment he saw the empty room. Seeing how the bridesmaids were staring daggers at him, he felt bile piling up in his stomach. 
This is not right! 
Something is terribly wrong! 
"What are you saying? Did something happen to her?" Luke's face was scrunched up, and his eyes were bloodshot as he hurriedly prompted the bridesmaids, "What happened? Hurry up and explain!" 
The bridesmaids were perplexed by his unending performance. They showed him the video, which had just reached its climactic scene. 
"This is being played on the screen downstairs," one of them said. "Luke, I've never seen anyone as awful as you!" 
Luke's eyebrows snapped together, and his face contorted with madness as he finally understood the situation he was in. 
Without a second thought, he darted out of the villa. 
Everyone's face wore an inscrutable expression. While the actions in the recording amused the crowd, they were also mortified by the revelation of their devilish nature. 
A look of disdain was painted across every guest's face when they heard their conversation afterward. 
"So when are you going to make me your bride?" Isla asked, her fingers trailing around his chest. 
"Very soon. The final part of our plan will be completed tomorrow. Then, as soon as we get the money, we'll elope from this place." 
"You're so annoying! You've been with Bella for so long. Have you never fallen for her?" 
"That career woman makes me feel like I'm suffocating. How can I fall for someone like that? You're still the best, baby. Come here." 
Their figures closed in on one another as they started making out. 
Gareth blocked Elisa's view so that she couldn't see anything on the screen. 
She finally understood how crazy Bella's revenge plan was. 
As she mulled over the thought, her eyes flicked toward Gareth, who was standing beside her. 
The Wickam family had a wild and unorthodox way of handling things. 
Within moments, Luke arrived at the banquet and stood in front of the screen. "Please don't believe any of this!" he exclaimed. "It must be someone's evil editing! I would never do anything to hurt Bella!" 
However, he couldn't convince a single person in the crowd. 
"Who is playing that video?" he bristled, his voice rising in anger. "Turn it off right now!" 
###chapter1682
Chapter 1682 Unprecedented
A crisp, loud voice pierced through the crowd, interrupting Luke's outburst. 
"I was the one who asked them to play the video. Do you have any problem with that?" 
The guests all turned to look at Bella, who was elegantly dressed in a white wedding dress. 
However, the occasion was no longer a wedding. It seemed more like a funeral. 
Everyone at the wedding stared at the original bride of the day, their eyes widening and their mouths slightly agape. 
The bride was the one who had caught them in the act of their despicable deeds. 
Bella sneered at Luke, "You got to experience your doomsday before me. Do you like the wedding gift I prepared for you?" 
Her eyes bored holes into his, her voice unyielding. She was fearless and bold, her figure sparking awe in the spectators. 
Luke's eyes were blazing with anger. He was at his wit's end, and he glared at her, yelling, "What do you mean?" 
Bella's laughter was like ice as she looked at Luke and Isla. "I have no ill intentions," she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm. "I only hope that everyone here will witness this pair of good-for-nothings for who they truly are. Luke, you only approached me for my wealth. Isla, I treated you as my best friend, but you and your brother were always scheming behind my back. From now on, I won't let you
off the hook for everything you've done." A crisp, loud voice pierced through the crowd, interrupting Luke's outburst. 
Luke's cheeks burned with shame. He couldn't believe that the kind and patient Bella he knew would raise her voice at him. 
Isla's heart pounded in her chest, and she felt lightheaded. 
She had been embezzling the company's funds with Keith for a long time. 
If Bella exposed everything, they would both go to jail. 
Luke knew he was cornered. He couldn't defend himself against Bella's accusations, no matter how hard he tried. The veins on his neck pulsed as he accused her of editing the video on purpose. "You're just trying to ruin my reputation!" he blurted out in fury. "You've lost interest in me because you think I'm poor and not good enough for you. You've found someone else, haven't you?" 
Luke babbled mindlessly, desperate to find a way out of this situation. His eyes darted around the crowd until they landed on Gareth, who stood out from the others. 
He pointed at Gareth, his voice cold as ice. "It's him, isn't it? You have to be lying about him being your cousin. Who knows what kind of relationship you two have!" 
Bella was speechless, stunned by his groundless accusation. 
At that moment, she finally understood what kind of man he was. His past image had been nothing more than an act to fool her. 
She also experienced how torturous it was for her to be the one to face this alone. 
Ha… 
Her tears were welling up in her eyes, but she blinked them away. It will be over soon! 
Bella stood tall and firm. "First, I have Keith's recording. It will be one of the pieces of evidence presented in court. Second, a professional will examine the video to determine if it has been edited. Finally, Luke and Isla, I will be suing you both," she boomed in an assertive voice. 
As soon as she finished her sentence, the police arrived at the scene. 
The guests' eyes all widened in astonishment and bafflement. The wedding today was like a scene out of a soap opera. 
Resentment and rage gripped his heart as he yelled, "You have no right to arrest me! I'm the victim!" 
But… 
Before he could explain further, the police had already handcuffed him and Isla. "We have the evidence," they announced. "We need you both to come with us." 
"No! Let me go!" he shouted, his voice ringing through the air. 
Luke struggled to break free, but his efforts were in vain. The police dragged him away as he continued to shout and protest. 
After they were taken away… 
An unexpected event happened. 
Bella burst into tears as she tried to calm the crowd down. Despite the eventful day, they had to keep their thoughts buried until the end of the event. 
###chapter1683
Chapter 1683 You Don't Have the Right
The events that followed did not involve Elisa or Gareth, so it was time for them to head back home. 
"I haven't had a chance to thank you properly, and now you're already on your way back home," Bella said, her eyes glassy with emotion as she held onto Elisa's hand. 
"I came to attend a wedding, but I got to witness the growth of a young and brave woman as she ditched a man who didn't deserve her. I'll have to tell Grandma about this," Elisa said, her lips curving into a warm smile. 
Bella nodded incessantly, staring at Elisa. "Elisa, please help me tell Grandma that I really miss her. Once everything is settled here, I'll make sure to visit her." 
"It's a promise, then," Elisa answered, chuckling softly. 
"I promise." 
… 
Elisa was plagued by a whirlwind of negative thoughts as they were on the plane to head back home. 
Gareth attempted to speak with her on multiple occasions, but she did not respond. Gareth's forehead furrowed as he looked at Elisa, who appeared drowsy. Suddenly, he reached out and took hold of her hands. 
Despite Elisa's attempts to pull her hands away forcefully, he was too strong for her. She opened her eyes and gave him a surly glare without saying a word. 
"Why are you throwing a tantrum?" Gareth asked in his deep, gravelly voice. 
Baffled by his comment, Elisa wryly replied, "Throwing a tantrum?" 
Seeing how Gareth silently stared at her with an icy cold stare, she sneered, "How could I throw a tantrum at you, Mr. Wickam?" 
Gareth's heart raced as he tried to understand Elisa's cold attitude towards him. He didn't know what he had done to make her so distant. 
Gareth's heart raced as he tried to understand Elisa's cold attitude towards him. He didn't know what he had done to make her so distant. 
After a short pause, his eyes widened in realization. "I'm not the same as Luke," he assured, his brows furrowed. "I didn't have anything going on with Linda." 
Gareth knew that Elisa was reminded of her own pain and was hurt by what had happened at Bella's wedding. 
Gareth regretted taking Elisa to the wedding. It had been a mistake to put her in that situation. 
Furthermore, their relationship didn't have a chance to blossom, even though Gareth hoped it would. 
To make matters worse, Elisa didn't want to see him anymore. 
Elisa couldn't help but snicker. "What does your relationship with Linda have to do with me?" she
asked, her eyes narrowing. "Don't you think you're being delusional?" 
Tumultuous emotions stirred within her heart, and Gareth's words had only served to rub salt in the wound. He must have been out of his mind to bring up the past at a time like this. 
"I'm sorry." 
Elisa's eyes bulged, startled by the sudden apology. 
Gareth realized his mistake when he saw Elisa's distressed and aloof tone. He hadn't meant to bring up the past, and he quickly apologized. "It was my fault for speaking so carelessly," he muttered. "Please don't take it to heart. I only wanted you to know that I'm in no way similar to Luke." 
Luke had an affair with Bella's best friend, Isla, and even slept with her. But Gareth had never participated in intimacy with Linda. 
He blurted it out without thinking, not wanting Elisa to piece them together. 
A wave of regret washed over him when he finally realized what he had said. 
Elisa's lip curled into a smirk as she sneered, "Isn't every man who cheats a jerk?" Her voice was filled with exasperation and indignation as she continued, "Luke cheated on Bella physically, but you cheated emotionally!" 
Gareth's forehead creased into a deep scowl as he heard Elisa's words. His eyes were filled with icy rage as they locked onto her. 
How many times had he had to explain his relationship with Linda to her? 
Gareth kept his mouth sealed, but Elisa's words continued to rain down on him. "Gareth, the wedding is over now. I don't want anything to do with you anymore. You don't have the right to pry into my life, and you don't have the right to yell at me." 
There was an unwavering resolution to her voice, marking the finality of their relationship. 
As he listened to her explanation, he felt a knot of dread form in his stomach. His breath caught in his throat, suffocating him. 
Attending this wedding was a mistake. 
"If I had known that Bella's wedding would end up like this, I wouldn't have brought you here and put a damper on your mood." 
###chapter1684
Chapter 1684 We're Also Easily Comforted
Gareth pressed his lips together tightly, reflecting on his mistakes. 
Gareth had changed a lot since returning from Moranta. He was now much gentler and more patient. 
However! 
Even though he had changed, they couldn't be as affectionate as other couples. 
Elisa corrected him. "Gareth, you can't control that. You couldn't have predicted something like this would happen. We came to the wedding for Grandma, but who knew it would end up like this? Honestly, I was shaken up by how it turned out." 
"I hope you'll stop bothering me from now on. Let's end this on a good note. I'm sure you understand what I mean." 
Soon after, Elisa's gaze shifted to an air stewardess. 
She waved at the air stewardess, who greeted her with a kind and warm smile. "Hello, miss. Can I help you with anything?" 
"Hi, can you help me to move to a different seat?" 
Elisa requested to switch her seat. 
She felt deeply uncomfortable being near Gareth after his upsetting words. It didn't seem appropriate to be sitting next to him after pronouncing her firm resolve. 
They were both sitting in first class, but few seats were left in the first-class section. The air stewardess was in a difficult position because she couldn't fulfill Elisa's request. "I'm so sorry, miss, but there aren't many seats left in first class, and the other passengers might not be happy to switch seats. The flight to Bayswe is only an hour and fifteen minutes long, so I hope you can understand. We'll be there before you know it." 
To his surprise, the lady greeted him as soon as she sat down. 
"Mr. Wickam, it's good to see you here," she greeted warmly. 
Gareth wasn't paying attention to her and wasn't in the mood to interact with a stranger, but her voice sounded familiar. Suddenly, the lady took off her sunglasses and said, "Mr. Wickam, do you remember me? Our partnership had just begun recently." 
When he heard the word "partnership," he finally turned to look at the lady. 
Gareth recognized her the moment he saw her. 
She was his new client, Jasmine Reed, the woman he had sent to the hospital the other day. 
Gareth nodded at her. 
"Mr. Wickam, did you have a fight with your wife?" Jasmine asked suddenly, spurring him out of his thoughts. 
It wasn't unexpected that she had known about Gareth and Elisa's relationship. 
After all, the news of him and Elisa had been spreading like wildfire throughout Bayswe. 
Jasmine's eyes glittered with curiosity as she probed Gareth, but a scornful expression painted his features when he heard her question. "Women get easily angered," she continued, "but we're also easily comforted." She spoke over him before he could get a word in.
###chapter1685
Chapter 1685 Admiration
As Jasmine spoke, she carefully observed Gareth. 
When he turned his gaze towards her, her heart skipped a beat. Her words had intrigued Gareth. 
She smirked with contentment. 
Gareth looked at her and asked indifferently, "Ms. Reed, do you have any other suggestions?" 
Gareth's eyes remained fixed on her as he posed the question. 
At the same time, he quickly glanced toward Elisa. 
However, Elisa had already put on an eye mask. 
The colors drained from his face as he took on an ominous shade. 
His intention dissipated instantly, and Jasmine was left exasperated. 
Her hopes of getting closer to Gareth vanished in an instant. 
Gareth's quickly snapped, "Save your advice." 
As the words fell, Gareth turned around with a magazine in his hand. 
Jasmine did not say anything further. 
After all, she was the company's boss, and she wouldn't do anything that would compromise her dignity. 
The plane will be landing in Bayswe in two hours. 
Gareth caught up with Elisa as soon as she stood up to leave. 
"Are you heading to the office or somewhere else? I will give you a ride," he offered. 
Gareth's attitude towards Elisa was unusually positive. 
Jasmine couldn't help but notice how surprisingly patronizing Gareth could be. 
At that moment, she found herself envious of Elisa's presence. 
Gareth had an irresistible charm, and from their first encounter since she had discovered this allure, she had an involuntary urge to draw closer to him. 
Elisa respected Gareth in front of the crowd and didn't dismiss him entirely. "I'm going to the office, but it's not on your route," she replied. 
However, Gareth persisted. "Let's go to your company first. We can discuss potential collaboration. Your business needs to attract new customers." 
Benett Corporation is a well-established company in Bayswe City. Despite some internal issues, it remains resilient. 
Currently, the company does not require active customer acquisition efforts. 
"No need. I already have a partnership. Mr. Wickham, you should attend to your affairs," Elisa said coolly. 
Gareth's lips tightened, feeling a pang of discomfort from her words. 
His whole attention was now devoted to Elisa, and if he couldn't bring her back into his fold, everything else would seem pointless. 
Gareth's phone suddenly rang just as he was about to speak. 
His eyes paused briefly on the name reflected on the screen before he picked up the phone. 
Shortly after, a deep sigh emanated from the other end of the line. 
"Oh, my grandson, I've also heard about the situation over there. I can't believe the wedding turned into such a debacle. How is Elisa doing? Pass the phone to her so Grandma can converse with her." 
Julia glanced at the clock. They had just landed, probably together, she thought. 
"It's Grandma," Gareth uttered. As he handed the phone to Elisa, she remained silent, gazing at it. 
Julia's schemes resurfaced as Rachel's words echoed in Elisa's mind. 
Realizing she wouldn't continue to be controlled by the Wickhams, she calmly addressed Julia,
"Grandma, if you need to reach me, please call directly. Gareth and I can't be together all the time. He has his responsibilities, and I have my life." 
###chapter1686
Chapter 1686 The Urgency
Elisa remained assertive. 
Noticing Elisa's growing displeasure, she hastily smiled, attempting to divert the topic. "I thought you two had returned together, so I asked him to pass the phone so I could speak to you. Elisa, are you planning to come over today? We had quite a scene that Grandma can't stop talking about." 
Julia had a scheme in mind to play the matchmaker between Elisa and Gareth. 
Elisa stood her ground and firmly declined, "Grandma, my company is bustling. None of us wants a repeat of what happened. When I have some free time, I will come to visit you. Please remember to take your medication on time. Contact me if you need more." 
Without waiting for Julia's response, Elisa handed the phone directly to Gareth. 
She turned and walked away, exiting the corridor, where she immediately spotted Rachel waving at her. 
Elisa's somber mood eased upon seeing Rachel. 
Meanwhile, Gareth was being reprimanded. 
"You, just look at yourself. It hasn't even been a few days since the wedding became a farce. Can't you find solutions to other matters? You have always claimed to be exceptional since you were young, and you are even at the top of the industry. Yet this foolishness of yours is truly pushing me to the brink!" Julia scolded vehemently while forcefully tapping her cane on the ground. 
She had exhausted all possible solutions and said everything she needed to say. 
This wretched boy is a huge disappointment. 
Gareth listened attentively as Julia critiqued him without uttering a word in response. 
Julia was still not appeased and was about to yap on with her chidings when Darren interjected, "Enough already! We advised him not to divorce, but he didn't listen. Now that the marriage is over, if Elisa still intended to reconcile, why hasn't she done so after all this time?" 
Darren had been instrumental in facilitating the marriage. Elisa, now in charge of Benett Corporation amidst the recent debacles, faced intense scrutiny regarding her actions. 
Darren and Julia's hopes for reconciliation were slowly fading. 
Julia glared at Darren and yelled, "So, you're suggesting they break up? You approved this marriage in the first place!" 
Julia berated Darren while clutching her cane. She hung up the phone angrily. 
Darren's face turned dark as he stated the truth, but Julia remained reproachful. 
His displeasure grew when he responded with a hint of ire, "Yes, it was my idea. He was already an adult then, and Benett Corporation was equally powerful. Isn't a strong alliance beneficial? Who could have anticipated your wretched grandson's lack of ambition? It has been three years, and not only has he failed to have a child, but now this? You are chasing a lost cause!" 
Monica, who was upstairs preparing to descend, couldn't help but be startled upon hearing those words. 
Monica was surprised that Darren was informed of the current affairs and realized that Gareth's pursuit was futile and unattainable. 
Regardless, she was determined to have a serious conversation with Gareth. 
As for Elisa... 
Rachel made a special effort to pick up Elisa, promising a carefree outing of indulgence. 
An unknown landline number came through, despite having her phone set to block anonymous calls. 
She hesitantly answered and was met with a stern female voice on the other end.
###chapter1687
Chapter 1687 What's the Truth?
"Hello, are you a relative of Norman Benett? We are calling from the City People's Hospital, and I wanted to inform you that..." 
"No, I am not." 
Elisa didn't bother to listen further and scoffed about receiving a call regarding Norman Benett's situation. 
The caller persisted before she could hang up, "However, you are listed as his first emergency contact. Aren't you Elisa Benett? He is currently unconscious in the hospital. We kindly request your presence to complete the necessary paperwork and settle the outstanding expenses." 
She stopped in her tracks, and her face blanched. An involuntary disgruntled noise escaped her lips. 
Elisa found it absurd that the hospital expected her to care for Norman and pay his expenses. 
She couldn't care less if he died. 
However, the caller hung up before she could respond. 
Elisa found it amusing, but Rachel noticed her expression and asked, "Elisa, who called you? What's with that look on your face?" 
Elisa responded, "It was a call from the hospital, informing me that Norman had an incident and is currently hospitalized. They requested my presence to handle the paperwork and settle the expenses. I couldn't care less if he died. What's strange is that I'm listed as his first contact on his phone." 
Elisa cynically recounted the incident to Rachel, but as she reached the end, a sudden realization struck her. 
Why would Norman list her as the emergency contact if he wanted her dead? 
Is there a motive behind all of this? 
Meanwhile, Rachel sneered and snapped, "Why bother with Norman? We wanted him dead in the first place. His current situation is just karma catching up with him. Let's not get involved. Let him die there. Besides, doesn't he have a daughter? I refuse to believe he didn't save Linda's new contact information. There's definitely something fishy going on!" 
"Mhm," Elisa muttered in response, agreeing with Rachel's suspicions. She was, indeed, her best friend who understood her thoughts well. 
"Should we go and check it out first?" Elisa asked. 
However, Rachel swiftly placed her hand on Elisa's shoulder, pulling her close. "Let's eat first. We'll call Linda and Melinda to join us." 
Rachel's suggestion definitely piqued Elisa's interest. 
Elisa browsed the menu as she dialed Linda's number. 
Linda was engrossed in reviewing reports and the details of an upcoming contract. 
Despite her new identity, she had a mission to fulfill. Mrs. Garner's high standards and her tasks left no room for negligence. 
Elisa's phone call gave Melinda a surprise. 
She and Gareth were supposed to be in Foris City. 
Linda hesitated before answering the call. She said nervously, "Elisa, is there something you need? I'm studying!" 
Elisa had the speakerphone on, and Rachel almost spit out her water upon hearing Linda's fake and high-pitched voice. 
"I'm back from Foris City. Want to join me for a meal? You said you needed my help. Come over. And once I finish my tasks, we'll go to the Darcey's to meet Will." 
Linda was likely to be enticed by this phone call, especially given Darcey's support of her project and her animosity towards Elisa. 
###chapter1688
Chapter 1688 Coincidence
"Lis, what brings you here?" 
Linda's response confirmed her expectations, and she smiled, "I've been back for a while now. No worries, I'll be quick. I'll send you the address, so come over soon." 
Elisa promptly shared her location with Linda. 
Elisa and Rachel then devised a plan to deal with the hospital discreetly. 
She exchanged a sturdy look at Rachel, who reassured her and said, "Why bother finding someone else? I'm right here! We can easily devise a reason or excuse in no time." 
She froze upon hearing the phrase "in no time." 
She said bluntly, "Using minor illnesses as an excuse definitely won't work." 
"Where there's a will, there's a way," Rachel chuckled and teased Elisa. 
Soon after Linda's arrival, Elisa and Rachel welcomed her to join them at the table. However, Rachel's meal was interrupted as she suddenly covered her mouth and backed away from the table. 
Feigning an alarmed appearance, Elisa asked with concern, "Rachel, what's wrong? Did something you eat make you feel sick?" 
Rachel tugged on Elisa's sleeves, her beady pupils communicating her thoughts. 
Just as she was about to fetch water for Rachel, a sudden thought flashed through her mind. 
Rachel's face lost all color as if she was struck by a sudden illness. 
"F***! Ever since I came back with Vincent, I've been feeling off. Elisa, can you come with me to the hospital later? I want to get checked out." 
Pretending to be overwhelmed by the news, Elisa stood frozen on the spot. 
Rachel's so good at acting that there's no way anyone would be able to tell it's all a setup! 
Rachel finally pulled her out of her intruding thoughts when she said, "Lis, what's wrong? I'm mature enough, and with Vincent's wealth, having a child is normal, right?" 
Convincing Linda would be an easy task in Vincent's absence. 
Linda swiftly suggested, "Well, what are you waiting for? Let's go to the hospital if you're feeling unwell!" Even though Linda and Rachel had only met each once before, she knew she could not just stand aside when considering the possibility of Rachel's pregnancy. 
Elisa and Rachel smirked and exchanged glances upon hearing Linda's words. It was precisely what they had planned. 
They wasted no time and went directly to the emergency room where Norman was being treated. 
Rachel playfully approached the triage desk, pretending to be clueless, and inquired about the nurse's notes. She then turned to Elisa, feigning surprise, and exclaimed, "Elisa, your Uncle Norman seems to
be in some kind of emergency!" 
"No way, it could just be a coincidence. And you know our relationship well; I wouldn't care even if he were to die before me," Elisa responded playfully. 
Elisa and Rachel deliberately spoke loudly so they could be overheard by Linda. 
And the very target of their words, Linda, who stood behind them, felt her heart sink. 
She wanted to confirm if the person mentioned was her father, but her current identity held her back. 
###chapter1689
Chapter 1689 Swift and Decisive
With Elisa and Rachel in the room, Linda realized she couldn't just leave them abruptly. 
She took a deep breath, attempting to restrain her emotions. At the same time, a conversation between Rachel and Elisa caught the attention of a passing nurse. 
The nurse, a middle-aged woman with a no-nonsense demeanor, turned her gaze towards Rachel and Elisa. Her eyes scanned them briefly before she said, "Can I help you?". 
Rachel swiftly straightened her posture and replied confidently, her voice steady, "I'm here for a check- up," she responded. 
"What kind of check-up?" The nurse asked out of habit, but Rachel's swift reply caught her off guard. "I want to find out if I'm pregnant." 
The nurse couldn't believe her ears and found herself chuckling unintentionally. "Miss, if you want to find out whether you're pregnant, you should buy a pregnancy test kit from the pharmacy. Pregnancy checks aren't conducted in the emergency department. You'll find the outpatient registration area if you turn left and go straight for a bit." 
Rachel felt a twinge of frustration but maintained her composure, knowing that her next words were crucial to avoid raising Linda's suspicions. 
Thinking on her feet, she explained to the nurse, "I'm concerned that the test kits in the pharmacy might not be accurate. I apologize for not knowing that pregnancy checks aren't performed in the emergency department. Still, I've already paid for the registration. Can we just proceed with the pregnancy check here?" 
Rachel had gone to great lengths to lure Linda to the hospital, and Elisa felt embarrassed. 
Rachel's eagerness to help had clouded her judgment, neglecting common sense. As someone knowledgeable in medicine, Elisa was well aware of hospital protocols but had yet to advise Rachel in time. 
The nurse regarded Rachel with disbelief and impatience, but Rachel endured the judgment. "Since I have already paid, please direct me to the doctor's office? I would like to proceed there." 
The nurse pointed in a direction, eager for Rachel to leave. 
Little did they know that the attending physician that day would be Jeremy, a close friend of Gareth and Vincent. 
Rachel's heart sank. Oh no! Why does it have to be him? 
Even Elisa seemed taken aback. 
Jeremy, upon spotting the two women, also showed a brief moment of astonishment before quickly regaining his composure. 
Adopting an official tone, he inquired, "What seems to be the issue?" 
"I... I believe I might be pregnant. Please provide me with a prescription for the necessary tests. If I'm indeed pregnant, I want Vincent to take responsibility for me and the baby," Rachel exclaimed, slamming her hand on the table in frustration. 
In truth, she regretted her impulsive decision. If she had known Jeremy would be on duty that day, she wouldn't have resorted to this excuse. But now that Elisa was by her side, she had to proceed with her plan to avoid revealing her true motives. 
Jeremy's eyebrows shot up in surprise, momentarily caught off guard by Rachel's words. He had never been involved in Vincent's personal affairs nor intended to pay much attention to it. But such big news of Vincent getting someone pregnant left him speechless. And not to say that such a request for a pregnancy test in the emergency department was a first in his many years of practice. 
Sensing the need to press on, Rachel urged him, "Please hurry and provide me with the prescription. I need to know the answer as soon as possible!" 
Considering Vincent's reputation, Jeremy reluctantly wrote a prescription for her. Elisa accompanied Rachel for the examination while Linda quickly found an excuse to leave. "Elisa, I'm feeling a bit unwell in my stomach. You should go with your friend for the check-up. I'll take care of things here and find you as soon as I'm done." 
Had Linda not heard her father's name, she could have continued as if nothing had happened. But now that she knew, she couldn't simply ignore the situation. It had to be resolved swiftly. 
Elisa nodded and kindly said, "Alright, you should go quickly. If you're not feeling well, you can register and see a doctor while at the hospital." 
###chapter1690
Chapter 1690 Exposed
"Okay," Linda nodded and left, her mind swirling with confusion. 
As she walked away, Rachel crossed her arms and couldn't help but complain to Elisa. "Seriously, acting is so exhausting. I don't know how those actors manage to do it every day! I mean, we were only doing it for a short while, but they have to endure it for such a long time and be scrutinized by so many people!" She exasperated. 
Elisa turned to look at Rachel, her expression serious. "What about the test?" she asked, her tone laced with concern. 
Rachel shook her head, a determined look in her eyes. "She's left, so what's the point of getting checked? I knew my plan would work. Look, we have solid evidence. Should we have someone capture it on camera?" 
Rachel's suggestion was based solely on the consideration of Elisa's situation. If they were to confront Linda later, having photographic evidence and proof would leave Linda with no chance to defend herself. It would be a decisive blow. 
However, Elisa shook her head, a glimmer of calculation in her eyes. "No need for that. There are surveillance cameras in the hospital; besides, it's too early to expose everything. The game has just begun, and we haven't even enjoyed it yet. How can it end so soon?" 
As she spoke, a sarcastic and cold smirk played at the corners of Elisa's lips. She had her own plans and knew that rushing things wouldn't be to their advantage. 
Little did they know, Jeremy had already called Vincent, hoping to provoke him with some teasing
about Rachel's pregnancy. 
"I never expected you'd be taken down by Rachel. Pregnancy before marriage, huh? You might as well go ahead and marry her," Jeremy said, his voice laced with amusement. 
Vincent was taken aback by the teasing initially, but the last sentence struck a nerve. 
Marry her? Is Rachel pregnant? Whose child is it? Is that why she has been refusing me all this time? Thoughts raced through Vincent's mind, and his expression turned sour. He couldn't let this situation go unchecked. 
"Is Rachel at the hospital now? Who is with her?" Vincent asked, his voice laced with urgency and concern. 
"Elisa," Jeremy replied truthfully, unaware of the full extent of the situation. 
As soon as Vincent heard that Elisa was with Rachel, the idea of finding Elisa became especially prominent. 
Ultimately, Vincent made the decision to make the trip to the hospital. 
Meanwhile, Linda had already inquired at the nurse station about Norman's ward. 
Determined to see her father, she walked into the room and was met with the sight of Norman lying on the bed, pale-faced and wearing an oxygen mask, his condition looking severe. 
Unable to contain her emotions, Linda rushed forward, her voice filled with concern, "Dad…." 
Upon hearing Linda's voice, Norman, who had been feigning unconsciousness, instantly regained his clarity. 
However, his face turned dark and gloomy instead. "Why did you come?" he questioned with a tone filled with bitterness. 
Didn't he set it up and make Elisa his emergency contact person so that the doctor would definitely call Elisa regarding his severe condition? Even if Elisa didn't care about his life, she wouldn't leave him alone in the hospital, especially considering they still needed to pay the fees. 
But why is Linda here instead of Elisa? Norman was disappointed at the sight of Linda, as she was not the person he longed for. 
Linda was taken aback, her confusion mounting. "Dad, what's going on? Weren't you in an accident? You…" Her emotions took a complete turn as the realization of the situation struck her. 
She understood that everything had been a scheme. Still, instead of feeling a sense of victory for figuring out their tricks, she couldn't help but feel a pang of sadness. Her father was rejecting her, telling her she shouldn't have come, and on top of that, it seemed like Elisa and Rachel had tricked her here. 
"My intention was for Elisa to come. Why did you show up here? Did you come alone?" Norman's brows furrowed as he fired off consecutive questions. 
Linda realized the gravity of the situation and quickly explained everything to Norman. "They have
found out about your true identity. They intentionally tricked you into coming here!" Her voice was filled with concern and frustration as she revealed that piece of information.
###chapter1691
Chapter 1691 Devious
After listening to the whole story from Linda, Norman became angry. 
He had thought everything would go smoothly now that Linda had a new identity, but now it looked like they were pawns in Elisa's game. 
Elisa was looking down on them and laughing at their suffering! 
Linda started to panic. "What? My face and voice are completely different from before. Rachel came to the hospital for her obstetrician checkup because she was carrying Vincent's baby. Elisa isn't omniscient. How would she know I am Linda after only talking to me a handful of times? No! I refuse to believe it!" 
Linda sounded as if she was on the verge of losing her mind. 
It was difficult for Norman to see his daughter like that. It was as if a hand had a tight grip on his heart and was constantly applying pressure. 
"My dear daughter, you need to face reality. If you want to blame someone, blame Elisa for being so devious. We'll retaliate and beat her at her own game." 
Elisa was just like them. They were all filled with hostility and vengefulness. 
Before she has had her fun, Elisa will only laugh at them from afar. 
Linda understood what her father was trying to say. Of course, they'll have to retaliate. That was the only way they could justify the pain they had endured. 
"Dad, I can transfer you some money if you're having problems paying the medical fees…" Linda could hear Norman struggling to catch his breath from over the phone. 
Her father was no longer the young, athletic man of his youth. His health problems must result from the mental exhaustion he had been experiencing recently. 
This was all Elisa's fault! 
"I have all the money I need!" Norman interjected. "You should be worried about yourself! Aren't they keeping a tight watch on your spending? Besides, I'm staying at the office and eating food from the cafeteria. Elisa might want me dead, but she can't exactly kill me. Murder is a crime, after all." 
He knew exactly what kind of person Elisa was. Her goal was to mess with their minds and drive them to their demise, but she also wanted to enjoy the game thoroughly. 
That's what made her so devious! 
"In any case, I've been acting sorry whenever she's around. Just play along with them if they see you. Let them believe you're dumb. That way, they'll fall for it. When that time comes…" 
Norman smirked deviously. 
Linda nodded. 
"Go. Don't make a fool of yourself. From now on, whatever you do, take a second to think. We can't keep losing to Elisa, can we?" 
Norman's reminder ignited Linda's hatred for Elisa. 
She had to beat Elisa. She needed revenge. It was the only reason she had chosen to work with boss. This led to Mrs. Garner manipulating her, and she suffered a lot during that time. 
"Rest assured, Dad. I will never lose to Elisa again!" 
Linda was surer than ever. Her eyes were ablaze with conviction. 
###chapter1692
Chapter 1692 He Didn't Care If It Was True Or Not
When Linda rejoined Elisa and Rachel, Rachel took the initiative to enhance the authenticity of their "game" by going through with the ultrasound. 
Rachel returned with the results hoping to fool Linda. 
Sure enough, Linda noticed the ultrasound report in Rachel's hand. "Rachel, how did the ultrasound go?" Linda asked with concern, "Are you pregnant?" 
"Yes, I'm pregnant." Rachel replied. 
"Congratulations!" Linda feigned a smile, hiding how she really felt. "Elisa and I will wait for you outside during your doctor's appointment." 
Rachel steeled herself and entered Jeremy's office. 
"You're pregnant?" 
Jeremy asked the moment Rachel stepped into his office. 
Rachel dropped the act the moment they were alone. "No, I'm not pregnant. It's all an act Elisa, and I put together. If possible, could you please help me by prescribing calcium supplements?" 
Jeremy, "…" 
Rachel claimed to be pregnant and had even pretended to be highly anxious about it. 
And now she was saying it was all an act. If Jeremy had guessed right, Vincent must be on his way here if he had not already arrived. 
When Linda rejoined Elisa and Rachel, Rachel took the initiative to enhance the authenticity of their "game" by going through with the ultrasound.
He must have dialed the wrong number earlier. 
"Rachel," Jeremy said sternly, "Do you think it's right to fabricate a pregnancy to such an extent that it leads to a visit to the emergency department and wasting public resources?" 
He was right in saying Rachel shouldn't be misusing the emergency department. But as for wasting public resources… Jeremy was the one who referred her here. All she did was follow the procedure, which was done too quickly to call it a waste of resources. 
The only one who this would inconvenience was Vincent. 
Clearly, Jeremy had informed Vincent of Rachel's 'pregnancy'. 
Damn it! 
Jeremy was a part of Vincent's circle of friends. And being longtime friends, he was obviously shocked to see the infamous playboy finally settling down and becoming a father. 
Which was why Rachel understood why Jeremy had called Vincent to tell him about it. 
"So what if he misunderstands?" Rachel brushed it off. "I'll just tell him the truth. And he's not the type to care if it was true or not." 
The more they talked, the more Rachel felt something was off. Her chest felt tight and heavy as if someone had placed a heavy stone on her chest, preventing her from breathing. 
Vincent's upset expression crossed her mind.
Vincent and Rachel had never been intimate before. Jeremy congratulating him on Rachel's pregnancy would lead Vincent to believe someone else had gotten her pregnant! 
For some reason, Rachel's head started to pound… 
"Why do you think he won't care? Rachel, everyone reacts differently. Just because you react this way doesn't mean you can disregard his feelings. This is not something you can take lightly. And you shouldn't be wasting hospital resources like this. The emergency department is meant for people who need immediate medical attention. We are here to save lives, not to be a part of your theatrical performance." 
Jeremy spared no thought for her feelings. 
Even though Rachel didn't appreciate being lectured, she couldn't deny she was in the wrong. Rachel remained silent. 
Jeremy prescribed some calcium supplements for her. After collecting the supplements, she turned, and to her surprise, Vincent was standing behind her…
###chapter1693
Chapter 1693 I Don't Want You To Be With Someone Else
Their eyes met. Vincent's inky black eyes stared deep into hers. 
Rachel's eye started to twitch. 
Damn it! 
When did he turn up? Jeremy must have told him something. 
She 
But Rachel quickly regained her composure. 
Before she could react, Vincent had closed the distance between them. 
He towered over her like a mountain. 
Vincent squinted at her. "You're pregnant?" He asked coldly. 
Rachel, "…" 
Rachel knew why he had come the moment she saw him. She knew she was in for an interrogation. 
But what right did he have to be angry with her? 
"What's it to you if I am pregnant or not?" She whispered angrily at him. "It's not really any of your business, is it? I don't have time to explain myself to you. There's somewhere else I need to be." 
All she wanted to do was lure Linda to the hospital. Rachel didn't think about the consequences of her lie. 
And now Vincent was here at the hospital. She couldn't let Linda see him.
But Vincent wasn't done with her. 
Their eyes met. Vincent's inky black eyes stared deep into hers. 
Rachel tried to leave, but Vincent immediately blocked her path. 
"Tell me the truth! What is going on?" 
Lord knew how devastated he was when he heard the news! He had spent every day with this woman and could figure out when she found the time to fool around with some other guy! 
He gripped her wrist tightly. "Who the hell is he?" He demanded through gritted teeth. 
Elisa and Linda spotted them while Rachel was trying to figure out how to get rid of Vincent. 
Realizing what was happening, Elisa led Linda away. "Linda, now that Vincent's here, Melinda and I are leaving." 
Rachel shot her a look, telling her to leave. 
Linda caught on. She left with Elisa, leaving Linda and Vincent on their own. 
Once they were a distance away, Rachel tossed the calcium supplements and everything else into the trashcan. "I'm not pregnant. It's all an act to convince the person next to Elisa to come to the hospital. All I did was use your name. I didn't think Mr. Chase himself would oversee my appointment and call you. I apologize for any inconvenience." 
Rachel was as calm as ever. 
She explained the situation. Hopefully, Vincent would drop the issue.
Not understanding the situation, Vincent stared at her in confusion. "Why did you need to make up a story about being pregnant to convince her to come to her hospital? If you're not pregnant, then why…" 
"Here's the medical report." Rachel cut him off. "You can take a look at it. I think this interrogation of yours is a joke. So what if I'm pregnant? Couldn't you have called me and yelled at me over the phone? Just treat me how you would with those other women you have around you. You've never been like this before." She snapped at him. 
Vincent pursed his lips. "You're different from them." He said solemnly. "Rachel, I'll care for you if you're pregnant with my child. But if it were someone else's…" 
Rachel burst out in laughter. She glared at him derisively, "So what if it's someone else's? What are we to each other? So what if I got pregnant with someone else's child? That's just something I'll have to deal with."
###chapter1694
Chapter 1694 You're Deranged!
Rachel glared at him coldly. Vincent finally understood. 
She was telling him, "We are nothing to each other. Who do you think you are to stick your nose into my business?" 
Vincent's chest tightened at the thought. 
He tossed everything out the window and blurted out his honest feelings, "Rachel, I don't want you to be with anyone else. Neither do I want you to have someone else's child." 
Vincent saw the ultrasound. 
There was no indication of her being pregnant. Vincent felt both elated and disappointed. 
Because… 
"Why?" Rachel asked. 
Rachel stared at him questioningly. "Why don't you want me to be with someone else?" 
Vincent knew there was no way he was getting out of this. 
He needed to tell her the truth. 
He needed to tell her, even if she chose to avoid him after this. 
Vincent pursed his lips tight. There was a moment of silence before he finally said, "Because I want to be with you. Rachel, give me a chance to take care of you." 
He had sped over when Jeremy told him about her pregnancy. 
Rachel glared at him coldly. Vincent finally understood.
Vincent didn't want to believe Jeremy. 
But Jeremy wasn't someone who would joke about something like this. Jeremy must have examined her and found out about her condition. 
Vincent's heart ached when he saw her at the reception. Why couldn't he decide? Why did it take him so long to realize? 
If he had realized sooner, Rachel wouldn't have gotten hurt. She wouldn't be pregnant with someone else's child. 
His heartache was accompanied by anger. 
But thankfully, Rachel was just using his name, and she wasn't actually pregnant. He was elated. 
That meant he still had a chance. 
Rachel was shocked to hear what Vincent said. She always suspected Vincent of having ulterior motives. She couldn't entirely deny not having these suspicions. 
But Vincent had never been more serious in his life. 
His eyes were filled with sadness. His interrogation, her not answering him, and his complicated feelings… 
He truly… 
He wouldn't have rushed over when he heard she was pregnant with his child otherwise. He was furious, but he said those things before he found out she wasn't pregnant.
But they couldn't be together. 
Rachel remained calm. She suppressed her burgeoning emotions and said coolly, "Vincent, we are from different worlds. Stop with the act. I know why you're saying all these things. You're trying to fool me by acting all nice to me, aren't you?" 
Vincent frowned. He knew she would say this! The stubborn woman that she was! 
"No. Not once did I think of that. You can ask Elisa if you don't believe me. I asked her for advice when she was in Moranta. I have all our chat logs on my phone. Even my journey back to Bayswe was planned." Vincent patiently explained. 
He told her the whole truth. What happened today had truly scared him. 
No one knew how terrified he was when he heard the news. 
If he didn't act quickly, the girl he was in love with would end up with someone else. This was almost certain with Rachel's personality. 
Rachel was furious when she heard Vincent had planned the entire thing.
###chapter1695
Chapter 1695 How Could I Let Her Have Her Way!
Rachel struck Vincent's chest. "You bastard! I was so worried about you! But you stood aside and watched it happen like a show! Stay away from me! I don't want to see you!" 
Vincent caught her hand when it landed on his chest. He held on to it before she could retract it. "It was worth it if it meant I got to be with you." 
Rachel, "…" 
How could he say such things after everything that had happened? Rachel shook her head in fear and denial. "No! You need to leave! You're deranged!" 
Rachel gritted her teeth and kicked him as hard as she could. 
While Vincent staggered backward, Rachel saw her chance and took off. 
"Damned woman! Stop!" Vincent glared at her retreating figure. "Sly thing!" 
Without even saying hi to Jeremy, Vincent quickly chased after Rachel. 
… 
As for Elisa and Linda… 
Knowing Rachel was with Vincent, and he wouldn't let her go that easily, Elisa drove off in the car they came in. 
Linda sat across from her in the passenger seat while Elisa drove. 
Linda turned to Elisa. Her eyes filled with worry, "Elisa, what's going to happen to your friend?"
Rachel struck Vincent's chest. "You bastard! I was so worried about you! But you stood aside and watched it happen like a show! Stay away from me! I don't want to see you!" 
"She'll be fine. Don't worry about it. She and Vincent will come to an agreement." Elisa didn't look like she was going to divulge any more information. 
Cold intent flashed through Linda's eyes. She didn't know how to continue the conversation! 
Rachel had obviously deceived her into coming to the hospital! Linda was ready to bet her life that Rachel wasn't pregnant at all! 
If it weren't for her father's situation, Linda would never have doubted Rachel. She might even believed her. But now! 
Rage bubbled in her chest, but she couldn't say a thing. 
"I see. As long as everything's okay between the two of them." Linda answered, continuing to assess Elisa. Her eyes devoid of all warmth. 
Linda knew it! Rachel had deliberately taunted her earlier because she knew who Linda was! 
B*tch! 
No wonder Elisa and she were friends! They were both b*tches! 
To Linda's surprise, Elisa found out about her real identity even after Linda had gone to such lengths to hide who she was. But now that she thought about it, it wasn't completely surprising Elisa knew. 
Elisa must have known Linda wasn't the type to take her own life when she saw the video. Elisa knew Linda would return with a new identity. It wasn't wholly unexpected if Elisa had been keeping an eye on her all this while.
If that were the case… 
Linda needed to tell the boss about this. Otherwise… 
Regaining her composure, Linda turned to Elisa. "Where are we going next?" 
Elisa smiled breezily at her, "Where would you like to go?" 
Linda smiled back, "I'm open to anything. But about the collaboration you mentioned earlier…" 
She trailed off as if she didn't know what to say next. 
If they were in the past, Linda would have grabbed the opportunity, but now! 
She did not care one bit! 
There was no way Elisa would help her if she knew who Linda was! 
When had she become so good at acting? 
Well, we'll see who's the better actress! 
She used to be able to fool Elisa so easily, and now, she would make sure Elisa knew nothing! 
Elisa slowly turned to Elisa.
###chapter1696
Chapter 1696 Gareth Isn't As Good As Will
Linda stared back innocently. 
Maintaining her composure, Elisa smiled slowly. "I'm a woman of my word. But Will might still be recovering. I'll have to call him to confirm." 
Linda laughed easily. "That's so kind of you, Elisa! Thank you for being so willing to help me." 
Elisa smiled widely at Linda, "You're welcome." 
Nothing further was said. 
Linda continued acting like a sweet, innocent girl. 
She knew Elisa wouldn't actually introduce her to anyone. But as Elisa was the one to bring it up, Linda was determined to build a connection with Will. Once they had a connection, she wouldn't need to rely on Elisa anymore. Her current appearance was nothing less than a beauty. Who knows, after talking to Will a few times, he might fall in love with her. 
Elisa pulled out her phone and called Will. 
He answered almost immediately. 
"Elisa, finally." Will sounded gentle and sweet. He sounded in much better health than when she last spoke to him. 
Elisa blinked. She remembered what her mother had told her. She pursed her lips shut. "How are you feeling?" 
"Recovering. Not bad." Will coughed. 
"Not bad?" Elisa frowned. 
"Yeah." 
He coughed again. 
Elisa frowned. Something didn't feel right. "What's wrong?" She asked. 
"I'm honestly fine. I just had a tickle in my throat." Will smiled. 
There was a slight pause when Elisa noticed Linda was listening closely. Elisa asked lightly, "What are your thoughts about the Western Suburbs project? I met a new friend recently." 
Elisa emphasized the word 'friend'. 
She knew Will well enough to know he would pick up on it. 
"What's up?" 
"It's Melinda Garner, heiress of the Garner family. She's just returned. Her family wants her to take over some company projects, but… You know how it is. She's just returned, and few are convinced of her abilities." 
Will stayed quiet. He waited for Elisa to continue. 
"She needs a project to prove herself, which was why I thought of the Western Suburbs project. She's right next to me. If you'd like, maybe the both of you could have a chat about it." 
"Cough…" 
Will started to cough. 
Elisa hid a smirk. His coughs earlier were involuntary, but this one wasn't. 
He understood what she wanted of him. 
He knew she wasn't the type to introduce anyone to him. This was a game. 
Elisa asked urgently, "Are you okay?" 
Linda listened with barely hidden anxiety. 
What was wrong with Elisa?! 
Why did she inquire about his health after asking the crucial question? 
Before she could dwell on it any further, Will spoke up. 
"I'm fine. I think it's just a cold from leaving my window open. I'll be okay after a few days." 
Linda grew antsy with anticipation. 
Actually… 
She had put all of her attention on Gareth in the past, but the truth was, there wasn't much difference between Will and Gareth. In fact, Will was better than Gareth. 
Gareth was divorced, and right now, he was consumed with thoughts of Elisa. 
But Will Darcey had never been married! 
###chapter1697
Chapter 1697 Temptation
The more Linda thought about it, the more she liked the idea! 
If she could get together with Will, she needn't fear anything in the future! 
She needn't even be afraid of the one manipulating things behind the scenes. Linda had Will on her side after all. 
She took a breath to collect herself and listened. 
"So… Does that mean you can't do it right now?" Elisa asked casually. 
"Yeah. I'm focused on recovering right now. It will take some time before we can discuss the collaboration. I don't have the energy to work right now." 
Linda heard every word Will said. She tensed up. How could this be?! 
She parted her lips, but not a sound came out. 
"You should rest if that's the case. Call me when you're free, and we can discuss the details." Elisa said. 
"Mmhmm." Will didn't want to hang up, but he needed to continue the act with her. 
"I'll hang up then. Rest well." 
"Okay." 
Elisa hung up. She seemed to be oblivious to Will's reluctance. 
She turned to Linda and apologized, "I'm sorry, Melinda. He still needs to recover. You heard our conversation." 
Linda smiled and shook her head, "It's okay. Health should be his priority if he hasn't recovered fully. Besides, I just returned. There's still so much I need to take care of for the family. Waiting a little longer shouldn't be an issue." 
Elisa nodded. "Then… Let me send you back?" She sighed helplessly. 
Linda felt nothing but anger towards Elisa. Their meeting amounted to nothing, and she wanted nothing more but for them to go their separate ways. 
But the thought of Elisa going to the trouble of driving her home sounded amusing. She gave Elisa an awkward smile, "I… I can't trouble you any further." 
"It's no problem. Are you worried about my driving skills?" 
"Of course not!" Linda feigned surprise. "Well then… I'm in your care, Elisa." 
Elisa smiled and started the car. 
Neither of them said much during the drive. They were both lost in their thoughts. It wasn't until they arrived at Linda's home that Elisa spoke up, "Well, see you next time." 
"Thank you for sending me home, Elisa. It's the kindest anyone has been to me ever since I got home. You're such a good friend." Elisa smiled warmly at her. 
Elisa smiled back. "I like you too. I'll be off then." 
"Okay. Drive safely." 
Elisa smiled and nodded before driving away. 
Through the rearview mirror, Elisa could still see Linda standing in the yard looking her way. Disdain finally showed on her face. Linda was an excellent actress. 
She only agreed to Rachel bringing Linda to the hospital to confirm her identity. She wanted to know if her suspicions were real. If Melinda weren't Linda as she suspected, Elisa would stay away from her. She didn't want to hurt the innocent. 
However… 
Linda did not disappoint her. She rushed over the moment she heard about Norman. 
They were indeed father and daughter. 
She sneered. 
It was time for her to make her move. 
She stopped at an intersection and waited for the light to turn green. Conflicting emotions burgeoned in
her chest. It's been a while since she last saw him. She should pay him a visit… 
Before she could give it much thought, her phone rang.
###chapter1698
Chapter 1698 Both of Them Knew
It was Rachel. 
Elisa immediately picked up. 
Before Elisa could say a word, Rachel said, "Damn it! I finally got rid of Vincent. He's so annoying! Sticking to me like gum in my hair!" 
Elisa stifled a laugh. "You were the one who used his name in the first place." 
To be honest, Elisa was perplexed when she heard Rachel's reasons. 
She didn't think Rachel would go to such lengths. 
"I wanted to make it convincing! I sacrificed myself to trick Linda into meeting with her father! I can't believe how selfless I am being so that father and daughter can reunite! Linda should thank me!" 
Elisa couldn't help the laughter bubbling out from her chest. "Don't you think she'll suspect us after everything you did?" 
"Huh?" Rachel didn't understand. 
Elisa calmly answered, "She's not stupid. You tricked her into coming to the hospital with you and even led her to the wrong ward. You told her about Norman's health issues. She might have been too worried to realize at the moment, but don't you think she might think back and realize we showed her the way?" 
"Oh no!" Rachel started to worry. "Did I go too far? We knew her true identity, but she didn't know that we knew. She might do things we could prevent, but now… Both of you are aware of the other. Did… Did I ruin your plans, Elisa?" 
Rachel stammered like a child with her hand caught in the cookie jar. 
Elisa smiled. "I wouldn't have let all this happen if it would ruin things. Tricking her into going to the hospital was so I could confirm if she truly was Linda." 
"Huh?" Rachel was more confused than ever. She gripped the phone tightly. "What do you mean?" 
"I didn't want to involve an innocent in this. It would be terrible if I made a mistake and hurt the real Melinda." 
"I see!" Rachel let out a sigh of relief. "That's good, then. I thought I made a mistake. But now that she knows, you know… It might not be as easy to deal with her in the future." 
"She'll still try to lure me into a trap even after knowing that I know who she is. She'll make even more mistakes and reveal herself even more. It makes things much easier for me." Elisa explained. The light turned green. Elisa switched the phone to speaker mode and put it to the side. 
She had deliberately turned the car's Bluetooth off because Linda was around. 
"Really? I hope you'll be careful. I'm afraid she'll do something extreme when she knows we're testing her. Oh, that's right. Didn't you say there was someone controlling things behind the scenes? Do you know who it is?" 
"I have an idea." 
"Huh? Who is it?" 
Elisa kept her attention on the road and took her time to respond. "You don't know them. I'll tell you next time. I need to take care of some business. Talk to you soon." 
"Oh, alright. Drive safe." 
"Okay." 
They hung up without another word. 
An hour later. 
Elisa arrived at her destination. 
Leaving the hospital and dropping Linda off took her some time to arrive there finally. 
She sat in the car, in no hurry to get out. Elisa made a phone call. 
He picked up almost immediately.
###chapter1699
Chapter 1699 Are You Worried About Me?
"Elisa?" 
"Are you home?" Elisa went straight to the point. 
"Yup. I'm alone at home." Will chuckled warmly. 
"I'm outside." Replied Elisa. 
Will was surprised. He immediately said, "Come in." 
Elisa hung up. 
The gates to the grounds opened. She drove in, parked, and got out. 
The front door opened. Still in a wheelchair, Will personally came to welcome her. 
Elisa frowned. She followed him in and shut the door. Turning to him, she scowled, "You're not completely recovered yet, and you're coughing. You shouldn't be going outside where it's cold." 
Will chuckled in amusement. "Are you worried about me?" 
Elisa looked away and scowled even harder. "You're not fully well. I was the one who treated you before. Worrying about you is only natural." 
Will sighed in exasperation. "Elisa, you don't need to draw the line like that." 
Elisa could see the sadness in Will's eyes. She pursed her lips, not knowing what to say next. 
She gestured for him to give her his hand and said, "Show me." 
Will obediently held his hand out. Elisa felt his pulse. Neither of them said a word. 
After a while, Elisa frowned. "Who is your doctor?" 
"Someone my mom found for me." Was Will's brief answer. 
As Elisa withdrew her hand, Will said softly, "Have a seat. I'll make some tea." 
He instructed the maid to make them some tea. 
She acknowledged his request and immediately left the room. 
Elisa and Will sat down on the couch. "It shouldn't take you this long to recover. The doctor might not have prescribed you the right medication, or maybe you're not following the doctor's orders." Elisa questioned him sternly. 
"Do you think I'd do that in my current condition?" Will asked her in disbelief. 
Elisa felt guilty for not believing him. Will wouldn't need to suffer if it weren't for her. He almost… 
It sent shivers down her spine just thinking about it. 
"I'm sorry." She finally said. 
Will furrowed his brows. "I never needed your apology." 
Elisa didn't meet his gaze. She didn't know what to say. Will sighed in exasperation. "I know, Elisa. You don't need to blame yourself. If it were you that day, I would blame myself for the rest of my life." 
Elisa looked up at him. 
She stayed quiet, not knowing how to respond. 
Will chuckled. "If the same thing were to happen to you that day, I wouldn't have found a competent doctor like you. You might lose your leg. But thankfully, I was the one to get hurt. You were there when it happened. You supported me. And if I don't fully recover, I'll still be able to rely on your kindness and have you take care of me for the rest of my life. Doesn't that sound like a good plan?" 
Will was teasing her. 
Elisa knew he was trying to lighten the mood. 
But if only she hadn't asked Will to drive her, this wouldn't have happened. 
Elisa sighed. 
Words wouldn't change a thing. 
###chapter1700
Chapter 1700 Actions Speak Louder Than Words
She'd remember this for as long as she lived. 
"Could you show me what medicines you're currently taking?" 
Will arched an eyebrow at her. He took out his phone and shot his assistant a text. 
After a few minutes, he forwarded the names of the medicines to Elisa. 
Elisa burst into laughter when she read his text. "Is this a joke?" 
Where did Will's mother find this doctor?! 
Will stared at her. "My mother hired him from abroad. She paid a lot to convince him to be my doctor. It looks like she's found me a quack." 
Elisa turned grim. "You're not coughing because of a cold." 
Suppose she had come a little later. His condition might worsen! 
Coughing could lead to inflammation in the lungs. It'll exacerbate his condition and significantly weaken his immune system. 
This wasn't good. 
His legs would have recovered completely fine if he had not taken these medications. He might be confined to a wheelchair for the rest of his life! 
Elisa did not voice her concerns. 
She was afraid it would upset Will. 
"You need to stop taking these medications immediately. I'll write up a treatment plan for you. You'll need to follow it strictly. Will, I don't trust anyone else to take care of you." 
Will was hurt because of her. Besides, they had known each other for such a long time. She would do the same even if she weren't at fault. She had come to think of him as a friend. 
Will's eyes glimmered. He gazed at the beautiful woman in front of him. "Look at you. Flirting with me, Elisa." He chuckled. 
Elisa, "…" 
Elisa blinked. She parted her lips to explain herself but didn't know what to say. 
Everything she needed to say had already been said. 
Will smiled bitterly, "I know what you're thinking. I was joking." 
Elisa clamped her lips shut. She looked conflicted. 
She didn't know what to say. 
Silence surrounded them. 
The sound of footsteps approaching snapped them out of their thoughts. It was the maid with their tea. 
Elisa watched the maid place the teapot on the coffee table in silence. 
Will smiled. "The tea has a wonderful fragrance. Care to try it?" 
Elisa silently poured herself a cup. 
Will didn't move. He wasn't supposed to drink tea in his condition. 
After a moment, Elisa turned to him and said, "Your mother…" 
Even though Elisa did not say anything else, Will understood her. "Don't worry about it. I'll talk to her." 
Elisa nodded and took a sip. 
The tea was fragrant. It was easy on the palate with no hint of bitterness. 
"It's good tea." Elisa complimented him. 
Will chuckled. "I'll send you home with some if you like it." 
"Thank you." 
Elis didn't refuse him. Their relationship was such that denying him too often would make things incredibly awkward. 
Just like Will had said earlier, she was trying to draw the line between them too deliberately. 
She felt the same. 
But after thinking about it, she decided they were both adults, and they knew where they stood with the other. There's no need to overexplain. 
She believed Will would give up after everything she had said to him. 
Will was about to speak when the front door burst open. 
A chill immediately descended into the living room. 
###chapter1701
Chapter 1701 Strong Medicine
Elisa's gaze froze. Unfortunately, when she came over… 
The woman shut the door after entering and looked at Elisa coldly. She had a displeased gaze and was unwelcome to Elisa. Not only did she have such an expression, but when she changed her shoes and walked in, she asked in a low voice, "Why are you here, Ms. Benett?" 
An intense dislike was in her voice. 
The woman didn't hide it at all. 
Will furrowed his brows slightly as he looked up at his mother. 
Elisa got up and said respectfully, "Hello, Mrs. Darcey." 
Marsha immediately scoffed coldly. "I'm in a bad mood after seeing you." 
"Mom." Will's voice deepened distinctly. He was particularly displeased at his mother's attitude. 
He didn't say anything else, but his intention was clear. 
Marsha looked at her son, displeased. "How can you treat me like this because of this outsider? Don't be blinded and tricked by this woman." 
Marsha didn't understand. There were so many good women in the world, so why did her son have to be involved with a divorced woman? 
Furthermore, the Wickam and Darcey families had always been in conflict. They were archenemies. Why was her son so shameless as to go after Gareth's leftovers? Wouldn't it sound bad if it spread? 
No… 
Word had already got out! 
They were already severely affected! 
She could only stop her son from doing such foolish things. 
There was still time as long as they hadn't gotten married! 
Will looked up coldly at his mother. "This is my business. You've never really cared for so many years. Why do you care now?" 
Marsha's expression froze. At the next moment, she looked at Will in disbelief. "Are… Are you blaming me?" 
Elisa's gaze froze slightly. If it continued, the mother and son might start arguing. She didn't wish such a thing to happen, so she immediately said, "Mrs. Darcey, I came to see how Will is recovering. If he's recovering well, I won't say anything. But it's clearly not the case." 
Marsha's expression darkened. Her rage was instantly directed at Elisa. "The doctor I found is basically the best in Moranta. Who are you to say he isn't recovering well?" 
Elisa said calmly, "I came to check on how he's doing, and I've understood his current symptoms. He's
been coughing. Do you think it's as simple as a common flu?" 
Marsha's gaze froze. She was slightly hesitant at that moment. 
She knew many doctors were helpless regarding her son's situation. It was Elisa who had treated him. It was worth taking into consideration what Elisa was now saying. 
But she feared that this was Elisa's trick to approach her son. If she came to look after him daily during this period, her son would be captivated and infatuated. What if he insisted on marrying Elisa?! 
Marsha furrowed her brows tightly and looked at Elisa coldly. "What's wrong with his cough?" 
Elisa wrinkled her brows tightly and had a solemn expression. "The prescribed medicine is too strong. He initially had a good physique, but his immunity lowered substantially because of his severe injury. The medicine is powerful and harsh on his body. How can Will's body take it?" 
Marsha's gaze froze slightly. She suddenly recalled what the doctor had said to her. If Will wanted to quickly recover, he might have to take strong medicine.
###chapter1702
Chapter 1702 Because of Elisa!
She looked coldly at Elisa and sneered. "If there's a problem, I'll look for other doctors to care for him. Anyone but you will do, Elisa. Don't you understand what I mean? I've made it clear to you previously." 
She was most afraid of Elisa approaching and destroying her son. So why was this woman so persistent?! 
Marsha would have said nastier things if Will hadn't been around. 
Elisa furrowed her brows and met Marsha's sharp gaze. "I've never thought of seducing Will or anything like that. We're friends. I know I'm not worthy of him, so I've never considered this." 
"You've never thought about it, but he has!" Marsha's voice suddenly raised. 
"Mom!" Will's expression darkened visibly. 
He was usually gentle, and this was the first time Elisa had seen him with a cloudy expression as though he were about to lose his temper. 
Her eyes flickered, but she didn't know what to say. 
Marsha wouldn't believe her if she discussed Will's current coughing symptoms. It might even affect Will's emotions, so it was pointless for her to explain. 
Marsha already had a fixed perception of her, so explaining was useless. 
"This is my business. I'll only choose Elisa for my further treatment. You've never needed to worry
about me. You can leave." 
Marsha's expression changed. "Will!" 
She never thought her son would act this way with her because of a divorced woman! 
Gareth looked at her indifferently. "Please leave." 
He didn't say anything else. He was utterly unwelcome to Marsha. 
His cold attitude spoke volumes. 
Marsha's expression turned nastier. She knew the situation would become worse if she forced Elisa to leave! 
She had been distant from her son all these years. She had left for many years because she had selfishly made a decision, so she left her son and husband behind. 
At the time, her son had been begging her not to leave, but she chose to do so. When she returned after her business was successful, she realized… her son was a lot more aloof to her. 
With how the Darcey family had been doing at the time, it hadn't been necessary for her to start a business. She could have just managed Darcey Group with Will's father. 
But at the time, she was young and impetuous. She didn't want to depend on a man and tried to make it on her own. But in the end… 
At that moment, Marsha felt highly regretful. She… shouldn't have left at the beginning. She shouldn't have! 
"If you still want us to have a relationship, leave. This is my last time saying it!" 
Marsha's heart shuddered violently. She looked at her son's cold attitude in disbelief. 
Everything started because of Elisa! 
She looked coldly at Elisa, but Elisa stood on the spot without uttering a word. 
Because Elisa didn't plan on saying anything now. 
Marsha nodded in a rage. She turned and walked to the door. Upon seeing Marsha put on her shoes, Elisa stepped forward. She clearly wanted to say something to Marsha. 
Will noticed and quickly pulled Elisa's hand. He looked at her and said nothing, but his gaze was evident. He indicated there was no need to chase after Marsha to say anything. 
Elisa smiled at him and said softly, "Trust me."
###chapter1703
Chapter 1703 Awfully Unfair
Will's brows wrinkled slightly, and he didn't say anything. His gaze showed that he disagreed, but Elisa had a confident smile on the corners of her lips, so he trusted her. 
Ultimately, Will let go of her wrist. 
Elisa saw that Marsha was done putting her shoes on, so she quickly walked over. She wore her shoes and left at once. She saw that Marsha was about to enter the car and immediately called, "Mrs. Darcey." 
Marsha's brows furrowed. She stood at the spot and didn't move. 
Since Will hadn't come out, she could speak to Elisa. 
She stood where she was and looked at Elisa coldly. 
Elisa said softly, "Why don't we go for a walk?" 
Marsha didn't say anything, but her silence meant consent. 
The two walked to the courtyard. 
This was a villa in the high mountains. Everything around it also belonged to the Darcey family. The two slowly walked around the edges of the estate. 
Marsha seemed to have suppressed her rage. She turned to look at the woman beside her and said in a low voice, "Tell me. What do you want to say to me?" 
Elisa glanced at Marsha before looking ahead. "Do you know what the consequences will be if Will's cough persists?" 
Marsha's heart shivered. For an instant, she had an intense bad premonition. 
She didn't say anything but glared straight at Elisa instead, waiting for Elisa to continue speaking. 
Elisa's lips twitched. "He will stay in a wheelchair for the rest of his life and won't be able to stand up." 
Marsha's expression changed completely. "Nonsense! Even if the doctor I found is not as good as you, he's one of the finest. How can his medicine turn my son half paralyzed?!" 
Elisa turned to look at Marsha, who had a sharp gaze. Elisa remained unmoved as she said, "Will's condition at the time was unique. I used many different methods to save him. Why didn't anyone else dare to touch his leg? It's because they had never thought of this step. Even if they did, they didn't dare to do it because he would have been disabled if they weren't careful. The doctor you found can only see his current situation. He doesn't know what Will was like when I previously treated Will. The doctor didn't take the time to find out, and he's treating Will as though Will is recovering and recuperating normally. Do you think he'll prescribe the right medicine?" 
Elisa had used many ways to save Will's legs when treating him. 
Marsha's expression turned nasty, but she was so dazed that she couldn't speak. 
Because she didn't understand. Elisa didn't go too much in detail because Marsha wasn't a medical professional, so it was pointless to say so much. 
Now, Marsha didn't quite dare to risk it after what Elisa had said. 
Elisa said calmly, "I know you love and care for your son very much, so I won't string him along. I won't get together with him. Isn't this what you're afraid of?" 
"That's not the only thing I'm afraid of! I'm more afraid that he likes you! Although my son is rumored to have been a womanizer for many years, I know he has never gotten along with any woman other than you!" 
Will was similar to his father in this aspect. If he really fell in love with someone, he would be loyal for the rest of his life! 
When Marsha had left for so many years, her husband supported her fully. He didn't look for anyone else and allowed her to make a name for herself. She didn't know how much feelings Will had for Elisa. If he loved Elisa deeply, it would be awfully unfair to him!
###chapter1704
Chapter 1704 Marsha's Disbelief
"Elisa." Marsha took a deep breath and restrained her feelings. When she looked at Elisa again, she had completely calmed down. She said serenely, "I don't know how much feelings my son has for you. I'm most afraid that he can't live without you. Do you know he won't fall for anyone else when he falls in love? He's very similar to his father in this aspect. Identical!" 
Elisa's gaze froze. She pursed her lips. At that moment, she didn't know what to say. 
"I beg you, stop stringing my son along!" Marsha suddenly used the word 'beg.' 
Elisa suddenly had a complicated expression. 
Will had approached her in the past to make use of her. She had accepted it at the time because she and Will were taking advantage of each other. 
But after that, Will suddenly thought of marrying her. Perhaps it was to provoke Gareth at the time, or maybe he wanted to keep her by his side because she was of use to him. 
She didn't know when it had started, but Will seemed more serious after that. 
Maybe he was already serious about her when she doubted if he had other motives. Or perhaps it was some other time… 
Marsha couldn't help but sigh. "My son is outstanding. To me, no one is worthy of him. He's naturally indifferent and has never valued love. I was slightly gratified back then because he was still young, so he didn't have to rush. But now, he's fallen for you." 
As Marsha spoke, she couldn't help but sigh. She was filled with uncontrollable despair. 
Elisa's gaze flickered, and she finally spoke. "After I treat Will back to health, I will choose to back away and leave him forever, but not now." 
Marsha's brows wrinkled tightly. She stared at Elisa. "Can't you direct from behind the scenes and let another doctor replace you?!" 
"No. I must look at all of Will's symptoms together. I need to personally feel his pulse." Elisa still persisted. She wouldn't back down since this was about Will. 
Will wouldn't be in such a state if it were not for her. 
"I must save his legs. I won't let him stay like this forever. Mrs. Darcey, no matter what, I must personally treat him! After that, I promise I won't interact with him too much." Every word Elisa said was earnest and sincere. 
Marsha had a complicated expression. 
Because she never imagined that her son would be in such a terrible situation. 
His legs were safe, but he was in such a state as he was recuperating… 
She took a slight breath and didn't say anything. 
Elisa looked at her and said softly, "Isn't everything else secondary compared to his health?" 
Marsha had a complex expression. 
She looked at Elisa. Why is Elisa so outstanding? Why is Elisa the only one who can manage Will's condition? She didn't know if she should believe Elisa now. 
Elisa seemed to read Marsha's thoughts. She said apathetically, "There's no need for me to deceive you. Will is indeed in a terrible situation. Furthermore, if I wanted to be with Will, I would have accepted his feelings when he only cared about profit and wanted to make use of me. Why would I have waited until now? What's the point?" 
###chapter1705
Chapter 1705 Let Her Go
"It's because you want him to fall in love with you!" 
Elisa laughed lightly. She looked at Marsha and said slightly sarcastically, "Love? Is love fundamental?" 
Marsha was exhausted and enraged. "If it's not important, would you do such a thing? Stop pretending, Elisa Benett!" 
Marsha pointed at Elisa's nose. Her gaze was hateful and frightful. 
Elisa laughed in rage. "Why should I pretend? Is it a crime to be divorced? Mrs. Darcey, you're also a woman. If you're in my current situation, how would you feel if I chided you like that? Would you feel good?" 
Elisa was contrasting the situation and hoped that Marsha could understand it. After all, Marsha was Will's mother. Elisa didn't want to contend with Marsha too much. 
However, her words didn't help Marsha accept or understand her. 
Marsha's black eyes and sharp gaze landed on Elisa. She wanted to hack Elisa to pieces! 
Marsha rebuked Elisa furiously. "My son wouldn't be in this state if it weren't for you, Elisa Benett! I said what I said. I won't change my mind. Dream on!" 
Marsha thought Elisa wanted to strengthen her relationship with Will. 
Especially now that her son particularly favored and trusted Elisa. 
Marsha had to stop them. She couldn't let their relationship develop further. 
Elisa was amused and annoyed when she heard what Marsha said. 
Marsha was being extremely stubborn. 
Elisa couldn't be bothered to start any argument. "Think whatever you like. I'm swamped. I'll be leaving." 
After that, Elisa turned to leave. 
But she had just taken two steps when Marsha grabbed her wrist. "You're messing with me, Elisa. You want to leave now?" 
Elisa immediately felt frustrated. 
But she heard Will's cold and deep voice in her ears. "Mom, can you not be like this and let her go?" 
They saw Will coming toward them in his wheelchair. 
Elisa's heart immediately sank when she saw Will in the wheelchair. She felt disheartened and upset. 
The Darcey and Wickam families were similar in strength. Will wasn't inferior to Gareth. Will used to be
high-spirited in the past, but he now had to be in a wheelchair. His pale expression was tinged by exhaustion. 
Everything had happened because of her… 
Marsha was immediately enraged when she saw Will still defending Elisa. "Will, are you still going to let this culprit go? Did you not hear…" 
"Let her go." 
Will roared furiously before Marsha could finish speaking. 
At that moment, Will had an icy and fierce expression. 
Elisa couldn't bear to watch the mother and son start arguing because of her. Still, she thought there would be more conflict if she obeyed Marsha's wishes and stayed. 
Before she left, she spoke nicely to express her sincerity. 
Elisa said, "Mrs. Darcey, I understand your feelings, but I can bring Will back from the brink of death. I was aiming for this when I saved his legs back then. You must believe me. I'm distraught that an accident happened, but I keep my word. I'll save his legs and keep him healthy." 
"I'll send you the prescription in a while. Prescribe the medicine according to it. I'll come and give you a massage every two days. I'll be leaving for today." 
After that, Elisa nodded at Marsha before leaving the Darcey Residence. 
When she left, Marsha made her stance clear. "Will Darcey, if you don't want me to continue treating Elisa like this, you better listen to me!" 
###chapter1706
Chapter 1706 Different from Others
Marsha mentioned Elisa for no reason other than the fact that she was enraged. Why was her son in such a situation because of the accident? Why wasn't Elisa hurt at all? 
And Will's protectiveness of Elisa. 
As well as what Elisa said. Marsha wanted to see how effective Elisa's prescribed medicine would be. 
Ultimately, Marsha hadn't reached her goal. It wasn't easy for the mother and son's relationship to improve, but Elisa had ruined it again! 
Will immediately sneered softly. "Mom, am I still an eight-year-old child to you? You're only saying this so I can go along with your arrangements and go for blind dates, right?" 
Marsha didn't think that Will had guessed her intentions. 
Just as she was about to admit it, Will interrupted her. She saw him smile sarcastically. "Who do you think will go on a blind date with me in my current state?" 
No one except Jocelyn. 
But Marsha didn't like Jocelyn. She didn't want Jocelyn to be her daughter-in-law at any cost. 
Marsha was enraged when she thought about it. "Isn't this all because of you? If you had listened to me back then and weren't so stubborn, would such a thing happen to you?" 
"What are you waiting for if you don't go on blind dates now? Besides, hasn't Elisa promised you that she will treat your leg?" 
Will's usual tone was more disdainful. "I thought you didn't trust her, but you're now saying this. Aren't you contradicting yourself?" 
Marsha was immediately dumbstruck but didn't want to admit her mistake. "I'm contradicting myself? Isn't it all because of you? In any case, do what you need to…" 
"Do what I need to? Whether or not you pick on Elisa, I'm not with her. As for you, if you anger her, do you think your son's legs can still be treated?" 
Will interrupted her with a sneer. After that, he rolled away in his wheelchair. 
For a moment, Marsha was silent as she looked at Will's leaving figure. 
Even if she angered Elisa, Elisa wasn't the only one in the world who had medical expertise! 
Therefore, she found a famous doctor in Moranta for Will. Still, in the end, Elisa said that the renowned doctor's prescribed medicine would affect his legs. Now, Marsha no longer dared to give Will the medication. 
However! 
If Elisa had the nerve not to treat Will's legs, she would send Elisa to prison! 
A sneer streaked across Marsha's lips when she thought about it. 
Shortly after Will left, he received a prescription from Elisa. She also made a note of things he should pay attention to. 
Will glanced at it indifferently before immediately calling Elisa. 
At that moment, Elisa was on the way back. 
When she saw his cell phone number flickering on her screen, she immediately answered it. "Can you understand my prescription?" 
She acknowledged that her prescribed medicine was different from others. 
Will denied it. "No. I called because of my mom. Elisa, don't take to heart what she said. She's just…" 
He was apologizing for Marsha's words and thoughts. Marsha utterly looked down on Elisa, and Elisa was well aware. 
Therefore, Elisa was only angry at that moment. Her rage subsided when she thought about what had caused everything. 
She told Will, "You didn't have to call and explain. I understand." 
###chapter1707
Chapter 1707 Do You Trust Other People?
It was why she still chose to come even after she had a row with Marsha at the hospital. 
Will had been injured because of her, so she had come because of him. No one else mattered. 
But this made Will's heart sink. He felt stifled, and he also had a tense expression. He could even imagine Elisa's calm face at that moment. 
She had such an expression because she didn't care. 
What he cared about was her indifference. 
He wanted to say something but didn't know how to say it since he had no status in her life. 
Elisa's gentle voice, intertwined with indifference, rang in his ears. "Don't worry, Will. I will treat your legs. Don't get into a conflict with your mom because of me." 
This made Will return to his senses. 
He was feeling particularly downcast. "Liz, I trust you. You don't have to promise my mom again and again. We're not arguing. I just think it's unfair to you. Liz, if my mom continues to be like this, you…" 
"What am I going to do? Do you think I'll stop treating your legs?" Before Will could finish speaking, Elisa interrupted and asked him a question. 
The question made Will particularly depressed. 
He used to have selfish thoughts about his legs and Elisa. 
But which man would be willing to spend his life in a wheelchair? Furthermore, Elisa had clearly said that she wouldn't be emotionally blackmailed. 
He still had no chance. 
When Will thought about it, he denied it. "It's not that. I don't want you to feel wronged. I'm serious. Elisa, can you give me a chance once my legs are healed?" 
He was still asking about romance. 
Elisa privately sighed. 
The current Will was similar to her when she was committed to love. 
She pursed her lips and slowly explained her stance. "Will, this is my last time saying this. I only treat you as a friend. Moreover, you're not my type. I've had experience with unrequited love. Even if we get together, being emotionally stirred is only temporary. It's not permanent. Furthermore, I'm divorced. A big family like yours will never accept a divorcee." 
She didn't feel divorced women had a death sentence and couldn't remarry. 
But now, she could only use such a way to make Will give up. 
Will didn't give up and persisted. "Liz, do you think these are problems? As long as you want to, anything…" 
Elisa wrinkled her brows and said coldly, "The problem is I don't want to. I'm tired. Will, right now, let's only discuss your condition, our partnership, and our friendship. If you continue talking to me about this, I can only ask someone else to treat…" 
Elisa interrupted Will. Before she could finish speaking, Will interrupted her and asked, "Will you trust other people to treat me?" 
At that moment, Gareth was calling Elisa. Even after trying periodically, he heard an automated voice. "Hello, the number you have dialed is currently engaged…" 
Gareth's heart constricted. 
Did Elisa block my number? 
I don't think so. 
He called using Thomas' phone but received the same response. 
Even if Elisa was taking out her anger on him because of Bella. Even if she thought he was trash, didn't want to have further contact with him, and blocked him, she wouldn't block Thomas as well. 
###chapter1708
Chapter 1708 I Need Your Help
Therefore, Elisa was on the phone with someone else. 
But who was she talking to for so long right now? 
Rachel had returned to the country with Vincent. Elisa's good friends were by her side. Even if Elisa deliberately wanted to approach Linda, she wouldn't have so much to say to Linda. 
As for work… It was unlikely. 
Gareth eliminated the possibilities one by one and finally landed on Will. 
He immediately had a cold expression and sharp gaze. 
Thomas saw how Gareth acted. He also saw his cell phone's call history and immediately advised Gareth. "Mr. Wickam, Ms. Benett is busy and can't answer your call, but we can go there!" 
Gareth didn't say a word. He only glared coldly at Thomas. 
Thomas was frightened. 
The next moment, Gareth turned to leave his office. 
Thomas wiped his sweat away and sighed as he looked at Gareth leaving. 
It was tough as an assistant these days! 
On Elisa's end. 
Although she fell silent at Will's questions, she quickly answered, "I don't trust others to treat you, but I trust whoever I find. If you're still persistent, I can only do such a thing. I don't like being involved with others." 
She was direct, firm, and indifferent. 
But this made Will feel upset. She didn't like being involved with others, then what about Gareth? Gareth was always mixed up with her. Was Gareth less involved with her than he was? 
Was there a difference between him and Gareth? Did she like one but not the other? 
Will wanted to ask to compare, but he restrained his impulse. 
Because he was afraid that he would be humiliated if he asked. 
She would treat a man she liked differently! 
Will could only back down. "I won't say anything else. Let's talk about our partnership. Can you show me your design draft these few days? Let's discuss it." 
"And what you said you wanted to introduce to me. Come with the proposal tomorrow." 
Will said the word 'tomorrow.' He wanted to see Elisa every day. 
Because he knew that in their current situation, his distance from Elisa would only increase if he didn't
persist, work hard, and think of other ways. 
He didn't want that! When he was on the brink of life and death, he realized he could give everything up but her. He couldn't abandon her! 
Elisa heard him say 'tomorrow' and couldn't help but frown. "Your injury isn't healed. Will, are you rushing things?" 
Will feared she thought he did it deliberately, so he explained. "I can't be negligent at work. We decided early on to work together on the product. The Western Suburbs project is one that ZF Corporation values. If we don't pay it special attention… You know how ZF Corporation works. They can retract the project anytime if you don't value it." 
What Will said was true. After all, their partner was none other than ZF Corporation. However, they couldn't act too overeager with ZF Corporation either. Otherwise, it would be troublesome. 
"Liz, I want to help you. Some Darceys have seen me in a wheelchair and can't sit still. I need your help now." 
Only that way could he be involved with Elisa. Even if he could easily deal with those people, he had to feign weakness before Elisa. 
Gareth had emotionally blackmailed her again and again. Will wasn't doing anything wrong! 
###chapter1709
Chapter 1709 Bedrest
Since Will had asked, Elisa wasn't an ungrateful person. 
She nodded and promised him. "I'll do my best, Will. Don't worry. I'll try my best to help you." 
It was true that Will had to rely on a wheelchair. After Elisa had taken control of her company, she naturally understood how specific people would get restless. 
Since the trouble had started with her, she had to try her best to save a desperate crisis. 
Will took the opportunity to ask, "What time are you coming tomorrow? I'll ask my assistant to prepare." 
Elisa thought about it. "In the afternoon." 
She had to manage her own company in the morning. 
Will was pleased after getting an answer. "Alright. I'll wait for you to come over in the afternoon tomorrow." 
"Alright." 
Elisa nodded and hung up. 
She never imagined seeing Gareth on her couch when she returned to her office. It took her by surprise. 
Gareth had a straight face. 
While she was taken aback, Gareth stood up and walked towards her. 
His black eyes and burning gaze fell straight on her. He didn't say a word. 
If they weren't in broad daylight, Elisa would have thought she was dreaming if he hadn't taken a few steps toward her. 
She pursed her lips. "Why are you here?" 
Gareth ignored her question. His brows were raised and furrowed. "Your number was engaged. Were you on the phone with Will?" 
Although it was a question, it sounded like a statement. 
At that moment, Elisa couldn't tell how she was feeling. She thought it was infuriating and amusing but also slightly sad. 
How many times had he called her while she was on the phone with Will for a few minutes that he was notified she was engaged on another call? 
However, she didn't deny it. She nodded her head. "That's right. I was on the phone with Will. I also went over to look for him. Not only am I going to work with him from now on, I'll also be going to treat him. I'll be spending a lot of time with him. Gareth, I've made things clear to you. Why are you still here?" 
He was sitting so calmly on her couch in the office. Why did the people downstairs let Gareth in? 
When Gareth heard Will's name and thought about Will, he felt a burning sensation in his chest. 
He had the urge to rush to Will and destroy him. 
But at that moment, Elisa's attitude was more upsetting to him. 
It was so indifferent and disdainful. 
Compared to Vincent and Rachel, at least they… 
"Gareth, stop it. You won't make me pity you like this." 
A cold voice rang in his ears. Elisa's words instantly interrupted his thoughts. 
It was as though Gareth had suffered a deadly blow. At that moment, he felt sluggish. His head felt heavy, and his legs felt weak. It was as though he had lost his balance. 
Just as Gareth tried to regain his balance, he fell to the floor. 
Elisa's expression utterly changed! 
Before he lost consciousness, he heard Elisa calling his name urgently by his ear… 
"Gareth!" 
No matter how much she shouted, he didn't react. She felt his pulse and realized he had been too
emotional. The drug in his body had yet to be expelled, and his gunshot wound had yet to heal completely, which made him extremely weak. He couldn't be agitated at all. 
Furthermore, he had to be put on bedrest now! 
###chapter1710
Chapter 1710 He Isn't Dead, Is He?
Elisa furrowed her brows tightly. 
Gareth was in a terrible state. 
He was previously drugged and shot. He had excellent drug resistance and outstanding endurance. 
Now that he was in such a state, perhaps it had something to do with his mind. Or maybe he hadn't been adequately nursed. 
Elisa thought about it and gave him a white pill that she had developed. After that, she called security to help carry Gareth to her car. She drove him to the hospital. 
At the emergency department. 
Jeremy was just done with making his rounds and treating patients. Just as he left his office, he saw Gareth being carried in. 
He also saw Elisa by Gareth's side. Jeremy frowned uncontrollably, and his expression was grave and solemn. "What happened to him?" 
"He's weak from being poisoned previously. Since you're still around, you can treat him." Elisa summarized Gareth's condition briefly. 
After hearing what Elisa said, Jeremy arranged for various tests and an IV for Gareth. 
After that, Jeremy went to Elisa and asked, "Why was he poisoned? Did it happen when you went to
Moranta?" 
Elisa nodded. "Nicole drugged him. Wasn't there previously news about Nicole seducing Gareth with a skin mask of my face? The remnants of the drug in his system are very stubborn. From the looks of it, he has to be treated by blood exchange transfusion if all else fails." 
Although Gareth was an adult, his body wasn't in good shape for a blood exchange transfusion to occur. 
Jeremy understood such a solution. "Let's talk about it when the test results are out." 
While Elisa was keeping watch over Gareth, she thought of something. If she went to look for Nicole to work things out, perhaps she could find out about the source of the drug. 
However, Nicole would have many requests in her current situation. 
Elisa received a call from a nurse in the emergency department. When Elisa first arrived at the hospital with Gareth, she had written her name in the family column of the hospitalization form. The nurse saw it and went to look for Elisa. 
"Is Elisa Benett here? Are you Elisa Benett?" 
A woman's voice rang beside her. After that, Elisa saw a nurse before her. 
Elisa thought the nurse wanted to talk about Gareth, but she never expected it to be about Norman. The nurse started to guilt trip her. "Elisa Benett, didn't I call to inform you that Norman is on the brink of death in the hospital room next door? You have a close relationship, so why are you keeping watch
over a man here instead? Don't tell me you don't care about your family?" 
The voice was familiar… 
Family? Heh! 
Elisa instantly retorted, "I can keep watch over whoever I want to. As for you, if you understand my relationship with Norman so well, don't you know what happened between us?" 
Did Norman bribe this nurse? 
The nurse was momentarily dumbstruck after Elisa retorted. 
But the nurse quickly answered, "I don't know about your relationship with Norman, but you're his emergency contact. He's still unconscious, but someone must pay his medical bill." 
"That's the medical expenses that Norman owes your hospital. If you want money, ask Norman for it. He isn't dead, is he?" 
Elisa spoke as coldly and ruthlessly as she liked. 
The nurse didn't want to argue with Elisa when Elisa was like that, so she said, "In any case, you're the emergency contact on his cell phone. If you don't pay his bill, the hospital can only report it to the police."
###chapter1711
Chapter 1711 Used A Specific Medicine
The nurse indicated to Elisa that if she didn't care, she would have to be responsible if the police came since she was Norman's emergency contact. Furthermore, they shared the same last name. 
Elisa wasn't fooled. 
Just as she was about to say something, Jeremy, who was at the side, suddenly spoke up. "What is the meaning of our hospital's existence? It's to help the dying and heal the injured. You contacted the patient's relative with his cell phone. If they have no relationship, is the hospital an organization where we ask for money forcefully?" 
When the nurse came in, she had overlooked Jeremy at the side. 
Jeremy initially didn't understand what their conversation was about. He only suddenly understood after listening for a while. News about Norman had trended previously. 
With Elisa's personality, who could force her to do anything she didn't want to? 
As for the nurse, she stuttered slightly when she saw Jeremy. "Dr… Dr. Chase." 
Jeremy waved his hand. "Go on with your work. He'll foot his own bill when he wakes up." 
"But he isn't in great condition… Dr. Chase, the hospital helps the dying and heals the injured, but there are so many sick people in the world. We aren't a welfare agency. We can't waive all their fees, right?" 
What the nurse said made sense. 
Norman was Elisa's uncle, but she didn't care about him. If Jeremy waived Norman's medical fees, wouldn't that humiliate Elisa? 
Furthermore, Elisa had Gareth by her side. 
Elisa raised her brows and smiled. "Which room is he in? Take me there." 
She wanted to see how bad of a condition Norman was in! 
"Follow me." 
The nurse quickly led Elisa to Norman's hospital room. 
At the door, Elisa saw Norman lying on the bed at one glance, wearing a heavy and thick oxygen mask connected to the ventilator, but he had good vital signs. 
Was the nurse trying to trick her because the nurse thought she didn't understand? Or did the nurse think none of her superiors would check? 
"Were you bribed by Norman? How can you do such a foolish thing? From now on, your job is in danger," Elisa said coldly to the nurse. After that, she approached Norman. "Why are you still pretending? What motive do you have?" 
Although he wasn't ill, he came to the hospital and pretended he was, which caused such a situation. Was it so Elisa would be berated by someone who didn't know the truth? 
The nurse felt wronged. "His vital signs were bad when he first came by ambulance. His signs steadied after we saved him. Don't spout nonsense here if you don't know anything!" 
Elisa disagreed. As Norman's daughter, why wouldn't Linda contact her biological father if he was dying? Even Elisa could tell that Linda was disguising herself as Melinda. 
Elisa saw that Norman was unconcerned about what she had said, so she went forward and grabbed his wrist. Her fingertips felt for his pulse. 
She realized that Norman currently had a feeble pulse. 
"Why was he sent to the hospital?" 
Elisa turned to look at the nurse at the side. 
The nurse was truthful. "He suffered a heart attack and cerebral infarction." 
Elisa didn't say anything else. Her gaze silently fell on Norman. 
If he were in such a condition, the other equipment wouldn't show that his vital signs were normal. This only proved that… Norman had possibly used a specific medicine to feign his heart attack and cerebral infarction. 
###chapter1712
Chapter 1712 Pretending
When Elisa realized it, she turned and said to the nurse, "I understand. Go on with your work." 
The nurse knew Elisa would deal with Norman, so she didn't say anything else and left. 
After the nurse left, Elisa pulled a chair and sat before Norman. 
"I don't understand why you set me as your emergency contact. Is it to warn me when I received the call? How amusing. Other people aren't aware of our relationship, but you're aware, right? I don't care about you, but I won't let you die. I will test out medicine on you in your current state." 
Elisa looked at Norman and scoffed softly. 
She deliberately said it to Norman. If everything was as she guessed, Norman could hear her. 
Moreover, Linda had come with Elisa to the hospital not long ago. Linda had even disappeared from Elisa's sight for a moment. 
Norman didn't react after hearing what Elisa said. 
So Elisa went closer with a needle. 
Her actions were swift. She aimed it accurately at Norman's fingers. 
His fingers were clasped together. 
Even if Norman could put on an act, his fingers subconsciously curled when faced with such painful
stimulation. He wanted to pull his hand away. 
Upon seeing him like that, Elisa put the silver needle close to Norman's face. 
Norman sensed Elisa's hand before his nose. The scene of Elisa holding a needle with a cold smile in the corners of her mouth appeared in his mind. 
He immediately felt a chill on his back when he thought of it. 
He only had one thought. No way. I can't let Elisa do this! 
He opened his eyes. 
"Elisa?" 
Norman feigned being bewildered. 
Elisa knew he was pretending but didn't expose him. She smiled lightly. "You're awake, Uncle Norman. I would have committed a crime on you if you didn't wake up." 
The way she called him 'Uncle Norman' and the smile in the corners of Elisa's mouth was incredibly sarcastic. 
Norman clearly knew Elisa's actions were deliberate. 
"Wake up? What happened? Where… am I?" Norman looked around. He still seemed at a loss. 
Elisa immediately answered, "The nurse said you had a heart attack and cerebral infarction. You're at the hospital. Why? Don't you remember what happened before you lost consciousness?" 
"So why are you here?" Norman had his guard up against Elisa. 
Elisa felt that she had to commend Norman for his changing emotions. With his acting skills, it was a shame he wasn't an actor in the entertainment industry. 
However, why didn't his daughter, Linda, learn anything from him? 
Elisa quickly saw through Linda because her desire for revenge was clear. Linda was dull and weak! 
Elisa smiled. "I didn't want to be here, but you set me as your emergency contact. After you were sent to the hospital, the nurse contacted me. Those who don't know about our conflicts call me heartless." 
Norman didn't say anything. After a momentary silence, he slowly said in a hoarse and deep voice, "No matter what it is, you're here, Liz. You can't destroy our blood relationship. I think we should forget the past and make Benett Corporation flourish!" 
Pfft! Such thoughts were glorious! 
###chapter1713
Chapter 1713 Kneeling
Elisa sneered and asked, "Will you die if I ask you to die now?" 
Norman suddenly froze, and his expression was incomparably nasty. "I…" 
But he quickly changed the topic and started to coax Elisa. "We're each other's only blood descendant left. Isn't it good for us to help each other?" 
"We're family. Everyone else who promises to help you is unreliable." 
Elisa couldn't listen further and immediately snapped, "If you were reliable, why would such a situation happen between us?" 
Although Rose had taken the blame for Norman, Elisa believed that Rose, who knew the truth, wouldn't continue to selflessly sacrifice for him. 
And Elisa. She couldn't forget about everything Norman had done! 
Norman sighed. "Can't we let bygones be bygones? Why must we dwell on the past? We should pay more attention to the present and future." 
It was essential to develop and strengthen Benett Corporation. 
Norman knew Elisa wasn't easy to persuade, so he could only use Benett Corporation's progress to move her. 
Elisa naturally understood his intention, and she was more amused. She immediately asked, "Since
you know I can't be convinced easily, why are you wasting your effort? Or do you think I'll lose my mind and agree?" 
"You should put an end to such thoughts before it's too late. Otherwise… don't complain that I've left you with no dignity!" 
Elisa was apathetic, but her voice was stern as she chided him in the end. 
She was deliberately infuriating Norman. 
Norman had been too quiet lately. She might as well force him to show his hand so she could deal with him as soon as possible! 
That way, Linda wouldn't stay calm once he was dealt with. 
Elisa had to deal with these people individually so no one would continue to bother her. 
Norman immediately felt defeated. Elisa was merely a younger woman to him. 
Norman wouldn't usually allow Elisa to criticize him with such a status. Still, he was so crushed he couldn't say anything. 
He could only play the emotional card. "I only have an ordinary position in Benett Corporation, and Linda has passed away. Your Aunt Rose is still in prison. You're my only niece… Liz, it's only natural to fear death. I know that what happened in the past has hurt you, but you can't sever our relationship. Can't you just take it easy on me because of my severe illness?" 
Norman spoke slowly and deliberately coughed. 
The next moment, he tore off his covers and slowly got out of bed. 
Norman observed Elisa's expression while doing it, but she seemed very apathetic. 
He got into a kneeling posture and thought Elisa would reach out to stop him. However, to his surprise, Elisa still remained indifferent and unmoving. 
He had no other way. Since he was in such a posture, he could only kneel. 
Elisa didn't move. She watched him kneel unfeelingly. 
Upon seeing it, Norman could only put on a boldface and apologize. "I'm really sorry, Liz. Can't you forgive me since I'm your uncle?" 
Norman spoke while he was choked with emotion. The rims of his eyes had reddened. 
###chapter1714
Chapter 1714 She Can Imagine
Forgive? 
Elisa wanted to retort, "My dad can't come back to life after dying, but you're discussing forgiveness with me?" 
However, she restrained her emotions. 
She sneered. "I didn't chase you out of Benett Corporation because you're my uncle. I saved you a position, but you're discussing such things with me now?" 
"Do you want to leave Benett Corporation?" Elisa asked sharply as she narrowed her eyes. 
The next moment, she stepped away from Norman. 
Norman couldn't say anything else when he saw Elisa indifferent and stubborn. However, did he give up on his meticulous plan? 
No. 
Otherwise, his kneeling would have been for nothing. 
Norman continued to play the emotional card. "Liz, of course, I want to stay in Benett Corporation. Otherwise, why would I stay in this position? Liz, you and I are the closest in the Benett family now. I… Since you're here, you clearly still value me as your uncle. After I die, I would be very thankful if you could make arrangements for me…" 
Before he could finish speaking, Elisa quickly interrupted him. "Don't be thankful. I'm just here to see if you're still alive. I don't intend to care for you or make arrangements for you after you die." 
Elisa seemed very ruthless when she said it. 
Norman immediately froze. 
Before Elisa left, she told Norman, "Remove me as your emergency contact. Don't simply contact me in the future. I'm very busy with two projects." 
She deliberately said it. 
Firstly, it was to inform him that she was busy. Secondly, it was to tell him that she had projects on hand. She was inciting Norman to make a move against her. 
As expected, she saw Norman's expression instantly turn solemn when she spoke. 
Norman backed away discreetly. "Liz, since you don't like it, I'll remove you as my emergency contact." 
As he spoke, he took out his cell phone before Elisa and deleted her as his emergency contact. 
"Liz, I have no one to take care of me in my later years. I… I'm really sorry. I don't ask that you take care of me into my old age, but I beg you. Please don't watch me die unfeelingly. Or perhaps you can give me another position to earn a higher salary. This way, I'll have the money to look for a house…" 
Before he could say the word 'housekeeper,' Elisa interrupted him coldly. "When Linda died, public opinion was aroused and targeted at me. You're her father, and there's no way you didn't see anything.
Which also means that I'm indirectly the person who killed your daughter. Do you want to maintain a good relationship with me? Also, if you want another position and a higher salary, you can work hard and make your own way." 
"But you're the chairman of Benett Corporation," Norman said. With her position, she had power in her hands. 
Upon hearing what he said, Elisa suddenly sneered. "What does me being the chairman of Benett Corporation have anything to do with your position? Furthermore, with your condition, are you sure you're stable? I have no relationship with you right now. Stop trying to bring our blood relation into this!" 
After that, Elisa turned and left. 
Even though she didn't turn round, she could imagine Norman's fury. 
###chapter1715
Chapter 1715 Will He Listen To Me?
Everything was as Elisa imagined. 
At that moment, Norman had a cold and dark expression. 
The two projects Elisa had on hand were related to Benett Corporation's reputation, future development, and Elisa's position. 
Therefore, Elisa couldn't succeed in those two projects. 
Since she hadn't taken the bait and his plan hadn't unfolded as expected, he had to start a new plan. 
In short, no matter his plans, Elisa had to die! 
After leaving Norman's hospital room, Elisa went to Gareth. He was still unconscious. 
Gareth was lying on the hospital bed. The nurse had connected him to an IV, and he was still on a ventilator. Most importantly, Jeremy was still by his side. 
Jeremy turned when he heard footsteps. His gaze met with Elisa's. 
Elisa pursed her lips and said, "You must tell him about his illness when he's awake. He must be hospitalized so his condition can be treated." 
Jeremy immediately understood her intentions. She was about to leave. 
As one of Gareth's best friends, how could he be clueless about Gareth and Elisa's recent
developments? 
Therefore, he said, "The results of Gareth's blood sample aren't out yet. You only mentioned being poisoned, but I don't know the specific composition of the drug. There are also many other test results I'm waiting for. Elisa, you know what I mean. His situation can't be delayed." 
Jeremy wanted to use conventional and uncommon methods together to treat Gareth. 
Elisa understood his intentions but was reluctant when she thought of how Gareth had recently been annoying and hard to get along with. 
But before she said anything, Jeremy nodded at her and indicated at Gareth, who lay on the bed. 
Gareth had a pale complexion and seemed highly frail. 
At this time, the scene of Gareth quickly pushing her away and protecting her urgently appeared in her mind. 
Gareth wasn't poisoned because of her, but he was hurt because of her. Otherwise, his body would have been able to take it. He wouldn't have fainted repeatedly! 
When Elisa thought about it, she sighed deeply. "He was drugged with a specific medicine from the black market. Someone needs to be with him if it flares up, but I controlled it then. However, there are still remnants of the drug in his body. As for his condition, he's always had a weak gut. Moreover, he took a bullet for me. Therefore…"
Although Elisa didn't complete her sentence, Jeremy understood what she meant. 
Jeremy understood Gareth's character. If Gareth didn't have feelings for Elisa, he wouldn't have helped Elisa so much or even taken a bullet for her! 
He said, "He even took a bullet for you. In any case, you were husband and wife, and you understand his illness. It's easier if you're here than for me to call you later, right?" 
He was right. 
Nothing was more convenient than being on the spot. 
Ultimately, Elisa wasn't merciless but said, "I can stay, but you must explain it to him when he wakes up. You must make him stay in the hospital." 
"If he doesn't listen to you, do you think he'll listen to me?" 
Jeremy asked in response, and Elisa immediately fell silent. 
But she quickly said, "Anyway, that's what you must say. I'll exaggerate slightly. Don't tell me he doesn't care for his own body?" 
###chapter1716
Chapter 1716 How Can You Not Help
Jeremy nodded. "Let's wait for him to wake up." 
Of course, he had kept Elisa back per Gareth's wishes, increasing the opportunities for the two to spend time alone. 
Elisa didn't say anything. She waited for the various test results together with Jeremy. 
… 
At Wickam Group. 
Monica walked into the president's office and only saw Thomas but didn't ask any questions. Thomas had noticed her and instantly greeted her. 
"Mrs. Wickam." 
Monica nodded. She was pleased with Thomas. 
But she looked around and didn't see Gareth, so she asked, "Where's Gareth?" 
She had wanted to look for Gareth before he and Elisa attended the wedding in Foris City. Unfortunately, Julia had rushed the two, so Monica couldn't catch Gareth. 
Now, she came as soon as Gareth returned from Foris City. 
But she still couldn't meet him. 
She had high hopes when she asked Thomas. 
But Thomas said, "Mrs. Wickam, Mr. Wickam went to look for Ms. Benett to discuss work matters. If you're looking for him, you can call him. If you need to talk to him in person, I'm afraid it must wait until tomorrow." 
Gareth wasn't looking for any ordinary person. It was Elisa, whom he longed for dearly. Now that there was an opportunity, Gareth would find a way to stay by Elisa's side. 
He wouldn't return tonight if Elisa didn't regard him with disdain! 
Monica was immediately slightly surprised when she heard he was returning tomorrow. "Have they made up?" 
But she quickly dismissed the idea. 
Julia wouldn't be so worried and miserable if Gareth and Elisa had made up. 
Thomas shook his head and waved his hands. "Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett have yet to reconcile, Mrs. Wickam. If they have, they would inform you." 
He was hoping for the two to reconcile so they wouldn't argue, and the people around them would stop making trouble! 
The next moment, Monica directed her question to Thomas. "You've been by his side for so long. Based on your observation, what stage are they at?" 
She didn't want to stop anything between Gareth and Elisa now. Like the two old people back home had expressed, Gareth was now sure of his feelings for Elisa. 
If the two picked up the pieces and wanted to start anew, who was she to separate them? 
Furthermore, what had happened in the past was a misunderstanding. After knowing Gareth and Elisa through and through, they were most suitable for each other. 
Thomas immediately felt like he was put in a difficult spot. "Mrs. Wickam, how… How should I answer this? Mr. Wickam is working hard, but Ms. Benett is unshakable. I think the key lies in Mr. Wickam's sincerity." 
Monica didn't say anything. 
If Elisa was so unmoving, wouldn't her son be exhausted? 
On Gareth's end, it was already nine at night when he woke up. 
Jeremy deliberately instructed the nurses to add a sedative to Gareth's IV. On the one hand, it was so Gareth could rest properly. On the other hand, it was to make Elisa stay. 
Elisa really stayed. 
Gareth saw Elisa when he woke up. When Jeremy raised his brows at Gareth, Gareth suddenly understood everything. 
Elisa looked at Gareth and said, "You're finally awake." 
Gareth's gaze flickered, and he coughed. "Why are you here? Has my condition worsened?" 
"You really have the cheek to mention it. If you weren't stubborn and had enough rest, would you be in such a state?"
###chapter1717
Chapter 1717 Someone Isn't Following Doctor's Orders
Gareth smiled. "I know my body. It's not so serious!" 
"Who's the doctor in this situation?" Jeremy glanced at him from the side, displeased. Jeremy also signaled Gareth with another glance, indicating that since Elisa was here, he should take the opportunity and make the most of his time. 
Elisa overlooked the little actions between them. She picked up her bag and got up. 
"It's late. I'm leaving. Thank you for this. I'll repay it in the future." 
She was extremely calm and collected, but her face was icy and cold without any other expression! 
Jeremy furrowed his brows. Just as he was about to call her heartless, Gareth reached out his hands as if wanting her to stay. 
He never imagined that his rushed actions would tug at his wound. It hurt, and he wrinkled his brows as he coughed endlessly! 
Elisa's footsteps stopped at once. She turned and looked at him worriedly. 
"Are you alright?" 
At the end of the day, he was injured because of her. She couldn't be completely ungrateful. 
Jeremy glanced at her meaningfully, reminding her about what they had previously discussed. 
Elisa had forgotten completely. She cleared her throat and sat down again. "I heard someone hasn't obeyed the doctor's orders!" 
Gareth looked at Jeremy meaningfully with a smile on the corners of his mouth. He said indifferently, "It's not as serious as someone makes it out to be. In any case, there's no use staying in the hospital without the antidote. It's better to go out and do what I like rather than staying restrained in the hospital." 
"You have such a stubborn personality. I think you're both the same. You're a match made in heaven!" Jeremy couldn't help but say. 
This made the two slightly uncomfortable, and they looked away. 
At this time, there was a knock at the door. 
A nurse walked in and seemed to have something to say to Jeremy. 
Jeremy told Gareth to rest well before following the nurse out. Their footsteps vanished. 
The hospital room instantly quietened. The night outside was dark, and the incandescent light above them lit up the room. 
It was too awkward if the silence continued, so Elisa initiated a joke. "Are you punishing yourself by disobeying the treatment?" 
"No." Gareth hadn't fully recovered. He coughed uncontrollably when he had only said one word and appeared extremely weak. 
It was only natural. Will had been poisoned and injured. How could he have been fine?! 
Elisa's heart gradually softened. She cleared her throat. "Stay in the hospital longer and rest before you do anything else!" 
Gareth laughed. The smile in his eyes was like ripples in the deep ocean. When Elisa saw it, it was as though she couldn't help but be swept up in it. 
"Are you concerned about me?" 
"It's out of courtesy." Elisa's tone was icy. She forced herself to stay calm. "Under normal circumstances, I wouldn't care if someone died before me. However, you were injured because of me this time. It's uncomfortable for me to owe you a life, so you must continue living on!" 
"Alright, Ms. Benett!" Gareth gritted his teeth and spoke every word sincerely. "Don't worry. I won't become a burden to you. I'll live well." 
"I'm relieved hearing you say that. It's late, and I can't stay any longer. Please rest. I'm going to leave!" Elisa got up and took her leave.
###chapter1718
Chapter 1718 Going Back on Your Word
Jeremy called out to her when she had just left. 
"You're leaving?" 
"In any case, he's awake and isn't in any danger for now. Moreover, he should be willing to be hospitalized this time! I can stay a little longer if you want to discuss his condition." Elisa turned and said in a low voice. 
Jeremy furrowed his brows. He couldn't help but go forward and say, "What do you mean should be? You should understand his personality." 
"How would I understand it? Even at the end of our marriage, I couldn't guess what he was thinking about." Elisa laughed coldly. 
Jeremy looked at her meaningfully. 
She had just said she would stay but changed his mind after he woke up. From the looks of it, the two couldn't get along well… 
He didn't push it. 
"Alright. We have to look into Gareth's treatment plan properly. We can discuss it now if you're free. The faster we formulate a plan, the quicker we can carry it out!" 
Elisa agreed with the suggestion. 
As the two were discussing, a noise came from the outside. 
Jeremy opened the door to look and realized Gareth had come out. He seemed weak as he supported himself against the wall. He couldn't straighten up. 
"What are you doing instead of resting?" Jeremy immediately went to Gareth quickly and supported him. 
Gareth coughed and answered with a smile. "I'm fine. After all, I have a nurse's aide. What's the difference if I stay in the hospital?" 
"Oh, you mean to say you're going back on your word. You promised Ms. Benett you would stay in the hospital, but you're now escaping?" Jeremy deliberately increased his voice so Elisa, who was still in his office, could hear it. 
"I think I've recovered. I don't have to stay!" Gareth was confident. 
"Heh. You're saying you know your body's condition, but do you know that you'd be dead without this equipment? Alright, leave. If you dare leave, you'll be dead in three years!" Jeremy said furiously. 
The situation was, of course, not as severe, but he did as Elisa had said and exaggerated it. 
Everyone feared death. 
"Don't scare me. I understand my body. I won't die!" Gareth laughed lightly. 
Jeremy couldn't convince him, so he could only increase his voice. 
"Hey, someone is leaving the hospital if you're not coming out!" 
Elisa knew he was talking about her, so she came out of the office, exasperated. 
She looked at Gareth meaningfully. Disappointment flickered across her eyes. 
"Why are you still here?" Gareth was slightly astonished! 
"If you die, won't other people curse and swear at me? If you stay here, we'll devise a treatment plan quickly!" Elisa furrowed her brows and said in a low voice. 
"What's wrong? You ignore me, but will you also ignore her?" Jeremy deliberately asked as he raised his brows. 
Gareth coughed unnaturally. 
"But the company…" 
"You're almost dying. Is there any use in making more money? Moreover…" Jeremy quickly walked forward and glanced at him meaningfully. He lowered his voice and mumbled, "This is a great opportunity. Don't blame me for not coming up with an excuse!" 
Gareth was utterly convinced by that. 
He nodded and seemed to be put in a difficult spot. "Alright. I can stay in the hospital, but if anything happens, I must leave at any time!" 
Gareth finally compromised, so Jeremy immediately answered, "Alright!" 
###chapter1719
Chapter 1719 A Pretty Woman
After Gareth entered the hospital room, Jeremy stopped Elisa outside. 
"Look at what happened. He wanted to leave after you left. I couldn't even convince him. You're much more persuasive than I am. Why don't you stay here?" 
Hesitation flickered across Elisa's eyes. 
"Do you have something to do?" The man sized her up. 
After a moment's hesitation, she answered forcefully. 
"Alright." 
Jeremy sighed and smiled privately. 
This was an excellent opportunity for Gareth. 
After Elisa had convinced Gareth to stay, she discussed plans with Jeremy for a while before returning to the hospital room. 
A nurse's aide was bustling about inside. She had been arranged by Jeremy for Gareth. 
The nurse's aide was quite pretty with delicate features. She also worked nimbly. After cleaning the room, she straightened up and smiled, "The doctor said to constantly observe your temperature and blood pressure. I'll measure it for you!" 
Gareth didn't say a word. He reached out his hand cooperatively! 
The nurse's aide immediately took out an instrument to measure blood pressure and took the opportunity to secretly size him up. He was handsome, had an impressive appearance, and stayed in the VIP hospital room. He must be rich. 
She had nursed many wealthy people, most of whom were over forty. They were balding and spoke lustfully as they joked around with her. She could see through them, so she naturally didn't care. 
But the man before her had a focused gaze and didn't seem to have any stray thoughts. He must be a gentleman. 
She had to grab hold of this opportunity. 
Just as she was taking his temperature, the nurse's aide slipped and fell into his arms conveniently. 
"Oh, my god. I'm sorry. I stood the whole day, so my legs are slightly numb!" 
Gareth furrowed his brows slightly. She had almost fallen on his wounds! 
The nurse's aide immediately got up and had a somewhat shy smile. She bowed and said bashfully, "Are… are you alright?" 
Gareth had a dark expression and a cold demeanor. It was as though he wanted to devour the nurse's aide alive. 
The nurse's aide shuddered violently in fright. Before Gareth could rebuke her, he saw Elisa standing
silently by the door. 
He didn't know when she had come in. She was leaning against the door with a faint smile! 
Elisa noticed his gaze and came in on her own accord. She walked in and deliberately said teasingly, "Did I come at the wrong time?" 
There was a pretty woman on his hospital bed. It looked like he was completely recovered! I shouldn't have worried! 
Should I not have stopped him from leaving? 
Gareth sat up straight and coughed. "You… It's so late…" 
Before he could finish speaking, Elisa answered, "Do you want me to leave? I won't leave before you recover." 
Gareth was slightly relieved when he heard what he said. A faint smile appeared on his face. 
The nurse's aide pursed her lips. She seemed slightly unhappy at Elisa's presence. She slowly kept the equipment after measuring his blood pressure. 
"Everything is normal." 
After packing up, she quickly left. 
She raised her brows and pondered deeply as she stood outside the door. She didn't have many
opportunities to take care of such a person. She had to take advantage of it! 
If she got together with a rich man, she could spend extravagantly. She wouldn't have to worry about anything for the rest of her life. 
She thought she had it in the bag, so she left happily. 
In the hospital room, Elisa lay down on an extra hospital bed. 
###chapter1720
Chapter 1720 Wouldn't Her Eyes Hurt?
Perhaps it was because he had been given a sedative, or Elisa was by his side. Gareth seemed a lot more relieved, and he quickly fell asleep. 
When Elisa heard the regular breathing beside her, she sat up and glanced at him meaningfully before shaking her head. 
She really didn’t understand Gareth! 
In the past, he had treated her utterly nastily. At present, he was willing to sacrifice himself to save her! As she was in the same room as him, what had happened that day played in her mind like scenes from a movie. It perplexed her and made her feel ill at ease. 
She awoke early the next day. 
It was because she wanted to call her assistant. 
Norman was humiliated yesterday. He had kneeled and flattered her, but she had remained unmoved. He would definitely make a move on his end. 
“Oversee the company’s projects carefully. Don’t make any mistakes!” 
“Alright,” her assistant answered. 
“I’m occupied and may be unable to go to the company these few days. No matter what happens, call me at once. Keep a close eye on Norman’s people.” Elisa instructed, worried. 
At best, Norman was a great man who knew when to yield. At worst, he would do anything it took to reach his goals. 
How could he be prepared to let everything go after suffering such a terrible humiliation?
“Don’t worry. I’ll look after the company. I’ll report it to you immediately if there’s the slightest whiff of trouble!” Her assistant’s voice was resounding and forceful. 
Elisa wanted to quickly return to take charge of the overall situation, especially the two projects. Still, she couldn’t ignore what was happening here. She was torn between two sides at the moment. 
She nagged her assistant endlessly for a long time before she was relieved. She kept her cell phone and was about to return to the hospital room. 
The scene inside was different from when she had left it. 
The nurse’s aide arrived promptly with breakfast, which was oatmeal and bagels. It was simple yet delicious. 
“Sir, I can feed you if it’s uncomfortable!” 
She had a coy expression and looked at him charmingly. 
Elisa didn’t doubt that the nurse’s aide’s eyes would hurt if she continued to look at him so charmingly! 
The nurse’s aide noticed Elisa’s presence and immediately said, “Miss, I brought breakfast for you too!” 
“Thank you.” Elisa walked over and took her share of the breakfast. 
It was no different from Gareth’s. Elisa could tell the nurse’s aide had bought it in the hospital cafeteria. Hospital food wasn’t the best, but it was good enough if it was nutritious. 
The only difference from Gareth’s was that he had a nurse’s aide to feed him sweetly. 
“No need. I’ll do it myself!” Gareth looked at the nurse’s aide’s raised hand and naturally resisted it.
“It’s inconvenient for you. Let me do it!” The nurse’s aide was stubborn. 
But no one imagined that while the two were jostling about, the nurse’s aide spilled the bowl of oatmeal in her hands onto Gareth’s chest. 
The nurse’s aide immediately straightened up and took a napkin from the bedside. “I’m sorry. This is my fault!” 
After that, she rubbed Gareth’s chest restlessly with her hands. 
Although she seemed to be cleaning him up, she took advantage of him. Gareth’s brows furrowed deeply, and his expression changed slightly. He raised his hands to push hers away and said coldly, “How were you trained? You can’t even do something simple properly!” 
“I’m sorry. It was an accident…” The nurse’s aide’s soft voice instantly sounded distressed. It was as though she were playing dumb.
###chapter1721
Chapter 1721 Don't Make Up Love Stories
Gareth never interacted with the opposite gender, especially women who spoke delicately. He thought it was strange and revolting. 
And Elisa happened to be at the scene. 
The nurse’s aide hung her head as she stood before him, looking like a student who had made a mistake. She didn’t want to leave without receiving his forgiveness. 
Meanwhile, Elisa was calmly eating her breakfast at one side. It had nothing to do with her. 
This made Gareth feel slightly uneasy. He frowned. “If you didn’t do it on purpose, did you do it intentionally?” 
The nurse’s aide’s expression immediately changed. “I…” 
But Gareth’s black eyes were fierce. 
The nurse’s aide wrung her hands, and her attitude was humble as usual. “Mr. Wickam, it was really an unintentional accident. It was because… your demeanor was too forceful. I… I… I didn’t dare to go too close. Because when I approach you, my breathing quickens…” 
Gareth’s demeanor was evident to all. 
Moreover, Gareth had a cold yet handsome appearance. He made all the eligible ladies in Bayswe flock to him. 
It was understandable that the nurse’s aide was attracted to him. 
Gareth initially wanted to make use of the nurse’s aide, but Elisa was still unmoving after what the nurse’s aide said.
She even got up with her breakfast. “I’m going to eat this outside. I won’t disturb you.” 
“Stop!” 
Gareth immediately cried out when he saw that Elisa was about to leave. 
The next moment, he reprimanded the nurse’s aide before him. “Get lost!” 
Gareth had a dark expression and looked like he would eat her alive. The nurse’s aide cried in fright and didn’t dare to offend him further. Most importantly, she had never been berated like this since she was young! 
The nurse’s aide left timidly. Only Elisa and Gareth were left in the hospital room. 
Elisa spoke to him coldly. “You lost your temper just because she likes you. What’s wrong with you?” 
Gareth’s expression was still dark, and his voice was icy. “I don’t believe you couldn’t tell. No matter if she did it on purpose, she has nothing to do with me, Elisa. Why must you say such things to me?” 
Elisa was dumbstruck and at a loss for words. 
She sneered. “What did I say? She has feelings for you, and she’s quite pretty. Why must I disturb you if something can happen between you?” 
“Gareth, don’t you think your temper is quite baffling?” As she spoke, she glared at him viciously. 
She didn’t want to be entangled with him. After she said it, she turned to leave. 
But Gareth was faster than her. 
He quickly pulled the needle out of his hand and chased after her, grabbing her wrist.
Elisa immediately berated him furiously. “Are you mad, Gareth Wickam?” 
He was still on the IV and was in poor condition, but he had no regard for his body! 
Gareth pursed his lips. His expression was tense and solemn. 
He stared at Elisa momentarily and said, “I’m not mad. I’m well aware of what I’m doing now. Please don’t think that, Elisa. The nurse’s aide isn’t my type. Nothing will ever happen between us. Stop making up love stories here!” 
“I can’t possibly be watching at one side as she confesses her feelings for you, can I?” Elisa was still at a loss for words. As she spoke, she reached out and wanted to push Gareth away. 
To no avail… 
Gareth still grabbed her wrist tightly. ‘Crack.’ At this time, the door was opened from the outside.
###chapter1722
Chapter 1722 Is This Becoming of a Patient
“Gareth Wickam, if you have no regard for your health, why are you still being treated? You can just go home and wait to die!” 
A cold voice filled with ridicule came from not far away. 
It was filled with displeasure for Gareth. 
Gareth and Elisa were immediately distracted, and they saw Vincent slowly walking over in a suit and briefcase. 
His voice and expression were filled with indifference and disdain. 
Vincent had deliberately made the trip here for Gareth. When he discovered that Gareth was in the hospital with Elisa, he immediately rushed over. 
He knew that although Gareth’s body was frail, Gareth wasn’t like a paper doll that could easily fall when pushed gently. 
Vincent also could tell what was happening between them at the moment. 
Gareth glared at him and signaled for him to keep quiet. 
Vincent stared back at him in response. 
Elisa took the opportunity to push Gareth away. 
Gareth regarded Vincent with disdain. “I don’t have the energy to deal with you right now. Go on with your affairs!” 
Gareth chased after Elisa.
Elisa saw that Vincent’s arrival didn’t change Gareth’s mind. She was slightly enraged, but she left Gareth some dignity as he was before her. 
She restrained her anger and displeasure. “Go back to your bed. I will ask the nurse to reattach the needle before looking for Jeremy. Your health! If you’re really not taking it seriously, do what Vincent said. Go home and wait to die.” 
Elisa had an indifferent expression. It was a warning to Gareth. 
Vincent saw it and quickly went forward to pull Gareth back. “Since she’s said as such, quickly go and lie down. I still have something to consult you.” 
As he spoke, Vincent pulled Gareth to the bed. 
Gareth pushed Vincent away after Elisa left the hospital room, maintaining a distance from him. 
He looked at Vincent coldly with disdain and displeasure. 
Vincent pursed his lips unhappily. “Why do you still choose to go down such a path when you’re at such a stage? You’ve already annoyed her, but you’re still being stubborn. You’re really relentless. Do you really want to grow further apart from Elisa?” 
Upon hearing it, Gareth scoffed. “Since you’re so experienced, have you worked things out with Rachel?” 
Vincent was dumbstruck! 
He glanced at Gareth, irked. 
He cast a resentful gaze at Gareth. Why did you have to mention a sore spot?!
Vincent said, “I didn’t come to discuss such things with you. We have to think of solutions. We can’t stay clueless.” 
Gareth didn’t say anything, but his gaze was on Vincent… 
Vincent felt that Gareth was looking at him like he was a moron. 
Gareth seemed to be making fun of him. 
If Vincent couldn’t work things out with the woman he loved, how could he help Gareth come up with ideas? 
Vincent snorted coldly. “Don’t you know that two heads are better than one? What’s the point of thinking about useless ideas alone? Hasn’t Jeremy helped you keep Elisa here? They say that women are in a daze after giving birth. You didn’t give birth, so why have you turned more foolish after your divorce? Were you hurt in Moranta?” 
The coldness in Gareth’s eyes grew when faced with Vincent’s doubt and disdain. 
“You can shut up if you have nothing to say. No one will think you’re mute!” 
But Vincent refused! 
“What I’m saying are facts. You’re jumping around as you like and disobeying all doctor’s instructions. Is this becoming of a patient?”
###chapter1723
Chapter 1723 That Can't Happen
Gareth immediately fell silent at Vincent’s words and fell into deep thought. 
Was Elisa so contemptuous because he didn’t act like a patient? 
So do I have to act more like a patient? 
Upon seeing Gareth quiet, Vincent quickly said, “Women are tenderhearted. Moreover, you’re her ex- husband. You used to be husband and wife. If she can help you, do you think she’ll do nothing if you’re in trouble?” 
Ex-husband… 
These two words suddenly pierced Gareth’s heart. 
Ex. 
That word would define them forever if he didn’t win Elisa over again. 
Vincent saw that Gareth’s expression had darkened, and he sighed. “Quickly go and lie down in your bed. Let her take care of you for this time. I’m telling you, don’t feel distressed. You can’t act like you just did, either. I don’t have such an opportunity as you. 
Otherwise…” 
Otherwise, he could use such a way to keep Rachel by his side to take care of him. 
However, when he thought of it, Rachel’s contemptuous expression immediately appeared in his mind. 
He could even think of what Rachel would say indifferently and disdainfully.
“Can’t you get a nurse’s aide to look after you if you’re sick? Why are you looking for me? Am I your housekeeper or your mom? You’re not paying me, and I have no obligation. Are you asking me to care for you? You must be dreaming!” 
When Vincent thought about it, he felt more downcast. 
After he had found her and explained everything, she was more aloof toward him and kept a greater distance. 
“Gareth, for now, do as I say. As for me… I’m telling you, after you and Elisa are settled, you must help me!” 
Vincent said seriously. 
So were they in an equally pathetic state now? 
But he could do as Vincent had said now. 
On Elisa’s end. 
She went to look for Jeremy. 
Jeremy was in a specially set up specialist office because of Gareth’s condition. He had moved his office to the emergency department. 
One reason was that Gareth’s condition needed attention. The other reason was that Jeremy treated Elisa like a hero after solving Julia’s case and eliminating her cancer cells together. 
He was excited to work with his hero.
With the drug remnants in Gareth’s body, it could benefit the people if they could develop an antidote based on Gareth’s blood sample results. They could also stop more people from being harmed by the different medicine developed in the black market. 
Jeremy quickly put down his work when he saw Elisa. He got up to greet her. “You’re here. Is something wrong?” 
Elisa nodded. “It’s about Gareth. We must quickly treat him now. Firstly, he isn’t cooperating. Secondly, I have my own affairs to deal with. I can’t spend too much time on him.” 
She revealed her thoughts openly. 
But Jeremy brought up an important point. “I’m afraid that can’t happen.” 
After that, Jeremy brought out Gareth’s test results. 
Jeremy circled the critical issues. “On the one hand, the drug remnants in Gareth’s body will flare up at any time. On the other hand, it’s his gunshot wound. Do you see this here? Although it didn’t hurt his heart, the arteries at his heart near his injury will burst at anytime. If it does…”
###chapter1724
Chapter 1724 Difficult Situation
If the artery at his heart burst, he would suffer a hemorrhage and die at any time. There wouldn’t even be a chance to save him! 
Therefore, Gareth had to recuperate now. He couldn’t be agitated, exert any effort, simply move about, or perform big moves! 
The first thing they had to do was utterly eliminate the drug remnants in Gareth’s body. Furthermore, he couldn’t undergo a blood transfusion in his current situation. 
Gareth was currently in a difficult situation. 
She was livid when she thought of how he had pulled out his needle and left the bed just now. He wanted to destroy him! 
She threw the results to one side. “You must tell Gareth this. He won’t listen to me. Tell him that if he wants to live, he has to obey the doctor’s orders. If he wants to die, he can get lost now!” 
Although she said such a thing, she clearly understood the severity of the situation. She couldn’t let Gareth die in front of her. 
Jeremy shook his head. “You must be the one to tell him. You know what he’s like. He only stayed because you’re here. Otherwise…” 
Otherwise, Gareth would have long left the hospital. 
Even though Jeremy didn’t complete his sentence, Elisa understood it clearly. 
Therefore, she glanced at Jeremy before the two went to look for Gareth with the results. 
At that moment, Gareth and Vincent were done discussing their plan of attack.
Jeremy was momentarily surprised to see Vincent here. 
Elisa repeated to Gareth what Jeremy had told her. “Jeremy will look after you in the hospital. I’ll come and visit you occasionally and develop a plan with him…” 
“But with Gareth’s situation, he needs to be nursed. Elisa, I know it’ll be tiring for you for quite some time, but only you can do it. In any case, you were husband and wife. Don’t leave him with any residual effects.” Vincent interrupted Elisa before she could finish speaking. 
He was trying to persuade Elisa with emotion and reason. 
Vincent and Jeremy had the same mentality. Firstly, they wanted Gareth to recover. Secondly, they wanted Elisa and Gareth to reconcile. 
Elisa clearly understood their thoughts. 
She was firm. “Gareth isn’t the only person in my life. I have my own matters to deal with as well. Moreover, isn’t Jeremy in the hospital? Don’t you trust his skills?” 
Jeremy became the hospital director at a young age. Not only did this have something to do with his family background, but more importantly, it was because of his ability. 
Vincent immediately sneered. “Trust? He told me Rachel was pregnant just by listening with his so- called skills and without checking the test results!” 
If Jeremy had been more cautious and only called Vincent after he had looked at the results, Vincent wouldn’t have come to the hospital. 
The situation wouldn’t have been as tense if he hadn’t visited the hospital. 
Elisa was dumbfounded.
Elisa could understand everything Jeremy had done, so it was unreasonable for Vincent to blame him. 
But it wasn’t the time to argue about such things. 
“If you don’t trust him, you can switch hospitals or find Gareth a better doctor. I have something to do. I’m going to leave.” 
After that, Elisa turned and left. 
But Gareth, who was at the side, glanced at Vincent meaningfully. 
Vincent immediately caught up with Elisa.
###chapter1725
Chapter 1725 She Had to Acknowledge It
Elisa couldn’t help but wrinkle her brows when she saw Vincent catch up to her. “What’s up with you?” 
Vincent quickly answered, “I wanted you to help play matchmaker for Rachel and me.” 
Vincent didn’t beat around the bush. This was his main reason for coming to the hospital today. 
He had brought it up to her in Moranta. At the time, she had said to wait until she returned to the country. Now… Rachel had just mentioned Vincent when she called Elisa yesterday. 
Her words were filled with disdain and displeasure for Vincent. 
Elisa shook her head. “I can’t help you out. If you and Rachel liked each other, I…” 
“With Rachel’s personality, do you think I would need anyone to play matchmaker if we liked each other?” Vincent interrupted Elisa before she could finish speaking. 
Elisa suddenly stopped. She couldn’t deny that what Vincent said was right. 
With Rachel’s personality, she wouldn’t need to play matchmaker if Rachel liked Vincent. 
But Rachel and Vincent… 
Vincent knew what she was thinking about and immediately expressed his thoughts. “Rachel doesn’t trust me and thinks I’m lustful. She thinks what is unattainable is the best, so she’s been rejecting me. She wouldn’t be willing to look at me if she didn’t like me at all. I really like Rachel and want to give her a home.” 
As Vincent spoke, he beat his chest. 
With the suit he was wearing, he looked like a salesperson at that moment.
However, he was very sincere. 
Elisa still shook her head. “It’s useless for me to see your sincerity. If Rachel is unwilling, what’s the point of me helping? Wouldn’t I just be making trouble for her unnecessarily?” 
Vincent disagreed. “Elisa, please! If you help me, you’re bringing two lovers together. If I get together with Rachel, I’ll thank you properly.” 
He didn’t have to go so far as to thank her. 
With how Vincent currently seemed… He looked lost. 
Not only did Rachel not believe him, but Elisa didn’t trust him either. 
Vincent immediately saw the doubt and distrust in Elisa’s eyes. He pursed his lips and said, “It’s in the past. Doesn’t everyone have a past? At least I’ve changed. I have no one beside me. I truly want to take care of her. If I wanted to have fun with her, I wouldn’t be standing here and saying such things to you.” 
With Vincent’s family background and how outstanding he was, he didn’t need to spend much effort looking for women. 
He had, indeed,changed. 
But Rachel… 
Elisa made things clear to him. “I’m her friend, but I can’t force her to do something she doesn’t want to. I hope you can understand this. You must work hard for something to happen between you and Rachel. But I will advise you. Don’t turn things into too much of a mess.”
She was indicating to Vincent not to pursue Rachel too closely. Otherwise, it would cause Rachel to dislike him, and he would be doomed. 
Vincent still persisted. “If I don’t approach her, I won’t have a chance. Elisa, I’m different from Gareth. He can get married without love, but I won’t take so much trouble for a woman unless I’m genuine about her.” 
Elisa had to acknowledge this. 
Gareth had married her due to an unexpected turn of events.
###chapter1726
Chapter 1726 There's No Other Way
It was also because of Darren, Gareth’s grandfather, playing matchmaker. 
But she didn’t say anything. Vincent realized he had misspoken and quickly corrected himself. He explained, “I… I didn’t mean that. I meant in the past. Gareth has changed and genuinely repented. He wants to make it up to you. Ignore what I just said!” 
Vincent was very impatient at that moment, but it made Elisa smile. She asked, “It’s too late. I heard what you said. Do you think I can ignore it?” 
She wasn’t deaf, so she naturally couldn’t ignore it. 
Vincent was annoyed at that moment. 
What did I do? How could I have loose lips and say such things?!f Gareth found out, he would kill me. I’m really amazing. I brought up something I shouldn’t hove! 
“Alright, stop being so persistent. I’m busy, so I’m leaving. If Rachel considers you and if you’re trustworthy, I’ll help you. But if she isn’t interested in you, I’ll advise you to work hard. Don’t try to make use of me.” 
After that, Elisa turned. 
But Vincent still chased after her. Before she could say anything, he rushed to say, “It’s not about Rachel. I… Um, can you give me a ride?” 
Elisa was flabbergasted. 
She stared at Vincent in astonishment. She didn’t believe what Vincent had just said.
Was he asking her for a ride now in his current position? Other than Rachel linking them together, she couldn’t think of why else he asked. 
Vincent saw that Elisa was surprised and astonished, so he quickly said, “I’ve been having a bit of a situation, and I don’t have money fora ride back. And now… Ah, I can’t ask Gareth to drive and send me back in his current state, can I? Also, I have some work that I want Rachel to help me with.” 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
Being in a tough spot and having no money for a ride back were two different things. No matter what Vincent did, he wouldn’t have landed in such a difficult situation. 
Moreover, how did he come here if he was really in such a dire circumstance? 
Elisa wasn’t too direct. “Isn’t Jeremy in the hospital? You’re good friends. Are you afraid of troubling him? Furthermore, even if Gareth is in the hospital, Thomas isn’t. Gareth has so many cars in his garage. If you need a car, you can call Thomas and ask him to send one over, right?” 
What Elisa said made sense. 
But if he did as Elisa had said, how could he help Gareth? 
“This is urgent. I can’t wait for Thomas to send a car over. I’m not going to hide my miserable state from you. I hitched a ride with my colleague to come here. Since you were here, I wanted you to take me to Rachel.” 
Vincent smiled in embarrassment. 
Elisa shook her head. “Since you’re concerned about this and in such a miserable state, ask Gareth to lend you some money.”
Gareth was wealthy. How would he be stingy with his good friend that he had grown up with? 
As she spoke, her gaze fell on Vincent. 
She didn’t have any other intention. She wanted to see what other excuse Vincent could use at such a point. 
To her surprise, Vincent sighed deeply. “How could I bear to ask another man for help? I have no other way. I just wanted you to take me to Rachel…”
###chapter1727
Chapter 1727 Why Didn't You Just Ask
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
She never thought Vincent would say such things. 
Did he know for sure that she was going to look for Rachel? 
Elisa was slightly at a loss for words. “I’ll get a cab to send you straight to Rachel. Also, why didn’t you ask Gareth if you need money?” 
Her last question was the main point! 
Vincent was immediately dumbfounded. 
It didn’t make sense that he looked for her instead of Gareth! 
However, he had reached a consensus with Gareth. How could he let Elisa leave alone now? 
Especially when he had to stop any possibility of Elisa meeting with Will. 
Vincent sighed deeply and had a distressed expression. “I wanted to, but my pathetic dignity is all I have left as a man. I think… I know what you’re thinking about. But if you take me to see Rachel, she might pity and sympathize with me. I’m serious. Otherwise, why would I be standing here?” 
Vincent seemed highly frustrated when he said it. 
Elisa picked up her cell phone and transferred twenty thousand to 
Vincent via Venmo. “I’ve transferred some money to you. Find out how much you need. However, I can’t lend it to you if it’s too big a sum, but you can discuss it with Gareth. No matter how much you value your dignity, Gareth is your good friend. He won’t stand by and do nothing.”
Vincent was annoyed and amused when he saw the transaction notification and heard what Elisa said. 
Elisa was so straightforward. She lent him money when he said he needed money. 
But with his identity, how would twenty thousand be enough if he really needed money? 
However, he couldn’t behave strangely right now. He could only smile and thank Elisa. “You’re the best. No one believed me when I said I was in trouble. But even if they didn’t believe me, who would joke about such a thing? I want to meet Rachel…” 
Before he could finish his sentence, Elisa interrupted him. “You don’t have to tell me what you want to do with Rachel. I can’t make decisions on her behalf. As for the money…” 
Elisa narrowed her eyes as she sized Vincent up. 
Vincent didn’t give anything away. 
But when he acted that way, the stranger he seemed. 
Elisa went straight to the point. “Vincent, you asked me to help you cozy up to Rachel. Don’t tell me it’s just a ruse for you to follow me because you made a promise to Gareth?” 
“How can that be?!” 
Vincent immediately denied it and said, “I’m sincere about Rachel. Do you think I was pretending when I called you? Moreover, why would I promise Gareth anything? Even if I followed you now, I can’t do it constantly. Since you’ve already lent me money, I can look for Rachel alone!” 
“So why didn’t you just ask to borrow money at the start?” Elisa was blunt. At that moment, Vincent was slow to react.
He was stumped. 
Upon seeing him like that, Elisa laughed. “If you had asked to borrow money initially, you wouldn’t be in such a mess. After all, it’s most convenient to do anything you want with the money. But you keep contradicting yourself. Vincent, I didn’t say your feelings for Rachel were insincere. However! I don’t need you to play matchmaker between Gareth and I!” 
She made her stance clear. 
Vincent felt ashamed for a moment. Since Elisa had already said such a thing, he wouldn’t have any decorum if he didn’t admit it. Elisa would continue to look down on him. 
How would she help him and Rachel if she looked down on him?
###chapter1728
Chapter 1728 Even if He's Dead, It Has Nothing to Do with You
Therefore, Vincent was honest. He said, "I do want to help you and Gareth, but it's true that I'm broke. Many people don't believe that I'm penniless. You're the only one willing to lend me money. As for Gareth, I didn't bring this up to him." 
Only that way could he explain why Gareth didn't help him. 
At the same time, he wanted to convince Elisa. 
Elisa was uninterested in how he didn't mention it to Gareth. She only cared about what he said initially about helping her and Gareth. 
What was the current situation between her and Gareth? 
Why was everyone confused about it? 
Elisa pursed her lips and was slightly frustrated. "Gareth and I are divorced and have been separated for some time. I don't know what you're thinking about. Why do you think Gareth and I can get together? If we can reconcile, why would we have divorced in the first place?" 
They could remarry after their divorce, but why did they even divorce if they were to remarry? 
Why didn't they just skip the divorce in the beginning? 
Elisa felt sad yet amused when she thought about everything that had happened after she received the divorce papers from Gareth. 
At the time, Gareth was resolute and didn't hesitate at all. 
He was also firm and certain about wanting to remarry her now. 
Why did Gareth get to make all the decisions? 
For a moment, it was hard for Vincent to answer. Only Gareth himself would understand. 
Gareth's decision was a mistake. 
At the time, his good friends had tried to dissuade him, but to no avail. Gareth now understood his feelings clearly, so they couldn't stand by and do nothing as observers. 
Vincent pursed his lips and answered. "I can understand your thoughts, but I hope you can consider it. Gareth only divorced you because he went mad at the time. At present, he understands his feelings for you. You were husband and wife, and you were a great match. If you were to remarry, then…" 
"Then what? There's no any complicated connections between us, and we don't have any children. You don't have to say that it's for the sake of our child or anything like that. There's no benefit of us remarrying. I just want to stay far away from this person now. Can't I do that?" Elisa didn't want to listen to Vincent any further. 
She was exhausted and annoyed at her relationship with Gareth and how people around them were deliberately matchmaking them. 
Vincent pursed his lips and didn't go on. 
Because he clearly saw Elisa's rage. 
Elisa didn't want to argue with Vincent about this either. She told him, "If you want to pursue Rachel, that's your business. I'll naturally wish you well if you succeed. But if Rachel doesn't want it, I advise you to give up before it's too late. Don't expect me to help." 
After that, Elisa hailed a cab. 
Her cell phone rang before she told the driver the destination. 
It was Rachel. She asked Elisa, "I'm looking for you. Where are you? Don't tell me you're entangled with Gareth again!" 
Rachel's words were intertwined with rage. 
She went to Benett Corporation this morning but didn't see Elisa. She had waited there for a while, but Elisa hadn't appeared. 
She was impatient, so she called Elisa. As she was speaking to Elisa, she naturally thought of Gareth. 
"Gareth is severely ill." 
"Even if he's dead, it has nothing to do with you!" 
###chapter1729
Chapter 1729 Perhaps He's Working with Gareth
Rachel was furious when she heard Elisa mention Gareth. 
Why is Gareth so shameless? 
No matter what happened, Gareth always had to drag Elisa into it. They could work together if they were husband and wife and still had an intimate relationship. 
But they were currently divorced and were already strangers. He shouldn't go overboard! 
Rachel wanted to rush to Gareth and murder the stupid man. 
"I know, but his injury… He saved me by taking two bullets for me in Moranta." Elisa felt downcast when she heard what Rachel said. 
She didn't want to always be entangled with Gareth, but there was always something up with him. 
Especially when Jeremy explained Gareth's condition. Elisa's head hurt just thinking about it. 
Rachel disagreed. "He voluntarily took the bullet for you. You didn't ask him to do it. Moreover, didn't you go to Moranta with him to look for medicine for his grandmother?" 
"If he hadn't brought you to Moranta, how would anything have happened to you? You don't have to feel responsible for this, Elisa." 
Rachel wanted to be by Elisa's side to thoroughly reprimand Elisa. 
She would also run to Gareth and ask the stupid man if he had no one else in his life. He always looked for Liz every time something happened! 
Elisa didn't say anything. 
What Rachel said wasn't unreasonable. 
But the person might not have wanted to kill her because of Gareth. 
No matter what, it was a fact that Gareth had taken a bullet for her. 
Elisa shook her head. "I don't feel responsible. I didn't want to care for him, but he fainted before me. I can't stand by and do nothing. Moreover, I'm keeping an eye on his condition with Jeremy. I would do something even if he were a stranger." 
Furthermore, he was Gareth. Her ex-husband, whom she used to love deeply. 
Rachel was enraged when she heard what Elisa said. She suddenly became irritable and asked Elisa, "Have you ever thought that Gareth and Jeremy are working together to deceive you? Gareth isn't so delicate, and Jeremy is a hospital director, in any case. Could he have reached such a position if he wasn't capable? If he wasn't skillful, could he have researched Gareth's grandmother's cancer cells with you back then?" 
Elisa suddenly fell silent when she heard it. 
She couldn't deny what Rachel was saying. With Jeremy's position, he could fake Gareth's test results. 
But Gareth's frail condition was undeniable. 
Upon hearing Elisa's silence, Rachel knew Elisa was currently pondering. Rachel sighed. "Think about it. In any case, I don't want you to fall for Gareth again. There are so many good men in the world. Will is pretty decent. If you don't like him, you can look for other men. Are you afraid you can't find a good man with your qualifications and conditions?" 
To Rachel, Elisa was beautiful and outstanding. Even if Gareth was wealthy and handsome, he was a scum! 
A scum couldn't be with a pretty woman! 
"Rachel, I have no expectations for love now. I know what to do about Gareth." 
###chapter1730
Chapter 1730 Do You Not Believe in Marriage?
Elisa was silent and solemn. 
She was no longer a young, eighteen-year-old girl who bravely did everything for love alone. She understood the current situation. 
Furthermore, she was apathetic about love. 
Rachel would have wholly believed Elisa if she said such things about anything else. 
But not when it came to Gareth. 
Rachel immediately said coldly, "If you knew what to do, how would you have fallen for him in the first place? How much of your career did you put on hold in the three years you were married?" 
"Elisa, I don't want to pop your bubble, but I must pull you out of your dream so you won't be blinded by love! You didn't want to divorce Gareth when he handed you the divorce papers, right?" 
Gareth had been very resolute when he gave her the divorce papers. Elisa's love had been unrequited for three years, and it made Elisa see him for the person he was, so the two had a divorce and separated. 
What Rachel said pierced Elisa's heart for a moment. 
When Elisa first saw the divorce papers, she was in disbelief and couldn't bear to sign them. 
But they had been divorced for so long. Elisa no longer had such feelings about Gareth. 
She laughed lightly and was at ease. "Why are we talking about such things? Gareth and I are strangers now. We only interact at work and have been more involved with each other recently. I will follow up on what you said. If it's true, I will immediately get rid of Gareth. Don't worry. I will no longer be blinded by love like I was in the past." 
Elisa spoke with confidence and assurance. 
Rachel shook her head. "Liz, it's not that I'm lecturing you or don't believe you. It's mainly because of you and Gareth… Ah, love is blind. I should have stopped you back then. If I couldn't stop you, I should have knocked you unconscious and taken you away. That way, you wouldn't have gotten married to him, and everything else wouldn't have happened." 
Rachel felt very regretful. 
Elisa was amused. "Do you hear yourself? Do you think it's realistic?" 
At the same time, Elisa was comforted that she had such a good friend who always looked out for her. It was a blessing! 
Rachel snorted. "Why not? If I kidnapped you while you were unconscious, you couldn't sign the marriage certificate with Gareth. If you didn't sign it, you wouldn't be a divorcee now, and you wouldn't have a failed marriage." 
"So, do you not believe in marriage?" Elisa couldn't help but raise her brows when she heard what Rachel said. 
She suddenly thought of what Vincent had said when he caught up with her. 
Rachel didn't deny it. "Isn't it good to stay single? Among my cases, more than half are divorce cases. Some people want to abandon their children for more money. Many of them cheat on their spouses too. There are also murder cases. Have you never heard of the saying that your spouse is your closest neighbor?" 
There was a widely circulated saying online. Staying single and childless was the safest. 
Elisa was momentarily silent before answering. "Although that's true, have you really decided to give up on true love?" 
Rachel was dumbfounded. 
It left Rachel confused. "What true love? Why are you saying such a thing to me out of nowhere? Did that stupid Vincent say something to you?" 
As Rachel questioned Elisa, she thought of a key figure, Vincent.
###chapter1731
Chapter 1731 Can They Be Compared
Elisa answered, "Vincent didn't say anything. He just wants me to help him. But don't worry. I turned him down. I know your personality well. You wouldn't need anyone to play matchmaker if you were willing. Furthermore, I can't help much in such a situation." 
Rachel was furious when she heard that Vincent had asked Elisa for help. "He has the nerve to ask you for help? Seriously, all men are trash. This is utterly true!" 
"He really has the cheek to ask you for help with his behavior!" 
It seemed that Rachel was deeply prejudiced against Vincent. 
Elisa furrowed her brows and asked an important question. "Why do you hate Vincent so much now? Didn't you go to Moranta with him previously? I saw that you were getting along…" 
"Don't be deceived by superficial appearances. How could we have gotten along? We went to Moranta because he knew Gareth's whereabouts. You didn't want to tell me your address back then because you didn't want me to look for you." Rachel interrupted Elisa as she explained. 
Rachel continued. "Vincent doesn't actually want to be with me. He's using love as a ruse. What he truly wants is his mother's belongings." 
This was the main point. 
But it was something she needed. Why did she have to give it to Vincent because he wanted it? 
Vincent was now trying every possible means to get it. She wouldn't allow him to take it from her in this
way. 
"Huh?" 
Elisa didn't know that there was such a dispute between Vincent and Rachel. 
If it was really as Rachel said, Vincent was abominable! 
Of course, based on her relationship with Rachel, it couldn't be an innocent misunderstanding between Rachel and Vincent. 
Therefore, the only conclusion was that Rachel was right about Vincent. 
It angered Elisa that Vincent wanted to use love to trick Rachel into giving up her belongings. "So this is why you don't want to accept his feelings! If he dares to look for me again, I'll teach him a lesson on your behalf!" 
"You don't have to do that. It's more important for you to quickly keep your distance from Gareth. No matter how severe his injury is, he's wealthy. Are you afraid he can't find a good doctor to treat him? You have great medical expertise, but you're not the only one. Why must he chase after you relentlessly?" 
Rachel asked Elisa a series of questions. Her voice was filled with disdain and scorn for Gareth. 
What Rachel said made sense. 
But with Gareth's condition, if he wasn't working with Jeremy to deceive her, it wouldn't be easy to find
a new doctor. 
She had to treat Gareth back to health. Otherwise, it would weigh heavily on her, and she would always feel guilty. 
Elisa pursed her lips and sighed. "Rachel, I understand your good intentions. However, I must take responsibility for Gareth's current situation. As for Vincent, if he's really faking it, get rid of him as soon as possible. If…" 
Perhaps there was a misunderstanding on Rachel's end. 
After all, there were two sides to every story. As friends, they could only advise each other. 
Rachel sneered. "Liz, you're underestimating Vincent. Let me put it this way. I would rather believe that Gareth has repented than trust that Vincent genuinely loves me!" 
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
Can Gareth and Vincent be compared?
###chapter1732
Chapter 1732 Am I Wrong
"Weren't you just speaking ill of Gareth? But when it comes to Vincent, why do you think Gareth is the better choice?" 
Regardless of whether they could be compared, Rachel was comparing the two men. 
It was indeed what she meant. 
She nodded. "Gareth is trash, but he only had Linda beside him. When he married you, your love was one-sided, but he clearly expressed he loved Linda and not you, didn't he? But Vincent is different. He has so many women around him. Who do you think he's been genuine with and taken responsibility for?" 
"He just wants to use love to conquer me and achieve his goals. He's fickle and shameless." This was Rachel's judgment of Vincent. 
It seemed like Rachel regarded him with extreme disdain. 
Elisa didn't want to talk about it further. "Alright, let's not talk about them. Were you just looking for me to chide me?" 
Rachel immediately denied it. "I went to Benett Corporation to look for you because I wanted to go shopping with you, but I didn't see you. It's all because you're so involved with Gareth. I naturally thought of how you might have been with Gareth. Then when I called and asked… you told me that he's severely ill. How do you think I'd feel?" 
"Mm. I would get angry and feel exasperated too. Where are you now? I'll come and look for you." 
But Rachel turned her down. "Liz, I can't meet you now. I have something to do. I'll look for you once I'm done." 
After that, Rachel hung up. 
Elisa was exasperated when she heard the beeping of the dial tone. 
On Rachel's end. 
When she saw Vincent nearby, she hung up and immediately rushed to him. 
She quickly tried to strike him, but Vincent avoided her nimbly. He initially had a smile on his face, but it turned into a frown. He scowled. "Why are you hitting me for no reason? Aren't you afraid that you'll hurt me?" 
Rachel smiled coldly. "Are you afraid of that? If so, why don't you restrain yourself? Why did you go and say such things to Elisa? I can't believe you're so shameless, Vincent Shane!" 
Vincent was immediately dumbstruck and at a loss for words. 
He had rushed over immediately. Not only was Rachel unfriendly, hostile, and disdainful, but she was also rebuking him like this? 
Vincent disagreed with what she was saying. He immediately retorted, "How am I shameless by trying to pursue the woman I love?" 
"You're misrepresenting facts, spouting nonsense, and trying to achieve your goals by any means necessary. Isn't this being shameless?" Rachel laughed coldly. 
She clenched her fists tightly. She really wanted to beat Vincent up. 
Vincent's thoughts were the same. "I only asked for Elisa's help to move you. How am I misrepresenting facts?" 
"You're speaking as if I'm a heinous villain. Rachel, you can reject me and not like me, but how can you say such nasty things about me?" 
Vincent said it in a low voice. He seemed slightly aggrieved. 
Rachel wasn't the slightest bit affected when she saw it. She sneered and asked, "Am I wrong?" 
"You are. I genuinely like you. Everything I'm doing is to move you…" 
###chapter1733
Chapter 1733 Must You Do Such A Thing
However, Rachel retorted. 
"Can you not be so nauseating, Vincent?" Rachel had an icy gaze. It was filled with contempt for him. 
Vincent immediately felt defeated. "It's the truth. How is it nauseating? You can choose not to believe and reject me, but you can't deny my sincerity and what I've done for you." 
Rachel was baffled. 
Vincent's sincerity? Does it even exist? 
She was curious about what he had done for her, so she asked, "What have you done for me?" 
How has he been sincere? 
Vincent explained impatiently, "I took you to Moranta and chartered a plane to bring you back. Doesn't that count?" 
"And I've always made my true feelings known to you. Do you think I would have spent so much time on you if I wasn't sincere?" 
He spoke every word clearly. 
It was rare for Vincent to speak so much. 
Rachel sneered softly and asked, "Vincent, I've previously made it clear to you, but you still haven't
given up. What must I tell you? No matter what happens to me, I won't give you Mom's belongings!" 
This was Rachel's stance. 
Malice streaked across Rachel's eyes when she spoke. 
She would rather die than give it up! 
Vincent didn't think she was so determined. He also never imagined this was what Rachel cared about. 
When he discovered the truth, he wanted to retrieve what his mother had left and keep it safe. 
Rachel's misunderstanding wasn't unfounded. He indeed had such thoughts in the past. 
But as they spent time together, he realized he was dreaming of Rachel and understood that she had taken root in his heart. It was impossible to get rid of her in his heart. 
He had truly fallen in love with her and genuinely wanted to be with her. 
As for what his mother had left behind, if they got together, it would make no difference who kept it safe. 
He never considered retrieving what his mother had left behind if he got together with Rachel. 
Vincent pursed his lips as he saw how agitated Rachel was before him. After that, he quickly said, "I never thought of emotionally manipulating you. I won't force you to return it to me…" 
Rachel didn't want to listen further when she heard it. She laughed in a rage and interrupted him. "You won't force me, so you want to do such things to make me give it to you on my own accord. Do you think I'm a fool, Vincent Shane?" 
Rachel would never be blinded by love! 
Vincent denied it. "I've never thought of you as a fool. Nor have I ever thought of using such a way to get anything from you. Rachel, give me a chance to prove it to you. Actions speak louder than words." 
This was the truth. 
Rachel narrowed her eyes and looked at Vincent. She didn't dare to believe that Vincent had said such a thing. 
She shook her head. "It would be best if you got rid of such thoughts. I don't need you to prove anything to me. I only know that I don't like you. Since I don't like you, I won't be moved by such actions." 
After that, Rachel patted Vincent's shoulder nonchalantly. 
She was going to leave, but… 
"Must you do such a thing?" 
Vincent suddenly asked Rachel. 
Rachel retorted in response. "Why not? Let me ask you. Since you think I shouldn't do such a thing, must you do such a thing?"
###chapter1734
Chapter 1734 I Can Establish An Agreement
Vincent was slightly frustrated. He said, "Rachel, do you think I made a trip here to discuss such things?" 
He had made a trip here to express his feelings. He wanted to see Rachel, but she said such things about him. The two were even arguing over it. 
There was no need for them to argue. 
He didn't want things to be unpleasant between them. 
Rachel smiled and asked, "Since that's not the case, why are you here? Are my intentions still unclear? Or do you not understand what I'm saying?" 
"I understand what you're saying, and your intentions are crystal clear. However, how would you know my feelings for you are insincere if you've never been with me?" 
"I used to find ways and means to retrieve my mother's belongings, but ultimately, I changed my mind. You must have a reason for keeping it. If we get together now, does it matter who it belongs to?" 
Rachel could understand what Vincent was saying. 
So Vincent only wanted to be with her because of the necklace. They wouldn't have crossed paths without the necklace and her foster mother. 
And Vincent wouldn't want to be with her. 
At that moment, Rachel felt her heart had been viciously ripped out. 
It was difficult to bear. 
But she quickly restrained her strange feelings and retorted. "It does. You see, your intention is the same. You're just rephrasing it. You think that if we get together, it doesn't matter who it belongs to because you feel I will return it to you. Vincent, you wouldn't say such things to me without the necklace and wouldn't waste so much time on me." 
"Girls prettier and more outstanding than me can be found everywhere. Don't deny what I'm saying, Vincent. Everything is true." 
Before Vincent could say anything, Rachel continued. 
Vincent suddenly felt very frustrated and defeated. 
No matter how he explained it, Rachel didn't believe him. 
"Rachel, what must I do before you believe me? Must I set up an agreement to state that I will never take the necklace? Or must I give you a security deposit before you believe my feelings are authentic?" Vincent fervently expressed his stance. 
Rachel was in a daze when she heard Vincent use the word 'agreement.' She never thought he would say such a thing. 
As a lawyer, they cared most about evidence and agreements when working on a case. 
If an agreement was written and notarized, all rights to the necklace would belong to her. It also meant Vincent would give up all his rights on his own accord. 
He was saying such a thing with unbelievable confidence and assurance. 
If she really agreed, he would establish an agreement between them. 
He had such a clear stance… 
This made Rachel slightly dazed. 
Vincent was slightly worried when Rachel didn't answer. He grabbed her shoulders. "What's wrong? Should we do this?" 
"Vincent, I think we're unsuitable as lovers. We can only be friends. Since you have such thoughts about the necklace, it's a good time for you to give it up. Keeping your word is more important than any agreement, isn't it?" 
"But I am my mom's biological son. Rachel, if I went by normal processes, do you think you can beat me?" 
Vincent's gaze turned cold when he heard her turn him down. 
Rachel smiled. "So? Are you going to take me to court since I rejected you?" 
###chapter1735
Chapter 1735 Since When Did He Become So Shameless?
Despite the sarcastic smile on Rachel's lips, a tinge of disappointment flickered in her eyes. A strange mixture of emotions washed over her as she realized something she had never experienced before, even after having known Vincent for a long time. 
All this while, he's just putting on a fa?ade. Beneath that, his true nature is cold and aloof! 
He spoke calmly, "Rachel, I'm just stating the truth. It's never been my intention to bring you to court. If that was the plan, do you think we would be talking about it now? Back when I wanted the necklace more than anything else, I didn't even resort to doing that. What makes you think I would do it now?" 
His voice cracked as sadness crept into his eyes. 
Since I didn't take that action back then, it's even more impossible to do it now that I'm in love with her. 
Rachel felt heartbroken looking at him. She averted her gaze, not wanting to meet his eyes. 
Trying her best to suppress her feelings, she tried to maintain her distance from him. 
"I don't mind if you stay or leave, but I have to let you know that I don't like you. I won't accept you, and I will never give you the necklace – even if you bring me to court. From the perspective of the law and morality, you don't have the inheritance rights to that." 
With that, she turned around to leave. But it was out of the question for Vincent to allow that. 
He grabbed her arm, but before he could say anything, she shook him off. 
Not giving up, he blocked her directly. 
Just as Rachel didn't know what to do, a low, threatening tenor voice rang. "Since when did the Shanes become so shameless?" 
Rachel and Vincent were distracted by the voice. When they saw who it was, they were stunned. 
It was James Markee, Rachel's uncle. 
It was entirely out of their expectations that he would defend her. 
Since he was her family, Vincent immediately let go of her and explained, "I'm not being shameless. We're just having an argument, and I would like to explain myself. I–" 
"But I understood otherwise from the situation I've just witnessed – she clearly doesn't want to be pestered by you, yet you kept going. Come here, Rachel," he interjected coolly, showing his complete lack of interest in hearing Vincent out. 
The fact that he suggested that Rachel come over to his side made it clear that he would take care of the situation completely. 
Not wanting to put Vincent on the spot, Rachel looked away and said, "Keep your emotions in check. I hope we only talk business the next time we meet." 
James shot Vincent a look before leaving together with Rachel. 
Vincent finally gave up pursuing Rachel, only because of James' arrival. 
"Get in the car." James' voice rang behind her. 
A black sports car stopped in front of Rachel not long after leaving. 
She thought through it quickly before following suit. 
After settling down in the backseat of the car, she said, "Just speak your mind, Uncle James." 
She was positive that he had something to tell her. Since she didn't enjoy a great relationship with her family, she didn't want to waste time beating around the bush. 
###chapter1736
Chapter 1736 Why Bother?
The Markee family valued men over women. 
When she felt completely hopeless with no one to rely on, it was Vincent's mother who took her in. 
Though they had been doing quite well over the years, she no longer kept in touch with her. James had never once helped her out. 
His appearance right now is a coincidence, but his helping me out is definitely planned. 
"Regardless of what happened, you are still a part of the Markee family, and I'm your biological uncle. I can't possibly see you being pestered by another man." 
His cool, logical explanation sounded. 
Rachel felt a strong urge to ask, "If that's the case, why did I end up being adopted by Vincent's mother back then? Why haven't you helped my predicament all this while, not even once?" 
Nevertheless, she successfully reigned herself. 
I've already separated myself from the family. There's no point asking those questions now. 
Still, she gave a perfunctory nod. "Thanks for the help. Is there anything else? If not–" 
"Where are you heading? I'll give you a ride." 
Rachel was about to leave, but James interrupted before she could even finish her sentence. 
She knew he was one of the biggest shareholders of Benett Group, and he had never given Elisa a hard time. Is he genuinely offering to send me home without any other reasons? 
She found it hard to believe. 
Regardless, James saw through her thoughts. 
"You seem to bear quite a lot of animosity toward me. Or could it be that I've disappointed you unknowingly?" 
"No. I'm just curious about all this." We barely talk to each other, after all. 
"There's nothing to be curious about. Back then, leaving you with that woman was the best option. You know very well that men are treated with more importance in our family. Your grandparents–" 
"Uncle James, it's not important anymore. As for what you're about to say, I'm sure it's about the family, which I'm not a part of anymore. I like to be blunt and straightforward, so please cut to the chase if you have anything to tell me. Otherwise, please drop me at the next turn." 
Rachel was triggered after hearing about the inequality between men and women once again. She could feel her anger soaring through the roof as soon as the topic was mentioned. 
They are the only ones with such a backward and conservative mindset in this era! 
James responded swiftly, "Nothing much. I'd like you to help Elisa since you're a lawyer." 
Several board meetings had been held, all to kick Elisa out of the company. After all, Elisa was Nelson's only daughter, and Benett Corporation was his most treasured possession. 
That was the only request he made. 
Rachel was slightly surprised to hear that. 
"Of course, that goes without saying. Elisa is my best friend. I would definitely do everything I can to help her. Is there anything else?" 
"Your grandfather is turning eighty in a few days, and he's going to throw a grand party. Just want to let you know about that. Remember to attend – we are going to take a family photo." 
Rachel let out a snort of laughter after hearing that. They didn't care about my livelihood when they abandoned me back then; now that he's having a big party, he wants me in the photos. About time, huh? Didn't they completely ignore my existence back then? 
"None of you spoke up for me back then. Not just that – the old man despised me so much. It's better that I don't go back and be an eyesore to him." 
###chapter1737
Chapter 1737 It's Clearly a Final Draft
Ever since Vincent's mother adopted Rachel, she never interacted with anyone from the Markee family. 
To her, it was none of her business. She kept her family name solely because of her father, not the rest of the family. 
They have never treated me decently. How could they ask me to ignore that? 
Before James could say anything, Rachel began, "Uncle James, if that's all, please drop me off at the next turn." 
Since she had already made herself clear, James told the chauffeur to do as she said. 
But before she left the car, he said in a low voice, "Don't hastily settle on a decision now. There's a few days before the party." 
However, Rachel replied decisively, "I'm not going. He has so many grandchildren. I bet he won't be missing me. I have quite a busy schedule. See you around, Uncle James." 
She left without waiting for his reply, annoyed by the entire situation. 
The situation replayed itself in her mind as she went to the bar. After finding a seat, she sent the location to Elisa. 
'Babe, join me.' 
When Elisa received the notification, Will called her. 
Hence, she did not see the content of the message. 
"Elisa, aren't you coming over soon? Where are you?" 
Knowing they were to meet, he had been dressed up long ago and waited ardently for her arrival. However, as minutes and seconds passed, and she was nowhere to be seen, he lost his patience and called her. 
Elisa felt guilty about it. "I've been delayed by other matters – sorry about that. I… have to head back home to get the drafts and contracts. It might take a few hours to gather everything." 
She would have completely forgotten about their meeting if Will hadn't called her. 
Worried that he might be frustrated if she kept delaying, she told him the amount of time she needed upfront. After all, she had not prepared anything. 
Will smiled. "Don't worry about it. So as long as you're here, I'll wait for you no matter how long it takes." 
Elisa fell silent for a moment before finally replying, "Oh, no, that won't do. I've been so busy lately that things just keep slipping off my mind. Alright then, I'll go prepare the stuff. See you later." 
She didn't want to receive special treatment from him. 
Hence, she asked the chauffeur to turn around immediately so that she could get the drafts and the contracts. Then, she went to her office before making her way to the Darcey Residence. 
Mrs. Darcey didn't look kind at all, but she didn't attack Elisa verbally as she did the past few times. In fact, she didn't say a word to Elisa at all. 
Well, this is rare, Elisa thought in surprise. 
As soon as she saw Will, she passed the drafts to him. "These are the first drafts. I'll hand you the complete draft after the press conference for the newly released products. If you have any comments, I can quickly make the changes these days." 
Will's eyes lit up when he saw the drawing. 
First draft? This looks more like the confirmed draft! 
The costumes and the jewelry were a perfect match, complementing each other. She even drew the model's faces, each different for every draft. On top of that, everything was colored. 
This was what Will expected from her. 
At the same time, he felt slightly disappointed. Initially, he thought of making some remarks to keep in touch with her, but it was so perfect that nothing more needed to be said. 
However, Elisa interpreted his silence as disapproval. 
"Is there something wrong with the design, Will?"
###chapter1738
Chapter 1738 Love Seeped Through Everything
The drafts were completed before Elisa headed off to Moranta, and she had no time to edit them. 
The appointment with Will was just to hand over her work so far. She had been too busy to keep him updated, even though a significant time had passed since they agreed to work together. 
Will was pulled back to the present by her question. Looking at her serious expression, he shook his head. "I don't see any issues with these. Elisa, you should use your talent to churn out more designs. We could immediately take the spotlight from our competitors in the press conference. I'm confident I can make our companies the center of attention." 
With Elisa's drafts in his hands, he imagined the scene where Elisa was heralded as the greatest designer by the public. 
And he was not the only one with the confidence – Elisa also had similar thoughts. 
She had to grab these opportunities to strengthen Benett Corporation. Through the collaboration, she planned to solidify her position in the company so everyone had no excuses to use against her. 
The drafts she had just presented weren't enough to prove herself. Will had struck a point – she needed to create more designs and products. 
"Will, are you sure you're not just saying this to cheer me up? These are only the first drafts; you can't possibly finalize–" 
"Elisa, do you even need my validation? Be it the first draft or the final one, your work is precious to me. But you have to send me more of your drafts. After all, there's a lot of competition. I understand
your current predicament and will try my best to help you. We're friends, aren't we? It's better to help each other – it's a win-win situation." 
Will interrupted her quickly. Though none of his words were about his love for her, his feelings resonated in every sentence. 
Darcey Group was on par with Wickam Group. They could work with anyone they liked, yet Will chose Elisa. 
She nodded. "Of course. I will also follow up on the products. Are you free to talk about the Western Suburbs Project outside?" 
Elisa remembered that this project was Linda's focus. Why don't I take this opportunity to let them meet each other? 
Will nodded. "Sure, but it will be troublesome for you." 
Will did not plan to bring anyone else along. Now that he was wheelchair-ridden, Elisa had to help him out. 
They would look like a couple if she pushed him along. If this aroused people's attention and the news reached Gareth, it would benefit Will. 
Apart from that, this was an opportunity to spend more time with Elisa alone. We can get closer after spending more time together, Will thought. 
Elisa smiled. "We have a chauffeur and a wheelchair. I just have to navigate the wheelchair for you; it's
not like I have to carry you, so don't worry about it." 
Will nodded. "Well, as long as you don't mind. You have to tell my mom that you're bringing me for treatment. Otherwise, I won't be able to get out of the house." 
Marsha was strict in taking care of Will. With the hopes of speeding up his recovery, he was not allowed to go out to avoid any impediments to his recovery. 
Since it was a good excuse, Elisa didn't think much about it and made her way out with him. 
As soon as Marsha saw them heading out, she immediately blocked their way. 
"Where are you guys going? Look at the situation now! I can't believe you're in the mood to go out!" 
"Elisa is bringing me for treatment; it's not a walk in the park. I've already made myself clear last time. Why are you doing this again, Mom?" 
###chapter1739
Chapter 1739 Cheer Up
Will met her gaze and frowned in annoyance. 
"Doesn't she know how to get the treatment done at home? Why do you guys need to go out? You know your own situation, don't you?" 
Indeed, Will understood that he might be permanently disabled if any mishaps were to happen and that he needed to be careful with his recuperation process. 
However, he was unhappy with his mother's pointed questions when Elisa was around. 
Even if he could recover, he still had to depend on a wheelchair at that moment. Because of that, he lost all confidence in front of Elisa, feeling as though he was useless. 
His heart sank, but he quickly controlled himself. "I understand. That is why we have to use every opportunity to get treatment now. If you're worried, feel free to follow us, provided that you stop saying those awful things. It's better to keep your distance when Elisa is around. Let's go, Elisa." 
With that, he looked at Elisa, who pushed his wheelchair out of the house. 
In the end, Marsha didn't follow them. 
Marsha had spent a lot of money getting the best wheelchair for Will. Hence, it was not difficult for Elisa to navigate it. She got Will into the car easily. 
To care for him, she sat in the backseat with him. 
From the conversation moments ago, she knew there were some skirmishes between the mother and son. Nevertheless, she kept quiet, not wanting to add fuel to the fire. 
She didn't want Will to have a fight with his mother because of her. 
"Don't quarrel with your mom because of me. I will treat you before the press conference. At the same time, I hope you have the confidence and grit to overcome this obstacle." 
If Will wanted to return to normal, her treatment wasn't enough; he had to be determined. 
Hence, she wanted to come to a consensus with him beforehand. 
"Of course, but don't give yourself too much pressure. If it can't be helped, I won't blame you," he said earnestly with a nod. 
I don't want her to be stressed or worn out. I don't mind landing in such a state today to save her. The only misfortune is that I didn't get to meet her before Gareth and that I didn't fall for her before he did. I don't think I would lose to him if we had a fair competition. 
After all, Will had always been kind and gentle, though in the beginning, he was deliberately showing those values for his own motives. 
Still... 
Guilt overpowered Elisa when she heard that. "Don't say that. If you don't get well, this guilt will follow me forever. Will, I cannot allow you to be a cripple forever. Believe me, and you will return to normal soon, so cheer up." 
She tried her best to keep his legs in the operation just so that he had a chance to get well in the future. 
He gave a small smile. "I never doubted you, Elisa. I don't deny I had my own motives in the beginning. But after that, everything I've done has been genuine." 
"I know." 
She knew this since he protected her at the expense of his own life. 
###chapter1740
Chapter 1740 I Will Not Miss This Chance
Her reply shot daggers into Will's heart. 
She knew everything, yet she still drew a line between them, not giving him any chances. 
On top of that, she was not in love with anyone, and she had never wanted to reconcile with Gareth. 
The recent news of her with Gareth made Will's heart sink. He didn't want to upset Elisa, but he could not hold himself back anymore. 
"Since you know everything, why won't you give me a chance?" he asked, looking at her with melancholy in his eyes. 
"You have already divorced Gareth. How is he any better than me? Or do you think I'm not good for you now that I've become a cripple?" 
Elisa felt miserable hearing his self-ridiculed words. 
Shaking her head, she explained, "You have much better qualities than Gareth, but love isn't about this. I know your feelings are genuine, and I know your initial motives for approaching me are not there anymore. From the moment you shielded me, I treated you as a genuine friend, and I'm willing to give my life to you if you're in danger. I've never looked down on you because of your current state." 
A lump formed in Will's throat when he heard her last sentence. He had a lot on his mind that he almost blurted out, but he restrained himself. Why should I? 
Taking a deep breath to steady himself, he said, "Elisa, I don't need you to do anything in return. We're
doing good now. Even if you don't accept me now, you can't stop me from showing my feelings for you or exclude me from your plans. I believe I can move you one day." 
I will never give up on her – that's impossible. 
At the moment of life or death, the only thought in his mind was to keep Elisa safe. After that, it finally dawned on him what the most important thing was. 
Elisa was suddenly at a loss for words after hearing his proclamations. She had made herself clear, but his resolution was firm. 
What's the difference between him and the old me? I've already told him everything he needs to hear. Even if I tell him some more, it would be futile. 
"It's true that I can't stop you from doing whatever you want. But can we stop talking about private matters when discussing work?" 
"Of course," he immediately replied and stayed silent. 
After Elisa found a restaurant and ordered some dishes, she called Linda. 
"Melinda, I'm having a meal with Mr. Darcey at this place. Come join us - I'll send you the location. We're discussing the Western Suburbs Project. I won't accept no for an answer!" 
Will had heard stories about Melinda, the daughter who just returned to the Garner family. 
However, he was surprised that Elisa had gotten close to her in such a short time. 
Linda was taken aback by the sudden phone call, but the project enticed her. 
She was also following the progress of the project. 
Initially, she wanted to use the project to lure Elisa, but the Darcey Group was in charge of the bulk of the work. On top of that, Will was quite close with Elisa. 
Since Will and Elisa are going to be there, I will not miss this chance!
###chapter1741
Chapter 1741 Excessive Passion
"I'll be there. Let me get the bill for you and Mr. Darcey today." Linda offered generously. 
Elisa smiled. "Sure. See you." 
After Elisa hung up the call, Will asked her, "How do you want me to cooperate with you?" 
He noticed Elisa's profound smile. Just now, Elisa was gesturing to him, so he knew she was up to something, but he was curious about her plan and connection with Ms. Garner. 
Elisa didn't keep Will in the dark. "She's interested in the Western Suburbs project. She attempts to lure me into the game, so I'll get her in first." 
Elisa planned to wrap Linda around her little finger. Will nodded upon understanding her intention. 
Soon, Linda arrived. She even offered to serve Elisa and Will. 
While pouring Will a glass of water, she purposely spilled the water on Will and feigned a panicked look. "I-I'm so sorry, Mr. Darcey. I didn't mean it…" 
Will smiled gently. "It's okay." 
If Elisa hadn't mentioned Linda's motive, Will would think it was an accident. But now, her scheme became apparent as she deliberately messed with Will. 
"But your clothes are wet. What size do you wear, Mr. Darcey? Let me get one for you from the mall now." Linda pretended to be apologetic. 
Will smiled and quickly diverted the topic. "You don't have to. By the way, I heard from Elisa that you're interested in the Western Suburbs project too." 
Knowing that Linda did it on purpose, he wouldn't possibly reveal his shirt size. Moreover, it was impolite to do so. 
Linda nodded. "Yeah, I am. Mr. Darcey, you're the main person in charge. I hope you can give me a chance to compete. Through this project, I hope to establish my position in the Garner family." She said firmly and recognized her mistake. "It was my fault for accidentally wetting your shirt. I won't be at ease if I don't buy you a new shirt." 
Will looked at Elisa, who was eating while propping her head with one hand. She silently watched Linda putting on a show but didn't expect Will to cue her. "My initial plan is to give this project to Elisa, but since you're her friend, I can give you an opportunity. I'd like to see your detailed proposal." 
"Can I give it to you tomorrow? I'll go back and touch it up. I'll visit you personally at Darcey Group tomorrow when it's ready…" Linda became excited upon hearing Will's offer, but Will interrupted her coldly before she could finish her sentence. 
"You don't have to go to the company. I haven't been there recently." 
However, Linda was focused on the collaboration and the opportunity to approach Will, so she disregarded his aloofness and appeared passionate. "I see. Let's exchange our contact numbers then. I'll reach out to you when I'm ready." 
Will pressed his lips while Elisa nudged him softly. 
Finally, Will exchanged contact numbers with Linda for the sake of Elisa. 
Linda ended up paying for the meal. Not only that, she had not stopped fawning over Will throughout the meal.
###chapter1742
Chapter 1742 Are There Any Grudges Between You
Elisa observed Linda's reaction from the side. Little did she expect Linda to target Will. She even had the urge to capture the scene and send it to Gareth so Gareth would become aware of Linda's true colors. 
On the other hand, Will remained gentlemanly for the sake of Elisa until Linda left, and only then did he complain to Elisa. "Elisa, you got me a nuisance. This woman doesn't look smart anyway. I don't understand why you want to approach her and mess with her. The Garner family has no projects that are worth your attention." 
Although Benett Corporation was not as established as before, it secured collaborations with Darcey Group and some old, existing business partners. Besides, Gareth was always with Elisa. Will was aware of Benett Corporation's situation, so he made such a remark. 
Elisa smiled. "The Garner family has no attractive projects, but there's someone I'm going after. Can you please do me a favor and put aside your impatience?" 
Will fell silent upon understanding Elisa's meaning. Perceiving Will's reaction, Elisa regretted blurting the comment just now. Despite her intention to explain it, she was embarrassed to continue talking about it. 
Will read her mind and spoke up. "I can do you this favor. But can you help me out too?" 
Pressing her lips, Elisa hesitated briefly before answering, "I'll try my best. How can I help you?" 
She was curious about Will's request. Will remained silent for a few seconds before saying slowly, "My mother arranged many blind dates for me. I hope you can help me get rid of those people." 
"Sure." 
Elisa had no issue putting on an act as long as no real feelings were involved. 
Will gazed at Elisa affectionately and didn't expect her to agree readily. At the same time, he realized this indicated how important Melinda, the daughter whom the Garners reunited with not long ago, was to Elisa. 
At that thought, Will asked, "Are there any grudges between you and Melinda?" 
Elisa smiled. "If she's indeed the daughter of the Garner family, there can't possibly be grudges between us." 
Will immediately understood Elisa's point. "Who is she then?" 
If Melinda is not a real person, who is the one impersonating her? 
Linda was interested in Will, so Elisa thought she should inform Will about her identity. "She's Linda." Elisa answered frankly. 
Will's expression turned grim when he heard Linda's name. "Didn't she commit suicide on a live stream?" 
Why did she appear in public using another identity after committing suicide? Not only that, she seems to be interested in me. Does she plan to conquer me and leverage the Garner family's power to tackle Elisa? 
Will finally understood why Elisa wanted to lure 'Melinda' into the trap. 
He instantly made his position known. "I see. Since it's your plan, don't worry, I'll take care of the matter." 
"Thank you. In return, I'll help deal with your matters too." 
###chapter1743
Chapter 1743 Why Is He Here
Elisa extended her courtesy too. However, Will was dismayed by her remark. "Won't you help me if I don't do you a favor?" 
Elisa became awkward and quickly explained, "That's not what I meant. I-I'm…just giving you my promise like you did to me." 
Will was disturbed to see Elisa's nervous expression. In fact, he understood Elisa's intention but still asked the question because he was uncomfortable. 
He smiled. "I understand. But, Elisa, what if I ask for… Sigh, forget about it. I know you won't agree. I should stop talking nonsense." 
Will's smile turned rueful. 
Elisa was unsettled to see Will's response. Moreover, Will was in his current situation because of her. 
She pressed her lips and spoke hesitantly, "I know your feelings for me, Will, but I think it's better for us to be friends than lovers. Let's go. I'll send you home." 
Elisa pushed Will out of the room. 
Suddenly, a wild thought came to Will's mind. He clenched his fists and mustered his courage before saying, "I've been feeling unwell recently and don't feel like going home because I feel depressed in the lifeless home. Can I go to your place? If you bring me there, Gareth might stop pestering you. Meanwhile, my mother will give up too if she sees me go home with you. Don't worry. I can't do anything to you, given my current state, let alone I have no intention of doing anything to you." Will
made his intention clear. 
Elisa trusted Will. "Will, it's not that I don't trust you. I have no issue with bringing you to my place. You don't have to tell me all this. I have extra rooms for you too." 
"I'm hoping to get acupuncture treatment from you. It'll be even better if you have some foot bath therapy. I'm quite worried about my current condition." Will continued explaining. 
Elisa nodded. "Don't worry. I understand. Let's go." 
With that, Elisa pushed Will to her car. While they were on the way home, Rachel called again. 
"Elisa, have you seen my message?" Rachel asked. 
"Yeah, but it slipped my mind because I was busy with something else. Why are you in the bar at this hour? Come to my place. I have no time to go to the bar." 
Elisa frowned as she had a hunch that Rachel must have gotten into some trouble. She wouldn't go to the bar just because she was annoyed with Vincent. 
"Okay. I'm coming." Rachel replied, assuming Elisa was occupied due to Gareth and thought she was with him at that moment. 
She planned to give Gareth a good scolding at Elisa's place to dismiss his thoughts of pursuing Elisa and take the opportunity to vent her anger. 
To her surprise, she saw the wheelchair-bound Will upon arriving at Elisa's place. Startled, she pulled
Elisa aside. "Elisa, why is he here? Where's Gareth?" 
Elisa was confused. "You came here because you're troubled, aren't you? And the first question you ask is about Gareth. What's on your mind?" 
Rachel answered, "Nothing. I just thought you were occupied because of Gareth. When I spoke to you over the call, I had a hunch that…"
###chapter1744
Chapter 1744 Exactly
So, is this why Rachel readily agreed to come to my place? 
Rendered speechless, Elisa shook her head. "You've already told me off, so of course, I won't continue to be entangled with Gareth. I've done everything I should and said the words I should say. What would the others think of me if I continued staying beside Gareth?" She sighed. 
Rachel sniggered, "So, you're actually aware? What's the use of saying these superficial words? Your actions don't match your words! Despite me rebuking you many times, you still stubbornly stick with Gareth. If this continues for a few more years, I bet you'll have children with him!" Elisa was at a loss for words, being teased by Rachel. 
Indeed, she was stubborn and enthusiastic a few years ago. During the three years of marriage, her passion for Gareth was intense. Nonetheless, she wouldn't be as mindless as before, even though she was close to Gareth now. 
Elisa tugged at Rachel and said, "Let's stop talking about him. I'm not thinking of him now, and I don't want my mood to be affected because of him." 
Rachel respected Elisa's will and dropped the topic. 
She glanced at Will, who was seated in the wheelchair, and lowered her voice to ask Elisa, "Why did you bring him home? What's going on between you guys?" 
Could it be that the rumors revolving around Elisa and Will are true? 
Elisa was dumbstruck by Rachel's wild guess. What could there be between her and Will? 
She shook her head and answered solemnly, "What are you thinking, Rachel? Don't you know me? If there's something between us, it would have happened long ago." 
"I'm just worried about you! I know you well, but you won't simply bring outsiders home. So, I thought something was going on between you two. Furthermore, there were rumors about you guys previously… Elisa, I'm not saying that you guys are not suitable. I think he's a decent man, but his current condition…" 
Halfway speaking, Rachel nudged at Elisa and lowered her voice even more. She even secretly cast a glance at Will. 
Will was from an influential family and was as outstanding as Gareth. In fact, Rachel opined that Will was a better lover than Gareth. So, it would be a favorable outcome if Elisa ended up being with Will. However, Rachel was concerned with Will's condition because it might affect his lifetime. 
Elisa denied it. "I don't plan to be together with him. He didn't feel like going home and wanted me to treat his legs, so I brought him here. Even you have misunderstood us, let alone the others." 
If Will stayed at Elisa's place for a period of time, his mother and Gareth would probably believe they were in a relationship and stop pestering them. Elisa thought it was a win-win situation. 
"He didn't have to come home with you even if he didn't want to go home. There are plenty of hotels out there. Besides, he's so rich, so he must have a private villa. Don't tell me you guys are role- playing." Rachel was appalled at that thought. 
Elisa nodded. "Exactly." 
Rachel was taken aback and couldn't believe her ears. "Elisa, p-please don't do that. I'm afraid you'll fall in love with Will!"
###chapter1745
Chapter 1745 I'm So Conflicted
Elisa shook her head in resignation and smiled. It seemed like her plan was effective—not only did Rachel take it for real, but as a friend, she was also worried that Elisa would be in over her head. 
Elisa was touched by Rachel's concern, but it couldn't possibly happen. Only she knew her feelings best. 
Her feelings toward Will were complicated. She was grateful toward him and trusted him but had no romantic feelings for him. She thought their current condition was optimal. 
"Thank you, Rachel. I know you're worried because you care for me, but I'm in a different state of mind now. Romantic relationships don't matter to me that much anymore. Especially after experiencing a failed marriage, I don't want to ruin a precious friendship. Will and I get along very well as friends, but that's all. Moreover, I never consider him as a potential partner, to begin with." Elisa made a genuine remark. 
Perhaps, when she and Gareth separated, not only did she lose a marriage, but also she also lost her ability to love. She could never love someone that fervently and sacrificially again. 
Rachel stared at Elisa with her eyes filled with concern, feeling sorry for her, but Elisa shrugged nonchalantly. After all, the past had passed. 
"I feel conflicted now." Rachel sighed and hummed thoughtfully. 
Elisa cast an inquisitive glance at her. Rachel replied, "On one hand, I hope you can stay away from Gareth as far as possible forever. On the other hand, it seems like no one else can stir your emotions besides him." Elisa showed no expression as she listened to Rachel's comment. However, she was
stirred up deep down. She couldn't deny that Rachel was right to a certain extent. 
Why didn't she notice it before this? Or she chose to ignore it? 
"I don't want you to be entangled with him again, but at the same time, I think it's good to have someone taking care of you and loving you. Don't you think I'm conflicting?" 
Elisa shook her head with a faint smile. 
"Not at all. You're just worried for me. But I don't have the energy to think about these things now." 
"What about I move over to stay with you? I'm worried about your safety." 
Elisa was used to Rachel's impulsive and forthright character. Despite being concerned about Elisa, her suggestions weren't always realistic. 
Elisa rejected her proposal and gave several excuses before Rachel was finally dissuaded. She knew Elisa was insistent and would hardly change her mind. Sometimes, she even thought having strong- minded friends was not desirable. 
Rachel cast a side glance at Will and heard a sigh. After a long conversation, the topic came to no conclusion, just like the previous discussions. 
Finally, Rachel gave in but requested to stay for dinner, which Elisa gladly agreed. 
Meanwhile, Will was not interested in the two ladies' 'secret' conversation. He went into a room and rested until Elisa came. 
###chapter1746
Chapter 1746 I Might Be a Burden
Will propelled himself out of the room and glanced around the surroundings. "Have your friend left?" He asked. 
Rachel poked her head out of the kitchen and teased, "Mr. Darcey, are you hoping for me to leave? Sorry to disappoint you. I'm gonna stay to help Elisa clean your room and might stay for a meal. Hope you don't mind." 
"Of course not." Will wore a gentle smile. His soothing and magnetic voice was pleasing to the ear. 
Rachel beamed. "Glad to know." 
Later, Rachel helped Elisa to clean the house inside out while Will didn't stay idle either—he thoughtfully served the ladies drinks. 
Rachel was pleased to see Will's behavior. She was worried that Will would behave like a spoiled, rich man who was finicky and unhelpful. That would certainly make things difficult for Elisa. 
The three of them grew closer through the cleaning activities. Will, especially, could sense that Rachel had let her guard down and could get along with him. 
Will understood why Rachel resisted him. They had never interacted before this, so she wouldn't detest him for no reason. 
Therefore, he proved his attitude so that Rachel wouldn't hold her prejudice against him. 
None of them were in the mood to prepare dinner. Neither did they want to dine out, but they didn't
want to settle for something casual either. Finally, they decided that a steamboat was the best choice. 
Rachel was excited to buy the ingredients as she enjoyed having steamboats with friends. However, when she saw Will, she was reminded of something and suddenly became deflated. She sat down on the couch and mumbled, "I forgot you shouldn't eat spicy food, given your current condition." 
Will remained smiling and shook his head, signaling that he was fine. "I'm not too hungry. You two have worked hard today, so please eat what you want. Besides, I think it's fine to have some spicy food occasionally, right, Elisa?" 
Will secretly winked at Elisa while asking for her opinion. 
Elisa smiled. "Rachel's right. Spicy food is not good for your recovery." 
Rachel became more dejected when she heard Elisa's reply. Will frowned, too, thinking about how to persuade Elisa. 
Elisa saw through their minds and chuckled. "But…" She deliberately prolonged her tone. "You can rinse the food with water before eating to reduce the spiciness. Or, we can make two soups—a spicy one and a non-spicy one. We just need to get another pot while buying ingredients later." 
Immediately, Rachel's downcast look was replaced with a beam while Will wore a hearty smile too, which was different from his usual, polite smile. 
He was attracted to Elisa's subtle cheekiness and appropriate humor. At the same time, she was shrewd and decisive when it came to important matters. How could he easily let go of someone as excellent as Elisa? 
Will sighed inwardly while being amused by Elisa's remark. 
Elisa and Rachel planned to buy ingredients at a nearby market, while Will intended to stay back due to his disability. 
"Stay safe and come back soon. I shall not tag along since I won't be of any help and might even be a burden."
###chapter1747
Chapter 1747 What's That Smile About
Elisa hesitated for a moment before nodding. "Wait for us at home then. I'll buy you some toiletries." 
Will couldn't help smiling, listening to Elisa's instruction. A smile spread across his face and softened his aura. It seemed as if the smile had brought him and Elisa even closer. 
Elisa was slightly flustered. "What's that smile about?" 
Will shrugged. "I just think it's quite cute of you to tend to me before leaving." 
Eliza was startled while Rachel sensibly averted her gaze, knowing that she shouldn't eavesdrop on the others' intimate conversation. Nonetheless, she was impressed at Will's flirting skills. 
Elisa's silence made the atmosphere awkward. 
Will realized that his words had crossed the line from the perspective of a friend. "I'm getting hungry already. Get going and be back soon!" 
Elisa made no further comments and left with Rachel. 
Watching Elisa leave, Will regretted blurting his inner thoughts recklessly. 
Our dynamics finally became normal. I can't afford to sabotage our relationship again because of one comment. I have to better control my emotions! 
Meanwhile, Elisa was absent-minded for quite some time after leaving the house with Rachel. Rachel sensibly remained silent, thinking that Elisa was upset. 
Little did she know the person Elisa was reminded of at that moment… 
The two went home after buying a pot, some ingredients, and toiletries. 
On the dining table, the soup was boiling in the pot. 
Elisa picked up a piece of meat from the pot at the perfect time. If overcooked, the texture of the meat would be affected; if undercooked, it would make one sick. 
Rachel tasted the meat and exclaimed in satisfaction, "Elisa, I love having a steamboat with you! My other doctor friends would always educate me on the animals' anatomy, for example, which part of pork I'm eating now. You're the only one who won't give comments and even cook for us." 
Elisa remained silent briefly before saying, "The one you had just now was beef." 
"Ugh… Let's drop the topic." Rachel interrupted Elisa, regretting embarrassing herself. 
Will chimed in, "I'm quite interested in the topic. Why don't we continue?" 
The three of them exchanged glances and burst out laughing. The pleasant meal continued until Rachel was the last one left eating. 
Just then, someone knocked on the door. 
"Who would come at this hour?" Rachel muttered while Elisa went to answer the door. 
She was dumbstruck when she opened the door to see the visitor. 
"Who is it?" Rachel asked in a muffled voice while chewing food. 
Both she and Will thought something was off when they heard no response from Elisa. 
"Can I come in?" All three of them were stunned when the familiar, overbearing voice came forth. 
Rachel pushed Will to the entrance. Elisa was standing with her back facing them, so they couldn't see her expression. However, the visitor was tall enough not to be blocked by Elisa, so they caught sight of the familiar figure. 
Elisa's face instantly darkened as she didn't expect a person who was seriously ill to show up. 
###chapter1748
Chapter 1748 But Elisa Didn't Refute Him
Before Eliza flared up, Gareth spoke up sarcastically with a wide grin. "I didn't expect all of you to be here." 
Rachel felt a chill down her spine when she saw Gareth's grin, but she quickly suppressed her fluster because this matter concerned Elisa. She held her head up as her anger soon overcame the strange feeling. 
"What brings you here? Don't forget that you and Elisa have divorced. Stop pestering her like a shameless scumbag." Rachel retorted. 
Gareth disregarded Rachel's contempt and fixed his gaze on Elisa. 
Elisa wasn't intimidated by his glare. "Excuse me, Mr. Wickham. This is my place, and I didn't invite you. I hope you won't commit trespass." 
"Are you threatening me?" Gareth drew closer to Elisa and asked in his usual, domineering tone. His tall figure cast a shadow over Elisa, but the latter remained fearless. 
Rachel was thrilled to see Elisa finally step up her game. 
Although Rachel would criticize Gareth behind his back, she was intimidated when faced with him. Before she could help Elisa speak up, Elisa blurted hostilely, "I won't call it a threat. You're not welcome here, Gareth. Please stop embarrassing yourself." Before Eliza flared up, Gareth spoke up sarcastically with a wide grin. "I didn't expect all of you to be here." 
"What about him then?" Gareth mentioned Will, whom he had ignored from the start. 
He jerked his chin in Will's direction with his eyes filled with disdain. He didn't even bother to spare a glance at Will. 
"Are you guys together already? Are you so desperate for a man?" Gareth's remark was extremely harsh. He noticed the toiletries on the tea table and a suitcase, which signified that Gareth was going to live together with Elisa. 
No one could guarantee a man and a woman who lived under the same roof would not develop feelings for each other. 
Despite his illness, Gareth ignored Jeremy's obstruction and came to find Elisa, only to witness such a scene. How could he accept it? 
"Mr. Wickam, don't you think it's rude to say such words to a lady?" Will spoke up timely. He didn't interfere just now because he rather allowed Elisa to resolve the situation herself. However, he couldn't stand Gareth's harassment and questioning. 
Gareth shot a glare at Will. The atmosphere became more tense as the two men's gazes met. 
Rachel felt as if a war was about to unfold… 
"I'm not talking to you. Didn't your old man teach you not to interrupt when others talk and not to be a third wheel? I should visit Mrs. Darcey someday to find out if she taught you these or if you are self- taught." Gareth was merciless with his sharp tongue. 
On the other hand, Will was not a pushover and retorted with a smirk, "Do you and Elisa still have feelings for each other? You're humorous as always, Mr. Wickam." 
Will's remark pierced Gareth's heart like a sharp knife, but Gareth remained unaffected on the surface. He wasn't bothered by Will's comment because he wasn't that fragile to be hurt by it. However, what unnerved him was that Elisa didn't refute him! 
###chapter1749
Chapter 1749 There's The Door Goodbye
"It's none of your business. This is between Elisa and me. As the only son of the Darcey family, you need to think about carrying on the family line. Rumor has it Mrs. Darcey has been arranging blind dates left, right, and center for you. I wonder if your dates would care to hear about your current situation. 
"Besides, so what if Elisa and I don't have feelings for each other anymore? She is still my wife. You, on the other hand, who are you? What are you to her?" 
Gareth hit a sore point in Will. Will didn't know what to say. 
Although he sounded as easygoing as ever, Elisa could sense his anger. 
They'd spent so much time together that she had become more perceptive to his emotions. 
Just like Gareth never considered Will a serious competitor. 
Throughout their interactions, Gareth never looked Will directly in the eye. 
As Elisa had suspected, Gareth didn't see Will as a rival. 
She took a deep breath to compose herself. "Will and Rachel are both my friends. It is perfectly reasonable for them to be here in my house." Elisa looked Gareth in the eye, ensuring he understood every word she said. "As for you. You're the only one without an invitation. This is trespassing on private property. I'd like you to leave, Mr. Wickam." "It's none of your business. This is between Elisa and me. As the only son of the Darcey family, you need to think about carrying on the family line. Rumor has it Mrs. Darcey has been arranging blind
dates left, right, and center for you. I wonder if your dates would care to hear about your current situation. 
Elisa bit out his name. She was furious. This wasn't the first time Gareth had spoiled her good mood. 
Why couldn't he just leave her alone? Let them both move on with their own lives. 
Gareth stared at Elisa's flushed face. Memories of her blushing cheeks filled his mind. But this time, she was angry. 
"Why?" 
Gareth's question didn't make sense. 
What did he mean to ask? "Why are you treating me this way?", or "Why did you invite him?" or maybe, "Why won't you let me in?" 
Elisa had no intention of answering him, regardless of what he was trying to say. 
Her gaze was distant and cold as if he were nothing more than a stranger to her. This was Gareth's biggest fear. 
He could handle hatred or disgust, but he couldn't bear to see Elisa look at him so coldly. 
Because it meant she no longer cared for him. 
"There's no 'why'. Leave." 
"Don't look at me like that." 
They were at an impasse. Gareth refused to leave while Elisa stared at him, refusing to let him in. 
Gareth stared back at her. 
Why was she looking at him like that? It was as if she was trying to erase everything they had between them. 
"I came looking for you as soon as I was released from the hospital, and this is the welcome I get? Don't let him stay here, please?" 
Gareth's earlier demanding manner dissolved. He now resembled a kitten left out in the cold and wet. 
The abrupt change left Rachel dumbfounded. 
It was the first time she had ever seen Gareth so distraught. 
But that wasn't enough for her to feel empathy for him. 
Rachel went back to looking indifferent. 
Meanwhile, Elisa gestured towards the door, "There's the door. Goodbye." 
Elisa could not be more straightforward. 
Elisa reached out to close the door, but Gareth didn't budge. 
Her impatience showed. 
Realizing Gareth was not planning on moving at all, Elisa shoved him.
###chapter1750
Chapter 1750 Unwelcome Guest
Gareth never imagined she would do something like that. Sadness engulfed him. 
Elisa took advantage of his distraction and slammed the door shut. 
"Slam!" 
The sound reverberated throughout the house. 
Elisa treated him like an enemy. She didn't want to spend a single second with him. 
Gareth stared at the closed door. His expression was tense and cold. He stood there alone for a long, long time… 
Inside, Elisa wasn't in a good mood after Gareth had left. She quietly went back to her room. 
Rachel and Will both silently agreed to leave her alone. 
However, Rachel had to leave for work. 
Before leaving, Rachel glanced at Elisa's closed door and said to Will, "Elisa isn't doing well, Mr. Darcey. Please keep an eye on her. Call me if anything else happens. As for Gareth… You need to work harder to make sure she never sees him again!" 
He, more than anyone else, wished for Elisa never to see Gareth again. He knew Rachel was worried he'd be stuck in a wheelchair forever and be a burden to Elisa. Gareth never imagined she would do something like that. Sadness engulfed him. 
He will never let that happen. 
Rachel left after Will promised to look after Elisa. 
But Rachel texted Elisa on the way to work: 
Rachel: 'Elisa, Gareth is gone. Don't let whatever he says or does ruin your mood. I'll be at the office. Something came up at work. Rest well. Let me know if you need anything.' 
Elisa: 'Okay.' 
Elisa replied with just one word and put down the phone. 
She was tired, but at the thought of Will all alone in the house, Elisa composed herself and left her room. 
To their surprise, another unexpected guest arrived in less than an hour. 
Will was the one who opened the door. 
He frowned when he saw it was his mother. "Why are you here, Mom?" 
Even though Will had moved in with Elisa to make a point to his mother and Gareth, he didn't expect both to find out so soon. 
Mrs. Darcey sneered, "What? I can't even visit my son?" 
Will's head started to pound at his mother's taunts. 
"That's not what I meant. But you should at least let me know when you're coming. I'd go pick you up." Will handled his mother skillfully. It wasn't his first rodeo with her. Elisa couldn't help but sympathize with him. 
At the same time, she couldn't just stand by and do nothing. 
She couldn't exactly shut the door in his mother's face and pretend not to be home. 
That would be counterintuitive to their plan. 
Elisa took a deep breath, gathered herself, and approached the door. 
Mrs. Darcey stopped looking around as soon as she caught a glimpse of Elisa. She was obviously looking for Elisa. 
Elisa let out a barely audible sigh. It looked like his mother had come prepared. 
"Hello, Mrs. Darcey." Elisa greeted her politely. 
Elisa was all politeness and decorum despite knowing Mrs. Darcey disliked her. She was not about to give Mrs. Darcey another reason to hate her. 
Mrs. Darcey sniffed loudly, not hiding her disdain for Elisa. 
###chapter1751
Chapter 1751 Brainless!
Elisa was unfazed. 
Before Mrs. Darcey could speak, Elisa said, "Mrs. Darcey, would you like to come in and have a seat." 
Mrs. Darcey stepped into the house with her nose up high. Her security detail followed behind her. 
They all wore black suits with sunglasses. They looked like extras from The Matrix. 
It was a show of force. Did she come to force Will to return with her? 
Elisa was bewildered. 
"Ms. Benett," said Mrs. Darcey, "Your entire house could fit into my maid's quarters. The impertinence..." 
"What impertinence are you talking about?" Will cut his mother off. "Mother, could you pretend to be less bitter, please?" 
Will's face was as dark as a storm cloud. 
He positioned his wheelchair so that Elisa was behind him. 
Elisa didn't feel comfortable about this. 
She didn't think Will would still try to protect her in his current state. 
"Bitter?" Mrs. Darcey scoffed. "Isn't Elisa's insolence to blame for my bitterness?" She shot back. 
"She didn't gain anything from divorcing Gareth. Neither does she have any authority at Benett Corporation. Can't you see she's trying to change her fortune by sinking her nails into you? Will Darcey! Did you hurt your head along with your leg?!" Elisa was unfazed. 
Before Mrs. Darcey could speak, Elisa said, "Mrs. Darcey, would you like to come in and have a seat." 
Mrs. Darcey was being excessively harsh. 
She had deliberately chosen those words to hurt Will. 
But she had no choice. She needed Will to realize the truth. 
It was one thing to keep her near him to continue treatment. However, falling in love with her and marrying her was unacceptable. 
Elisa could no longer tolerate listening to this. She grabbed the handles of Will's wheelchair and pushed him to the side. She didn't want Will to argue with his mother because of her. 
Looking straight into Mrs. Darcey's eyes, she said, "I don't care if you hate me, but do you have to be so harsh towards your own son?" 
Although Elisa wasn't happy about the current situation, her eyes darted towards Will, hoping Mrs. Darcey would get the hint. 
The best thing for Will right now was to remain calm. Yet, here was his mother, attacking him verbally and through her actions. 
There was no way Mrs. Darcey did not get what Elisa was trying to tell her. 
But! 
She could not allow Elisa to stay by Will's side. It wasn't just because staying together long term could lead to problems in the future, but also because people would start to gossip if they ever found out about Will and Elisa living together. 
Mrs. Darcey needed to stop that from happening. 
"The only reason I am harsh is because of you, Elisa." Mrs. Darcey made sure there was no room for misunderstanding. "If only you had stayed away from Will, he wouldn't have developed feelings for you. He wouldn't have gotten hurt. The Darcey family has shown more than enough mercy towards you for not demanding your life as…" 
Elisa cut her off with a snicker. "Who are you to demand my life?" She scoffed. 
Her indifference could not be mistaken. 
After all, Will's mother was Will's mother. Otherwise... 
###chapter1752
Chapter 1752 Call The Police
Elisa would not let her go so easily. 
Will didn't want their argument to escalate. He wheeled himself back in between them. 
Frustration and displeasure were written all over his face. "Mother, can you please stop? I'm not a child anymore!" 
He basically meant he didn't need her to micromanage everything he did! 
Despite everything else, Will still cared about his relationship with his mother. He tried not to be too harsh with her. 
But couldn't she read between the lines? 
"You have three choices." Mrs. Darcey threatened. "Come back with me on your own will, or they will drag you back, or I will tear this place apart?" 
Elisa had seen this coming a mile away. Mrs. Darcey only brought her security team with her to force Will into going back with her if he refused. 
And she was even threatening Elisa and her home. 
But Elisa wasn't easily frightened. 
"Do whatever you please," Elisa smirked. "If you're not worried about me calling the police on you." 
Without waiting for her response, Elisa spun on her heel and walked away. 
She had no intention of engaging in further conversation with Mrs. Darcey. 
"Mother, can you please stop?" Cried Will in exasperation. 
His reasons for staying at Elisa's were one, to provoke Gareth, and two, to let his mother know he had made his choice. He had chosen Elisa, and nothing would change his mind. 
He didn't want to go on anymore blind dates. 
Will thought his mother would stop arranging those dates for him after she saw he had made up his mind. He thought she would give in and stop forcing him to go on those dates. 
But she only made it worse! 
Planting herself onto the couch, Elisa pulled out her phone and started a game as if she was completely oblivious to Will's and his mother's argument. 
Mrs. Darcey glared at Will. "Will you stop if I stop? None of this would have happened if only you'd listen to me…" 
"Why should I listen to everything you tell me to do? I'm not a child. Carry on if you want to see me in a wheelchair for the rest of my life." 
Will cut her off before she could finish her sentence. 
"Call the police." Will turned and nodded toward Elisa. 
Mrs. Darcey was in disbelief. "Will! You! I'm your mother! Has she already succeeded in wrapping you around her finger?" 
Mrs. Darcey couldn't believe her son would side with Elisa. He was asking her to call the police on his own mother! 
Report her for trespassing? 
Mrs. Darcey felt a chill in her heart. 
Everything she had done, she had done for him. And yet he… Not only was he disobeying her, but Will also chose to stand with Elisa. 
Mrs. Darcey could feel the rage in her bubbling over. 
"Grab him and teach that woman a lesson." She ordered the men she had brought with her. 
Mrs. Darcey was so furious she could barely see straight. 
"Touch her if you dare!" 
Two voices yelled out in unison. Both were icy cold, and threatening. 
One belonged to Will. He wheeled himself over in front of his mother. Mrs. Darcey turned and saw Gareth had arrived. His eyes were like shards of ice. 
Elisa was also surprised when she heard Gareth's voice. 
Gareth was extremely pale!
###chapter1753
Chapter 1753 How Can You Compare Yourself To Will?
Gareth stepped in front of Elisa, protecting her. 
Despite his less-than-ideal complexion, his stature and broad shoulders were intimidating. 
Mrs. Darcey could demand anything of Will. She could even order him not to resist, but she had no power over Gareth. 
She had to feign respect for Gareth, at least. 
But that didn't mean she was happy about it. 
Who did Elisa think she was? Why were Will and Gareth, two of the most eligible bachelors in Bayswe, willing to protect and fight for her? 
Her resentment was written all over her face. "The both of you are blind. Why couldn't any of you have chosen a lady from a respectable family who has never married before? I wouldn't be so angry then. All this for a divorced woman?" 
Mrs. Darcey couldn't help but despise Elisa. 
Elisa found the entire thing hilarious. Her family is nothing but respectable. If hers weren't respectable enough for Mrs. Darcey, which family would be? 
Elisa had planned to be civil and polite towards Mrs. Darcey, but Mrs. Darcey had stepped on a landmine. Elisa crossed her arms and glared at Mrs. Darcey. 
But before she could say a word, Gareth butt in, "I wasn't aware you had such an opinion about my private life. I never knew you liked sticking your nose into other people's affairs, Mrs. Darcey." 
Gareth sneered. He didn't care about embarrassing her. 
Although Will could stand up to his mother for Elisa, he was still her son. He couldn't stand by and watch his mother be disrespected. 
"Gareth, my mother was talking about me." Will spoke up. "Don't take it personally. We will resolve our issues on our own. Take your people and leave." 
Will gestured to his mother. 
Mrs. Darcey cared about how Gareth saw her, but she didn't feel the same way about Will. She gave her security team a look. The men surged towards Will without warning. 
Will wasn't a match for them confined to a wheelchair, 
In just a few minutes, Will had been taken against his will. He hated having to go with them, but he wasn't going to scream and struggle with Gareth and Elisa watching. 
Elisa couldn't exactly stop Mrs. Darcey from taking her own son, and Gareth was even less likely to help Will. 
Elisa waved towards Gareth after Will was gone. Gareth clutched his chest when a cough racked through his body. He staggered towards the couch. 
"I don't feel so good…" 
Gareth clutched his chest. His skin was devoid of any color. He looked so weak and sickly. 
Elisa looked at him coldly. 
Gareth couldn't keep pretending like her indifference did not affect him. "Do you think this is all an act? Will and I were trying to protect, but why do you treat us so differently?" Gareth finally asked. 
Oh, so we're making comparisons now. 
Elisa chuckled. She shook her head as if she had just been told the most hilarious joke. "How can you compare yourself to Will?" 
"Why not?" Gareth frowned. His expression turned dark and stormy. 
Elisa fell silent. She thought of arguing with him, but on second thought, it wasn't worth the energy. 
What would be the point of explaining everything to Gareth? 
"I'll call Jeremy for you."
###chapter1754
Chapter 1754 Death Is Preferable
Elisa pulled out her phone. 
Gareth watched her silently. His black eyes bore down on her uncomfortably. 
The feeling of being stared at annoyed Elisa. 
While she was looking for Jeremy's number, when Gareth said, "Do you think I'll be here if he could handle it?" 
Jeremy idolized Elisa. It was Gareth's own idea to come looking for Elisa and also because Jeremy had advised him to. 
Gareth had no problems utilizing his injuries as long as it kept Elisa by his side. 
"You can't stay here. I can't help you either. If you're not still feeling unwell, I suggest looking for someone else, Gareth." Elisa pursed her lips and finally dialed Jeremy's number. 
Gareth didn't say anything. Elisa had no intention of furthering the conversation either. They fell into silence. Gareth could hear the dial tone from Elisa's phone. 
Gareth shot to his feet. He stood over her, grabbed the phone out of her hand, and ended the call. 
Gareth glared down at her and growled, "I left the hospital. Contacting him is pointless. I don't want to stay in the hospital any longer!" 
Gareth did not hide the upset in his voice.
Elisa could hear it. 
So what if he was upset? She wasn't happy about it either! 
What made him think he could come to her after leaving the hospital? 
Was her home a shelter? 
"Gareth, didn't Jeremy tell you about your condition? You're courting death! Call him to come get you and contact specialists to look into your situation!" 
Elisa shook her head in exasperation. She reached out to retrieve her phone. 
Gareth held her phone out of reach and turned it off. 
"If we can't be together in life, then death is just sweet release." Gareth's gaze was unwaveringly firm. 
He stared into Elisa's eyes, letting her know he was 100% serious. 
Elisa couldn't believe what she was hearing. He would prefer death to a life without her? 
Did he fear a future where he would be alone, burdened by illness and suffering, without anyone to care for him? 
Elisa didn't know how to respond. "If you're worried about your illness, you can easily reach out to specialists with more experience in the medical field and caring for someone with your condition. I'm
not the only one capable of treating you. Besides, don't you still have Linda? As long as you are together, she will do everything she can to make you happy." 
Linda would do a far better job than Elisa could at that. 
Moreover, Gareth had feelings for Linda and not… 
"Why do you need to bring Linda up?" Gareth interrupted her train of thought. "There's nothing between Linda and me. I'm just indebted to her because she saved me. That was why I cared for her and looked after her. I have no other feelings towards her besides that." 
Elisa couldn't believe the words coming from Gareth's mouth. She stared at him with her mouth agape. 
Was the person before her truly Gareth? 
"You don't have to explain yourself to me. Our relationship is in the past."
###chapter1755
Chapter 1755 To What Extend Can I Deceive You?
Elisa was taken off guard, but she quickly regained her composure. 
She couldn't allow herself to be moved by whatever Gareth said. Rachel had warned her earlier about this. 
Elisa waved a hand at the door, "Are you leaving or not? I'll scream if you don't leave at once!" 
Gareth sneered at her. 
Gareth was well known for not being the most expressive, but lately, Elisa witnessed his various smiles and laughter. This time, however, his smile seemed… Sinister. 
He did not need to say anything, but his eyes said, "Try it. Just try it!" 
Elisa was shocked. 
She quickly said, "I don't want to draw attention while your position is at stake. Gareth, think about the headlines that would make." 
Gareth shrugged it off. "We've made plenty of headlines since we returned from Moranta to Bayswe. What's one more?" 
This reminded her of Will. 
Not only were there articles written about her and Gareth but there were also equally as many written
about her and Will. 
Her reputation was in the mud, and netizens were having a field day writing hateful comments about her. 
Elisa glared at him in disdain. "And who's to blame for that? If only you had stayed away from me and not butt your nose into my affairs, the tabloids would have nothing to write about!" 
Gareth was to blame for constantly getting involved in her life. 
Thankfully, no one was watching or following them today. Otherwise, this would make headlines in tomorrow's news. 
Gareth pursed his lips. He took a while to compose his response before answering her sincerely. 
He even apologized to her. "I know I'm to blame. Ever since I saw a different side to you, I have wanted to get to know you better. And now… Now I wanted to make up for all of my mistakes. Elisa, I can feel my health worsening. I…" 
Elisa's chest tightened. 
Gareth spoke as if he was resigned to his death and wanted to say his goodbyes to her. 
Elisa couldn't deny he had saved her even after Nicole had poisoned him. 
If Gareth had not been vigilant, Elisa would be dead by now! 
Elisa cut him off, "Stop talking nonsense. Right now, it would help if you focused on resting, treatment, and stop running away from the hospital. I refuse to believe Jeremy did not explain your condition to you. Or you… Are you and Jeremy trying to deceive me?" 
Elisa suddenly remembered something Rachel had told her before. 
Gareth had deliberately tried to deceive her multiple times in the past. It was more than likely this was one of those times. 
"How much do you think I can deceive you in my current state?" Gareth countered. 
He coughed a couple of times. 
Elisa remained unmoved, but Gareth started to sway. 
Elisa wanted nothing more than to ignore him but couldn't just sit there and do nothing. 
She steadied him and felt his pulse. It was as Jeremy had said. Gareth was far from okay! 
Elisa pursed her lips. Her expression was a mixture of grimness and annoyance. 
She wanted to kill him! 
How dare he run around recklessly when his body was in this state!
###chapter1756
Chapter 1756 You Might As Well Die Now!
She dragged him onto the couch. 
While Gareth didn't know what Elisa was trying to do, he felt relieved when he saw her anger. 
Her getting angry with him meant she still cared about him. 
That meant he still had a… 
"You dare smile right now? Gareth, are you completely unaware of your current condition? One wrong move, and you could rupture an artery and die! Lie down and do not move!" The smile on his face infuriated her. 
She was telling him off, but Gareth grabbed her hand and asked, "If my condition is as bad as you claim it is, why am I lying on the couch? Wouldn't a bed be more comfortable for me?" 
Gareth understood what Elisa was trying to do. He asked her with a smile. 
Elisa rolled her eyes at him. "Lie down and do not move. I'm calling Jeremy to have you transferred back to the hospital. Don't worry. This time, instead of the emergency department, you'll have a VIP room for long-term stay. If the noise is too much, you can ask Jeremy to reserve the entire floor for you!" 
Elisa tried to snatch the phone from him. 
But he was too fast. 
Gareth raised his hand higher. He was so tall there was no chance Elisa could reach it. 
"Gareth, you can't keep dragging this on!" 
"Can you stop acting so childish?" 
Elisa yelled at him. Hoping he'd understand the seriousness of his situation. She yelled at him again when he did not reply. 
"I'm not being childish." Gareth remained firm. "I'm telling the truth. You're the only one I trust to treat me. I don't trust anyone else. Besides, with my current condition, seeking treatment from someone else would only cause more harm." 
Elisa was speechless. 
He made it sound like she was the only one capable of treating him. 
But what about before? Why didn't he appreciate her then? Why was he clinging onto her now when they had divorced, and it was too late? 
"Jeremy isn't someone else." Elisa frowned. "In any case, I've done everything I can here. There's nothing more I can do even if you insist." 
Elisa took a step back, creating distance between her and Gareth. 
"Are you really going to watch me die?" Gareth asked softly. 
Jeremy and Vincent had given him plenty of advice on how to win back Elisa's heart. Vincent, in particular, had told him persistence was vital. 
It was the only way to draw Elisa's attention to him. Rachel and Vincent were the perfect example. This was why Gareth was being so stubborn. 
Elisa was dumbfounded. She couldn't believe what Gareth was saying. 
"It's like you're a completely different person, Gareth." Elisa said in disbelief. "Are you possessed, or did someone teach you to say these things?" 
"No one taught me anything, nor am I possessed. I'm just telling you the truth. If you could do nothing and watch me die, you would have ignored me in Moranta. You would have ignored me after we divorced." 
Gareth was convinced. 
Elisa did not want to entertain this conversation any longer. 
"Go ahead and die then!" She glared at him, spun on her heel, and walked away. But… 
###chapter1757
Chapter 1757 Conditions
How could Gareth let her go so easily? 
He held onto her hand, refusing to let go. 
Elisa could feel his pulse as she tried to shake him off. 
It was weak and irregular. 
Elisa couldn't help but remember Gareth taking a bullet for her. 
She softened towards him in the end, "Gareth, how can I talk some sense into you? Being stubborn will do you no good." 
She feared the worst-case scenario that Jeremy was worried about. 
Elisa sighed. "Lie down and rest. I can't have you running back and forth from the hospital like this. You can stay here for now under one condition." 
She helped him up. 
They were once married, after all, and he had defended her in front of Mrs. Darcey. Elisa couldn't watch him leave in such a sorry state. 
Gareth was elated by Elisa's change of heart. What conditions? Just name them! 
But he couldn't appear too eager. "What do you think I'm capable of in my current state?" 
He coughed again. 
Elisa and Jeremy both agreed his condition was severe. He could feel its strain on his body, but he could handle it. Gareth's body needed to withstand the tests Jeremy was conducting on him. 
Elisa didn't say a word. Now that she thought about it, Gareth had arrived when she, Rachel, and Will were having dinner. She realized Gareth must have stayed. Otherwise, he wouldn't have arrived when Mrs. Darcey appeared. 
"Have… Have you had dinner?" 
Elisa pursed her lips. Food was vital especially to someone with Gareth's condition. He wasn't fainting on her watch. 
It was fine. She could handle one meal. 
Gareth stared at Elisa from the couch. She was close enough for him to see how pale her skin was. Her collarbones… 
"I'm talking to you. I'll make you something if you haven't eaten yet." Elisa interrupted his thoughts. 
Gareth shook his head. 
He hadn't eaten since he left the hospital. 
"Then rest well for now. I'll make something for you to eat." Said Elisa. "Take your pills after you're done
eating. I don't want to see you wandering around. It won't do you any good." 
"If I'm staying with you, should you tell Jeremy to send my medication and equipment here?" Gareth grabbed a pillow and put it under his head. 
Elisa, "…" 
She was driven speechless by his audacity. Send his medication and equipment here? Was he treating her place as a hospital or a shelter? 
She wanted to say something but held her tongue after some thought. "You're not staying here long term. It'll affect both of our lives." 
Gareth frowned and asked, "What should I do then? I can't move around. How about selling me this apartment? I'll pay you to treat me. How does that sound?" 
Gareth sounded like he was begging her. 
Elisa didn't expect Gareth to come up with this idea. Nor did she think he would plead with her in this manner. She shook her head. "Selling the apartment is out of the question. Forget about paying me. I'm partly to blame for your condition anyways. All I want you to do is stop acting and saying things that are out of character." 
###chapter1758
Chapter 1758 Mustn't Lose His Pride
Gareth remained silent. Bitterness welled up in his heart. 
He couldn't believe Elisa thought his honest, heartfelt words were out of character. 
But how could he deny it? 
All he needed to do was follow Vincent's and Jeremy's advice. Gareth believed staying by her side, and their history as husband and wife would give him the necessary advantage over Will. 
"Fine." Gareth nodded. 
With his agreement, Elisa turned and headed to the kitchen. 
Meanwhile, Will was being dragged away against his will. He started to fight back once he was in the car. Ignoring all of them, Will turned his wheelchair and rolled towards the door. 
Even if it meant falling and hurting himself… 
Mrs. Darcey glared at his antics. "You maintained your pride while Elisa was around. And now you're throwing everything aside to go back to her. Do you think your pride will remain intact after everything?" 
Before Will could say anything, Mrs. Darcey continued to taunt him, "Look at the pitiful state you're in, Will!" 
Her words were like a stab in the heart. 
She was right. He was in a pitiful state. He was confined in a wheelchair. Surrounded by so many bodyguards, he could do nothing but submit. 
In his current state, there was no way he was on par with his love rival. He could deny it all he wanted. As long as he was stuck in this wheelchair, he was inferior. 
And now, even his own mother was ridiculing him. Will was ladened with sadness and self-pity. 
"I was doing fine with her. Why did you have to interfere? You call me pitiful, but you're the one who made me this way!" 
Will laughed bitterly. He compared himself stuck in a wheelchair to Gareth, tall and disdainful. 
He remembered when Gareth brought up he and Elisa were husband and wife. Just that alone, Gareth would always have a special place in Elisa's heart. 
Gareth must be with Elisa right now. Going back there would only be humiliating! 
Will experienced a sorrow that he had never felt before. 
And his mother? 
She completely disagreed with Will. "What do you mean you were doing just fine?" She snorted. "You and Elisa aren't in a relationship. She is still entangled with her ex-husband. What does that make you, Will? Wake up! I'm not interfering. Can't you see I'm trying to guide you back to the right path?" 
Mrs. Darcey grew agitated when she saw Will in anguish. 
Of all people, why did he need to fall for Elisa, a divorcee?! There was nothing wrong with being divorced. But Gareth and Elisa were still clinging on to each other. 
Losing control of his emotions, Will screamed at her, "I don't need you to guide me back to the right path. I'm not a child. I know what I'm doing. Can you stop trying to interfere?" 
"Fine! I won't interfere. I'll sit by and watch Elisa brainwash you. Will, even if Elisa is the only one capable of healing your legs. Can't you treat her as a doctor? Do you really need to…" 
"Stop! I don't want to listen to this. We're going home." 
Will cut his mother off. His eyes were like shards of ice. He knew he had little choice now that he was in the car. 
Even if he did not understand before, he understood now. 
He mustn't lose his dignity around Elisa!
###chapter1759
Chapter 1759 How Do You Know So Well?
Rachel returned to the firm and dealt with an urgent case before calling Elisa. "Gareth hasn't been harassing you, has he?" 
"Will was taken away by his mom. Gareth is now here." Elisa didn't hide it from Rachel. 
Rachel heard the noises of an oil extractor hood on the phone. 
Rachel was immediately displeased. She never thought that even after what had happened, Gareth was still shameless. Still, she was more enraged that Elisa was tenderhearted over Gareth! 
Rachel immediately ended the call in a rage and got up in a huff. 
But Sheena stopped her at the door. "Are you going to look for Liz?" 
"Of course! She's really infuriating me. I didn't stop her previously. If I don't stop her now, won't she fall for Gareth for the second time?" 
Rachel spoke nastily because she thought of how Elisa was wavering. She felt annoyed and restless. 
Sheena pulled Rachel and pursed her lips. "Rachel, what's happening between Gareth and Liz isn't like what you think. They…" 
"If it's not what I think, what is it like? Sheena, what do you mean by this? Are you on Gareth's side? Do you support the two of them being together?" 
Rachel interrupted Sheena angrily when she heard what Sheena said. She asked Sheena a series of
questions, baffled. 
Sheena shook her head and sighed. "I'm not saying I support them. We indeed see things clearly because we're not involved. But it's their business how their relationship develops. We shouldn't interfere." 
Sheena saw how Gareth had protected Elisa in front of the cameras when they had previously trended on the searches. 
Gareth's expression and actions were filled with affection for Elisa. As for Elisa, she seemed distant and indifferent about Gareth, but in fact, she still had feelings for him. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't get close to him. 
They made a great pair as a couple. If they could reconcile, one of Elisa's wishes would be fulfilled. 
Rachel disagreed with Sheena. "It's not that I want to interfere. I support everything she did in the past, but Gareth is a scum. Look at how he was with Linda when he threw the divorce papers at Elisa. He never considered Elisa at all. If it was a misunderstanding, Elisa's true feelings were ruined. How can he push Elisa far away when he's clueless but wants to pursue her again after discovering how amazing she is? How can this be?" 
Rachel was incensed when she thought about Gareth's behavior. 
Especially when Gareth had protected Linda but hurt Elisa in the past. 
The more Rachel thought about it, the more outraged she grew. 
But Sheena pointed out something bluntly. "You only have the nerve to voice out your indignation in private. Do you dare to confront Gareth in person?" 
Rachel could criticize Gareth in person, but if he kept a straight face and spoke viciously to her, Rachel would still feel afraid. After all, Gareth had such an imposing demeanor. 
Rachel immediately felt embarrassed. How does Sheena know me so well? 
"Sheena, tell me honestly. Are you still majoring in psychology?" Rachel hugged Sheena as she spoke. 
Sheena laughed and said, "It's just superficial knowledge. Don't interfere too much in their affairs. Look at you and Vincent…" 
###chapter1760
Chapter 1760 It Wasn't Deliberate
Rachel's expression immediately changed when Sheena mentioned Vincent. "What's up with Vincent and I? This has nothing to do with us!" 
Rachel had a terrible expression, mainly because of Vincent's words and actions. 
She was in a bad mood when he was mentioned or if she thought about him. 
Sheena smiled. "I'm just using you as a comparison. Vincent asked for my help, so he must have also asked Liz. But Liz and I never interfered much with you and Vincent because it's pointless for us to interfere in your relationship. If it's meant to be, you'll get together. If it's not meant to be, like you and Vincent, how can we matchmake the two of you when you have such a clear stance?" 
Rachel couldn't deny that what Sheena said made sense. 
But Gareth… 
Upon seeing Rachel silent, Sheena said, "Perhaps he's turned over a new leaf. There was nothing substantial between Gareth and Linda. If Gareth has genuinely repented, it would be good for him and Elisa to reconcile and reunite." 
Saying that Gareth had turned over a new leaf was a bit of an exaggeration because Gareth hadn't changed much. 
Gareth and Elisa were a well-matched couple. It would be alright as long as Gareth treated Elisa well. 
Before Rachel could say anything, Sheena patted her shoulder. "Alright, let's go shopping. They can deal with their own affairs." 
"… Alright." 
Rachel could only concede. 
As for Elisa, she had already made a meal for Gareth after hanging up. 
She served Gareth the food and thought of the injuries on his body. When she carried the food to the side table near him, she reached out to pull him up slowly. 
"Quickly eat. I'm going to make a call." 
Rachel must be furious. If I don't call her back, she… 
Gareth covered his chest. He looked like he was in pain and agony. "It hurts slightly." 
"Does it hurt a lot?" 
Gareth didn't seem like he was pretending. 
Gareth's brows furrowed tightly. "Not a lot, but there's a stabbing pain." 
"Lie down and don't move." Elisa helped him lie down. After that, she felt his pulse. 
There were no irregularities in his heart. Logically speaking, he shouldn't be in pain. 
Elisa pulled her hand away and had a solemn expression. "Are you sure?" 
"Do you think I'm faking it? I took a bullet here…" 
Before Rachel could say anything, Sheena patted her shoulder. "Alright, let's go shopping. They can deal with their own affairs." 
Gareth didn't move his hand away from his chest. His voice was slightly hoarse. 
Elisa thought about it. Perhaps the involved nerves were hurting after he was injured. 
Elisa hesitated but picked up the food in the end. She slowly moved it to his mouth. "I'll feed you. You can't skip meals." 
I can call Rachel later. 
Gareth was very cooperative, and Elisa was thorough. 
She fed him water every few bites. 
Gareth was delighted by such a heartfelt scene. 
A thought even appeared in his mind. It would be great if we could always stay like this. 
"Hmm? What are you thinking about? Are you full?" 
Upon seeing Gareth spacing out, Elisa couldn't help but furrow her brows and ask him. 
Gareth quickly returned to his senses and denied it. "No. I just suddenly thought of something." 
"Can you think about your work later? Finish your food now. I'm only doing this because you're injured. I'm not your babysitter. You can't take advantage of me like this!" 
"I just happened to think of it. It wasn't deliberate." 
###chapter1761
Chapter 1761 How Can That Happen?
Gareth answered slowly. 
"Quickly eat. I have to clean up after you're done eating. I have many things to deal with tomorrow." Elisa prompted him. 
But at the next moment, Gareth started coughing endlessly. He had choked. 
Upon seeing him like that, Elisa quickly patted his back. Still, she didn't dare to do it too forcefully when she remembered his injury. 
Once he stopped, Elisa gave him more water. 
"Are you feeling better?" 
Gareth nodded and thanked Elisa. "Thank you. I'm afraid no one else would be as meticulous as you. I know you don't quite like me living here. What about this? I'll ask Thomas to purchase the villa next door. You can help me with treatment and medical care after work. What do you think?" 
When Gareth spoke, he looked closely at Elisa. He had a slightly humble attitude at that moment. 
His gaze was unwavering. 
This gave Elisa the impression that he was determined. If she disagreed, he would keep staying here! 
She couldn't interfere in his decision. 
"Up to you." 
After that, Gareth immediately called Thomas. 
Thomas was quick and conscientious after receiving the call. "What instructions do you have for me, Mr. Russell?" 
Gareth glanced at Elisa and saw that her expression hadn't changed much. He said, "I want to be neighbors with Elisa here in Bayside Villas." 
Elisa was dumbstruck, while Thomas was astonished. 
Mr. Russell has finally recognized his feelings and wants to pursue love bravely! 
Thomas seemed exceptionally excited and eager. "Alright, Mr. Russell. I'll arrange for it at once." 
In less than five minutes, Thomas called Gareth back. Thomas had settled everything within five minutes. 
Wealthy people held great power. 
Thomas told Gareth, "Mr. Russell, I've contacted people to arrange your daily necessities and the villa's layout. It will be settled within three hours. Will you be heading there yourself, or should I send you?" 
Thomas worked swiftly. This was why he had stayed by Gareth's side for over five years. 
Gareth turned down Thomas' kind intentions. "No need. I'm at her place now. Everything is settled so
quickly. Is something wrong with the house? Ahem…" 
Thomas was quick and conscientious after receiving the call. "What instructions do you have for me, Mr. Russell?" 
Gareth had a worried tone. He even started coughing as he spoke. 
Thomas instantly understood. "I'll carefully compare two houses. Don't worry, Mr. Russell. I will do a great job for you. It won't be harmful or unsuitable." 
Gareth answered and hung up before he looked up at Elisa. "Thomas has purchased the villa next door, but I don't like the interior decoration." 
Elisa immediately understood what he meant. 
The renovations would take time, so he couldn't move out. Gareth had to stay here. 
When she finished treating Gareth and he recovered, would he still need to live there even if his villa's renovations were complete? 
But Gareth had already said such a thing. What else could she say? She couldn't get rid of him right away! 
"Sleep in the next room. I don't have much time to take care of you. You can ask Thomas…" 
"That won't do." 
Gareth immediately dismissed what she said. 
It was acceptable if he was here. But if Thomas were also here, two men and one woman would live together. How could that happen?
###chapter1762
Chapter 1762 Can't You Be Replaced?
Elisa furrowed her brows and stared at him in confusion. "Why can't you ask Thomas to come here and take care of you? I'm not your full-time housekeeper. I have my own things to do and my private life." 
Gareth said coldly with a grave expression. "Thomas is a man." 
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
It was amusing when he said such a thing. 
Elisa glared at him. "Aren't you a man too?" 
Gareth made a distinction. "I'm different from Thomas." 
Elisa instantly understood it when he said it. 
Gareth meant that he was her ex-husband, and they used to live under the same roof. But she could count on one hand the number of times they had met in the three years. 
Furthermore, they were divorced. Since they had separated, they had to make their boundaries clear. 
Gareth's logic was amusing. 
But she didn't want to argue with him, so she said, "Since you don't want Thomas to come, ask Jeremy or a female nursing assistant to come." 
Gareth still disagreed. "Jeremy has been giving a few academic lectures recently, so he's traveling. As
for a female nursing assistant… How long will my recovery take? When you're not around, I can ask Thomas to deliver food to me. I can take care of myself." 
Ultimately, Gareth seemed highly confident. 
Elisa said indifferently, "Up to you." 
After all, there were many rooms. Elisa could just clear one for him. 
After treating him, she wanted to see how Gareth would continue sticking around! 
… 
Rachel and Sheena were window shopping with iced coffee in their hands. Suddenly, Rachel saw Vincent walking towards her. 
Vincent smiled and greeted her. "What a coincidence." 
Coincidence? 
Rachel didn't think so, but she wasn't rude to him because many people were around. She smiled lightly, but her smile didn't reach her eyes. 
Her cold gaze was sending Vincent a message. 
Vincent ignored it and walked over. "What are you doing? We seem to be on opposite sides in a recent case." 
Rachel snorted. "So what?" 
In their industry, the court was like a battlefield. No matter who stood opposite them, even if it were a greatly respected teacher that used to teach them, they had a duty to their client. 
Ultimately, Gareth seemed highly confident. 
Elisa said indifferently, "Up to you." 
Vincent said gently, "I'm not saying I want to do anything. I don't want to be on opposing ends with you. Why don't you understand what I mean?" 
Rachel glared at him and said, "I can't read your mind. How would I know what you mean? It's easy to find someone who understands you." 
Vincent was exasperated when he heard it. 
Rachel always spoke to him aggressively. 
Vincent sighed. "I didn't mean that. I just mean, can't you be replaced?" 
"Who will replace me and stand opposite you? Sheena? Or Liz?" 
Rachel narrowed her eyes. 
Vincent pursed his lips and said, "Isn't there anyone else in your firm?" 
"It's not that there's no one else. We have a duty to our clients. Since they looked for me, I'm committed to them. Why must I be replaced? Why don't you withdraw?" 
Rachel was direct. If the case was crucial to Vincent, was it not significant to her? 
Vincent immediately answered, "Both of us can withdraw. Why don't I take you for a trip?" 
###chapter1763
Chapter 1763 I Didn't Ask You to Withdraw
Since Vincent had said such a thing, Sheena was conscientious. "Rach, if you're busy, I'll leave." 
"But I…" 
Rachel wanted to pull Sheena, but Sheena turned quickly. 
Only Vincent was left standing before her now. 
Rachel folded her arms. "Why do you think I'll withdraw with you? Also, what relationship do we have? Why must I go on a trip with you?" 
Vincent asked her, baffled. "Aren't we friends? Moreover, why can't we travel together if we're no longer responsible for the case?" 
The case they were both taking part in was a divorce case. Although the man wasn't as wealthy as Gareth, he had some assets. His wife was a full-time housewife, and he had cheated on her. 
Now, the man was requesting custody and for the woman to have nothing. The woman had been a professional secretary before getting married. 
The woman was Rachel's client, while the man was Vincent's. 
The woman had a lot of evidence. Also, as a woman, Rachel could understand the helplessness of being betrayed and having everything taken away. 
Therefore, Rachel chose to help the woman. As for Vincent… It was because the man paid Vincent
well. 
Rachel thought of the main points of the case and sneered at Vincent tauntingly. "I'm not like you. I don't go against my conscience and help the wicked do immoral acts." 
Vincent disagreed. "How is this immoral? One party asked me for help as a lawyer. Shouldn't we help everyone as lawyers?" 
Defense lawyers were needed to uphold human rights, whether right or wrong. 
Besides, such divorce cases were prevalent. Moreover, the man was rich. He could provide his child with the best conditions. It was very likely that the woman would lose. 
Why wouldn't Vincent take the case when it was a sure win? 
Rachel smiled lightly. "Think whatever you want to. We're standing on opposing sides because we value different things. Since we have different viewpoints, there's no point in discussing anything. I think you're going overboard with what you're saying." 
Rachel's last sentence seemed slightly apathetic. 
Vincent disagreed. "How am I going overboard? We're friends. Retreating and backing down is the best solution for friends under such circumstances. Furthermore, we can't become enemies because of this, can we?" 
Rachel thought of the main points of the case and sneered at Vincent tauntingly. "I'm not like you. I don't go against my conscience and help the wicked do immoral acts." 
Upon hearing it, Rachel laughed coldly. "Were we even friends to begin with?" 
They had no relationship at the beginning. They had even gone up against each other with equal measure because of the necklace. 
But now their relationship had eased slightly. 
Vincent sighed deeply. "Let's not talk about the past. Only the present. Rachel, I'm speaking to you nicely now. Why must you be so antagonistic toward me? I'm really not as bad as you think I am." 
"Really?" Rachel answered with a sneer. 
Vincent was frustrated. "Really. What do you think of me? I'm really harmless and innocent. If you take this case, there's no difference if I retreat." 
"Then you can withdraw. In any case, I won't back down." Rachel's stance was clear. 
Vincent nodded. "Alright, I'll back down. But I have a condition…" 
"Why are you discussing conditions with me if you're retreating? I don't care whether you withdraw or not. I'm neither afraid nor panicking after discovering we're on opposing ends." 
Rachel immediately retorted. 
Vincent instantly fell silent. 
###chapter1764
Chapter 1764 I Can Vent My Anger
"Why do you always like to go up against me?" 
Vincent sighed in exasperation. 
At the same time, he took two steps toward Rachel as he approached her, but he still kept his distance. 
Rachel furrowed her brows. "What do you mean by that? When I accepted the case, I didn't know you were the opposing counsel. Besides, it's pointless to argue about such things now. Do you have anything important to say? If not, I'm going to leave." 
She was having fun window shopping with Sheena when Vincent appeared to disturb her. 
How annoying! 
Vincent immediately caught up to her when he saw that she was leaving. "Why are you leaving? Sheena has left, but I can keep you company." 
Rachel stared at him with a nasty expression as he caught up. "Aren't you broke? Can you pay for my shopping if you keep me company?" 
Since Rachel had brought it up, Vincent couldn't avoid it since he had suggested it. He said, "I can't pay for your shopping now, but I can help you carry your bags." 
"That's why I initially thought of… asking you to back down because I'm broke, so you won't be the opposing counsel," Vincent said in a rush. 
Heh. Rachel thought it was contradictory when he said such things. She didn't believe him! 
She glared at him. "If you're broke, do you think I'm wealthy? Like I said, why don't you retreat? It's meaningless for us to discuss such things. Firstly, I don't need you to pay for my shopping. Secondly, I don't need you to carry my bags either. Get lost. Don't get in my way!" 
After that, Rachel reached out to push Vincent away. 
Vincent never expected Rachel to be so strong. He stumbled. 
At this time, Rachel walked ahead. 
After he regained his balance, Rachel was further ahead. He quickly caught up to her. 
When Rachel heard footsteps behind her, she knew that Vincent had chased after her. She grabbed his hand and exerted force before immediately throwing him to the ground. 
'Bang.' 
"Ah!" 
One noise followed the other. Shortly, many people followed the noise and gathered around. 
Vincent fell on all fours. He quickly got up when he saw people gathering. 
Vincent was furious and exasperated after seeing the sneer on the corners of Rachel's mouth. He never thought Rachel would do such a thing. He thought she would show mercy, but he never imagined
she would be so ruthless! 
"Rachel Markee, you did this intentionally, didn't you?!" 
Vincent pursed his lips and spoke forcefully as he caught up to Rachel again. He was displeased with her. 
Rachel turned and smiled coyly. "So what if it was deliberate? It's because you keep pestering me. I've made myself clear. Don't blame me for being merciless if you insist on infuriating me!" 
Vincent sighed. "It's alright if you did it on purpose, but you… In any case, how does it benefit you by humiliating me in front of everyone?" 
Rachel had a cold smile in the corners of her mouth. "Of course, it benefits me. I can vent my anger." 
"Are you still chasing after me? Do you want another taste of my skills?" Rachel couldn't help but narrow her eyes as she watched Vincent chase after her. 
Vincent scoffed softly. "You did it while I was caught off guard. Do you think you can still successfully attack me now?" 
"Should we try it out?"
###chapter1765
Chapter 1765 Only A Wall Will Separate Them
After Gareth got off the phone, Elisa started cleaning a room for him. 
Elisa initially wanted him to stay in a spacious room. That way, he wouldn't knock or bump into anything. Furthermore, she feared the pampered and spoiled Mr. Wickam wouldn't like staying in a small room. 
But the bigger room was further from her room. This wasn't important to Elisa. In fact, it was good news. They wouldn't disturb each other and would be left in peace. 
But Gareth refused. 
He said that she wouldn't immediately know if he was feeling unwell if he was too far away. 
Elisa was slightly dumbstruck. What can happen? 
"It's not like your illness needs to be observed. What can happen?" Elisa folded her arms around her chest and looked at Gareth calmly. She wanted to hear what excuses he came up with. 
Gareth didn't come up with any excuse. He just said he wanted to sleep in that room. 
Although Elisa disapproved, it wasn't important. He wanted to be closer to her, so she did as he wanted. 
Therefore, as Gareth had wanted, he got the room next to Elisa's. Only a wall would separate them as they slept at night. 
Of course, Elisa didn't know that Gareth wished the wall between them didn't exist. Otherwise, she would have chased him out of the house. 
After deciding on the room with some difficulty, Elisa rolled up her sleeves and was about to clean the room. 
She was just about to start when she was called. 
"What other instructions do you have, Mr. Wickam?" Elisa's voice was somewhat frustrated, but she wasn't impatient yet. She just felt that she had invited unnecessary trouble for herself. 
Gareth cleared his throat. "As a man, Thomas won't have thought of all my daily necessities. Can you come with me to buy some as backup? Just the nearby supermarket will do. We don't have to go too far." 
Thomas would have felt very aggrieved if he heard it. It was an insult to question his skills! 
At the same time, Elisa clearly didn't quite believe him. She looked at Gareth suspiciously. It was as though she was saying, do you think I'm a fool? 
Just as Gareth was about to say something, Elisa said, "Let's go later. I need to clean the room now." 
Gareth shook his head and stopped her. He said thoughtfully, "I've troubled you greatly by staying here. How can I let you clean the room? Thomas will come and clean it. Buying my essentials are more important…" 
Elisa was amused. So Mr. Wickam knows he's being a bother. 
But since he had said such a thing, Elisa didn't turn him down. She would obviously be happy with someone else cleaning. Between going to the supermarket and cleaning, she would choose the former, especially when someone else was footing the bill, so she agreed. 
Therefore, poor Thomas excitedly headed to Elisa's house alone after he had prepared everything. 
However… 
He never thought he would be instructed to clean after depositing the things and preparing to leave. 
At that moment… he was about to fall apart. 
Of course, he didn't say anything. 
Before Elisa and Gareth left, she came up with a list of things that Thomas may not have thought of but were still crucial daily necessities. 
The sun shone on Elisa's side profile as she wrote, making her features look gentler. 
The natural lighting cast a perfect shadow. 
Elisa was the female lead. The female lead in Gareth's life.
###chapter1766
Chapter 1766 Shopping at The Supermarket Together
Gareth looked at Elisa with slight yearning. She knelt before the coffee table with somewhat messy hair. She had a mature beauty and a firm yet conflicting allure, from her eyes to her smooth nose. Gareth subconsciously gulped. 
She was prettier than usual when she was serious. Perhaps Gareth was watching her with rose-tinted lenses. In any case, he felt she was more beautiful. 
Elisa was clueless. He unconsciously avoided her gaze when she showed him the list of daily necessities. It perplexed her slightly. 
Gareth turned and took a deep breath. After ensuring that he was calm, he turned and took the list from Elisa. 
Gareth took a pen and added to the list after looking at it for a while, but he didn't add much. Elisa's considerations were meticulous enough. 
Gareth handed the list back to her. 
Elisa was still thinking that Gareth was suddenly less troublesome. Perhaps something fishy was going on. But when she looked at the list after he handed it to her, she regretted letting him add to it. 
Will Thomas forget things like underwear? 
Gareth nodded solemnly. 
Elisa was baffled. "Can't he buy it for you?" 
Gareth pondered momentarily and said, "He doesn't know my size." 
His logic was perfect and impeccable. Elisa was disadvantaged and didn't want to continue arguing with him. 
She could only take him to the supermarket, and the two bought the things on the list. 
In the supermarket, the two attracted the envy of others as a perfectly matched couple. 
As Elisa pushed Gareth in his wheelchair, they caught many people's attention. Some even discussed softly, saying that the two were well-matched. 
Gareth was elated when he heard it but hid it on the surface. 
Meanwhile, Elisa felt resentful and embarrassed. 
Elisa didn't like being so open and didn't want others to misunderstand. She felt slightly strange when she was with Gareth. 
She asked Gareth if he would rather wait for her in the car. 
But how could Gareth let go of such an excellent opportunity to spend time with her? He turned her down without thinking. He said Elisa would feel uncomfortable buying his underwear alone if he wasn't around. 
Elisa held her forehead in exasperation. She wanted to say she was already feeling uncomfortable. 
Perhaps he hadn't noticed, but many people kept looking at them. 
She didn't know how many people had accidentally bumped into the shelves because of their presence. 
What Elisa couldn't understand most was that even when Gareth was in such a state, there were still girls asking her if she was his girlfriend. If she wasn't, they wanted Gareth's contact number. 
Elisa had a headache. She shook her head, indicating she wasn't his girlfriend, before standing further away and keeping her distance from them. 
Under normal circumstances, Gareth had an extraordinary appearance and demeanor. Everyone would notice him wherever he went. But he always had a cold expression, frightening many girls. Few dared to come up to him and ask for his number. 
Gareth thought about it in his current situation. 
He must have seemed gentler and more approachable when he was with Elisa. 
He noticed that Elisa stood beside him with a forced smile and a disdainful expression. 
She even deliberately kept her distance from him.
###chapter1767
Chapter 1767 My Wife
Her intentions were obvious. She wanted Gareth to deal with his own matters. She didn't want to be involved. 
However, how could Gareth allow her to ignore him? 
He smiled at Elisa, and it sent a chill down her back. She felt that something terrible was going to happen. 
As she expected, at the next moment, Gareth said slightly coyly to Elisa, "Let's go, wifey. Aren't we going to buy my underwear?" 
The two girls looked at each other and said nothing. They didn't know whether to stay or to leave. 
It was an awkward scene. 
Wifey? Buying underwear? Regardless of the context, the two had an unusual relationship. 
But of course, only the two girls felt awkward. Elisa's pupils widened in disbelief before she started laughing in a rage. 
Gareth had a crafty smile after getting his way. 
"What is this? Why didn't you say anything if you're his wife? Did you deliberately try to humiliate us?" One of the girls said indignantly and peculiarly, directing it at Elisa. 
The other girl nodded. "Didn't you say you weren't his girlfriend?" 
Elisa felt unjustly attacked. 
At this time, Gareth added. "I'm sorry. I had a falling out with my wife. Thank you for your interest, but I can't give you my contact number. I'm afraid my wife will get jealous. I hope you can understand. After all, you're women. Moreover, she wasn't wrong. She's not my girlfriend. She's my wife." 
Elisa suddenly felt the world quieten. 
Only one line repeatedly rang in her ears and her mind. 
"She's my wife." 
She felt like she had heard this before. But when she thought about it, how would Gareth have said it in the past? He had always hidden from her. 
Elisa shook her head and came to her senses. Gareth was still speaking. 
She didn't know if the two girls understood. They had love-struck expressions. 
When they left, she heard them say such self-restrained and polite men were rare. 
One of them even said, "He's so handsome!" 
The other said, "That's right. It's a shame he's in a wheelchair." 
Before Elisa could sneer, one of the girls said, "He's so good-looking. If he were my husband, I would
be willing to care for him for the rest of my life. Moreover, that girl doesn't deserve him. She even lied to us. How devious…" 
The two gradually walked away, and their voices grew softer until they finally disappeared. 
The corners of Elisa's mouth twitched. She was indeed unjustly attacked and inexplicably the target of their hostility. 
She was furious when she turned and saw that Gareth was still smiling. 
She reached out to pinch Gareth's waist. It was soft and warm. 
"Are you taking joy in my misfortune? Isn't this all your fault?" 
Gareth avoided it as he laughed and raised his hands in surrender. 
Elisa naturally wasn't willing to take it lying down, so Gareth feigned a weak and feeble expression. 
Elisa immediately pulled back grimly. 
Gareth smiled, but Elisa didn't see it. 
He wasn't smiling because of the two girls but because he felt he had grown closer to Elisa. 
###chapter1768
Chapter 1768 You Must Be Happy
But actually, she was… adorable like this. 
He always asked himself why he had never noticed it before. 
But it wasn't too late now… There was still time. 
The two walked around the delicatessen and fruits sections for a while. Elisa was doing most of the choosing. There wasn't anything Gareth wanted to eat in particular. He occasionally reached out for a few things that Elisa also liked. They didn't know if it was a coincidence. 
After grocery shopping, Elisa pushed Gareth to the Calvin Klein underwear store. 
Perhaps because they were interrupted by the two girls. Elisa wasn't as uneasy anymore. Instead, she felt calmer. 
The faint unrest seemed to have quietly dissipated. 
The salesperson asked who it was for, and Elisa pointed to Gareth so he could inform the salesperson of his measurements. 
Gareth saw Elisa was in a poor mood, so he didn't delay. After informing the female salesperson of his measurements, she smiled and blushed a crimson red. She asked Elisa to choose a design. 
Elisa hesitated and nodded before following the salesperson. 
It was mainly because she didn't want to be with Gareth for now. 
However, Gareth paid close attention to Elisa's changes and didn't notice the female salesperson's expression. 
He didn't understand why Elisa suddenly became so distant when she had been fine. 
He didn't think it was because of the two girls. It was apparent that Elisa didn't have such a petty personality. 
So what's the reason? Gareth remained perplexed despite much thought. He didn't follow Elisa when he saw her running away. 
On the other end, the salesperson led Elisa to choose. She looked at Elisa like she wanted to say something. 
When Elisa looked at the salesperson, the salesperson quickly looked away. Elisa was confused. 
Elisa casually picked up a garment because she wanted the strange air to end quickly. However, the female salesperson said, "Um, with your husband's measurements, I'm afraid this is too small…" 
The female salesperson was restraining her laughter when she said it. 
Elisa immediately realized why the salesperson was laughing and instantly felt awkward. 
She flushed from head to toe. 
Even her ears were red. 
Elisa quietly asked the salesperson to lead her to the section with the largest sizes. She carelessly picked up a few pieces without looking and quickly walked to the cashier. She wanted to leave at once. 
After paying the bill with some difficulty, the female salesperson said something that almost made Elisa choke on her saliva before she could breathe a sigh of relief. 
The female salesperson said with a beam. "I'm so envious. You must be happy." 
Elisa staggered from shock. She pushed Gareth away and left like they were running away. 
Gareth's clear laughter was heard from the front. 
It was deep but intertwined with joy. It inexplicably annoyed Elisa. 
On the way back, the two didn't say anything. 
Thomas was very efficient. When they returned, Gareth's room was tidied. His daily necessities were arranged inside. 
Most of them were there. Only some minor items like a razor were forgotten. 
Thomas thought he had to bring them the next time he came. 
But Gareth had purchased them. 
Elisa returned to the kitchen to prepare dinner while Gareth tidied the room. 
There wasn't much for him to do. Thomas had categorized everything and kept them well. 
Gareth only needed to do some minor tidying. 
After that, he went to the kitchen and wanted to help and do what he could. 
Elisa initially didn't allow him to do anything. 
But after that, she let him be. 
###chapter1769
Chapter 1769 Going For A Walk Together?
The two bustled in the kitchen and prepared a table full of delicacies. 
Elisa had pretty good cooking skills. This surprised Gareth slightly. 
After all… Gareth had only seen but never tried Elisa's cooking. 
Elisa's lips twitched when she saw Gareth's expression. "The housekeeper isn't always around. I can't starve when I'm alone, right?" 
Gareth looked down and didn't say anything. He knew Elisa was saying that he rarely went home while they were married. 
But he wouldn't do that in the future. 
He would try his best to make up for his previous shortcomings in the future. 
While eating, Elisa turned on a news channel on the television. It could be said that she deliberately interrupted any possibility of the two interacting. 
However, it was strange that she could tolerate eating with Gareth at the same table. 
But she couldn't speak to him calmly, especially when they were eating or before they went to sleep. 
Because she felt that these times were too personal. She didn't want Gareth to disturb her. 
As for Gareth, he could shrewdly sense Elisa's thoughts, so he didn't say anything and ate quietly. 
In the big room, only the woman's businesslike voice on the television rang as she reported the latest news. 
One of the news was the strict crackdown on tax auditing, especially since Election Day was around the corner. It would be a severe blow if anything happened to the company now. 
Elisa unexpectedly asked about Russell Group's recent situation. 
Gareth smiled. "Are you concerned about me?" 
Elisa shook her head. Her words were still as antagonistic as usual. "I'm afraid you can't buy the house next door if your company goes bankrupt. Then you would have to stay here all your life." 
He knew Elisa was doing it on purpose. He couldn't help but raise his brows. "It sounds like you care for me." 
Elisa ate with her cutlery and said indifferently, "I'm just concerned for myself." 
Gareth shrugged, and the two didn't continue the topic of conversation. 
Just as Elisa felt the topic was over and Gareth wouldn't bring it up again, he spoke up. 
"Don't worry. Nothing will happen to the company with me overseeing it. You need to be careful. An unexpected calamity is most terrifying when managing a large company." 
Elisa chewed on her okra and acknowledged him. She didn't say anything else. 
She also wanted to say that the company would be fine with her overseeing it. Still, she didn't want to say anything unnecessary. 
After dinner, Gareth took the initiative to clean the table and put the dishes into the dishwasher. 
Elisa let him do so. Since he was willing to clean, she would be only too glad to let him tidy up. 
Elisa scurried back to her room after dinner. 
She wanted to read proposals in her room until she fell asleep. 
But there was a knock at the door. 
Elisa opened the door. Gareth was outside. 
"Is something wrong?" 
Gareth looked inside her room and wanted to see what she was doing in her room. 
But Elisa subtly moved to the side and blocked his sight of view. 
He said, "The weather tonight is nice. I ate a little too much just now. Can we go out for a walk together?" 
Elisa was baffled. "You can go if you want to." 
She wasn't stopping him. 
She subconsciously didn't hear the words 'we' and 'together.' 
Gareth stared at Elisa unblinkingly, looking slightly pathetic. 
"But I'm not very familiar with this area. Can I trouble you to take me around? Just so I can familiarize myself with this area. I won't disturb you again." 
Elisa glanced at him and seemed slightly aloof. "Are you sure you want to go out for a walk like this?" 
###chapter1770
Chapter 1770 Putting on An Act Until the End
Gareth nodded. "I just want to go out. I feel very suffocated by staying in the room." 
"Alright." 
Upon seeing him like that, Elisa didn't say anything else. 
A cold breeze blew when they left the house. 
Elisa threw a thin blanket at Gareth. "It's slightly chilly. You must take care of yourself if you want to go out." 
Gareth was initially displeased that Elisa had allowed Will to stay here, but he felt warm when she did such a thing to him. 
It seemed like listening to Vincent and Jeremy was a good idea. 
"Alright." 
Gareth nodded. 
Elisa thought he would give up when she threw the thin blanket at him. But instead? It's fine. He can do what he wants! 
After walking for a while, Elisa was still worried about Gareth's health. "Your pain might have been psychological. I'll take you for a check-up tomorrow." 
With Jeremy's test results and Gareth's current demands, Elisa felt they were faking it. 
"If you're worried, I'll go for a check-up tomorrow. We don't have to go tomorrow. We can go now," Gareth said. 
He paused and looked at Elisa piercingly. 
Elisa's gaze fell on him, and they looked at each other. She didn't say anything. 
"Do you think Jeremy and I made it up to fool you?" 
Gareth asked when he saw Elisa silent. 
She laughed lightly. "Of course. Both of you are very suspicious. Gareth Wickam, can you still do such things if you're in poor health?" 
"But aren't you still staying by my side?" Gareth immediately asked with wrinkled brows. 
He covered his chest. 
He seemed to be in much pain. 
He had to put on an act until the end! 
Elisa understood why he said it, so she made herself clear. "I'm not staying by your side. I allowed you to stay because of your health. Alright, we've walked for a while. It's time to go back." 
"Okay." 
Gareth didn't say anything else. 
While they were on the way back, Elisa saw two figures from afar. A boy and a girl. 
They were in school uniform and were hugging each other. 
Elisa immediately pulled Gareth. 
Gareth focused entirely on Elisa, so he didn't notice the couple. At the same time, he was surprised that Elisa suddenly pulled him. 
Elisa saw him confused, so she nodded toward the young couple. "We can't disturb them." 
Gareth immediately understood as he followed Elisa's gaze. 
He followed Elisa as she took a different way back. 
He pretended to be in bad shape as he draped the thin blanket around himself. 
He sighed deeply. "It's often said that elderly people and children have similar body temperatures and can't stand the cold very well. As expected, our bodies start breaking down as we age." 
Elisa snorted in laughter. "It's your own doing." 
After that, Elisa left Gareth behind her. 
But before she went far, she slowed down as she waited for Gareth. 
She knew that he was still injured. 
Gareth silently rejoiced when he saw it. He quickened his steps. 
Back at Elisa's house, Gareth pretended to cough. Elisa glanced at him and made him a tonic. 
After he finished it, she returned to her room. 
She lay on the bed as she thought about tomorrow's plan. 
Her cell phone vibrated at this time. 
It was a message notification. 
She immediately picked up her cell phone and glanced at it. Two people had texted her. 
###chapter1771
Chapter 1771 He Couldn't Lose to Gareth
The message at the top was from Gareth. 
Gareth: 'Thank you for letting me stay and for going on a walk with me today. It's hard for me to say certain things in person. I persisted and went out because I didn't want to have any regrets. It's really nice to have you by my side.' 
Elisa's eyes immediately started to hurt when she read the message. 
He only said he didn't want any regrets and that having her beside him was nice now. 
They wouldn't be in such a situation if he had said such things sooner. 
Elisa took a deep breath and restrained her emotions. She didn't reply to Gareth's message and opened the message at the bottom instead. 
Will: 'Liz, can you come over tomorrow? My legs hurt. I don't know if it has worsened…' 
Marsha hated Elisa. Under such a situation, Will wouldn't lie to get her to come over if it wasn't true. 
She was worried about him. 
Elisa: 'I'll come over in the morning.' 
She had just sent the message when she received a call from Will. 
Will asked gently on the phone, "Why haven't you slept?" 
"Is Gareth harassing you?" 
Firstly, Will had initially stayed there because it was convenient to treat his legs. Secondly, it was to dispel Marsha and Gareth's thoughts, but to no avail. 
Gareth was the one who stayed instead. 
Even though Elisa was frustrated at the current situation, she hadn't reached a stage where she would discuss everything with Will and speak freely. 
Elisa said indifferently, "I'm doing something. I'll be sleeping soon. I don't want to see your mother when I go there tomorrow." 
She could unconditionally treat Will. She could also be patient, accommodating, and make concessions for Will's mother. 
But she couldn't constantly back down. 
"Alright." 
Will nodded. 
He would unconditionally fulfill her minor requests as long as she came over. It was a must! 
He couldn't lose to Gareth! 
The following day. 
When Elisa woke up, a scrumptious breakfast lay on the table. 
Before she could say anything, Gareth explained. "I asked Thomas to buy and deliver the food. I want to make you breakfast personally, but with my condition, my chest unbearably hurts when I move my hands." 
Jeremy had followed up with a phone call to Gareth after he had sent her the text message yesterday. 
Jeremy advised Gareth after finding out about his actions. 
Elisa was still indifferent. "You don't have to explain it to me. I understand." 
With his position, it was inevitable that Gareth didn't know how to cook. 
And she knew full well that if she had never received Gareth's special treatment in the past, it would be less likely for her to receive it in the future. 
"You can eat it yourself. I'm going out." 
Elisa said before Gareth could say anything. 
She calculated the time. She had to go to the Darcey Residence. After that, she had to look for Stacy and Mr. Lynch so Norman would be dealt with. Therefore, she didn't have time to eat. 
Gareth walked to her. "Where are you going? Bring me along." 
This wasn't a question, nor was it a request. It was an order, said in a tone that wouldn't accept no for an answer. 
This made Elisa very uncomfortable. She frowned and looked at Gareth. 
"Why must I bring you along? Can't I even leave the house when you're staying here?" 
Gareth heard the displeasure in her voice, and he changed his tone. 
"I didn't mean that. I just feel like… My miserable condition might worsen at any time. I can't call you and ask you to come back while you're working, can I?"
###chapter1772
Chapter 1772 Can We Start Over?
As Gareth spoke, he sighed deeply. 
He looked at Elisa. His impenetrable black eyes were slightly pitiful. 
But Elisa wasn't stirred by such an expression of his. As for what he mentioned, she answered indifferently. "Mr. Wickam, weren't you very confident? Nothing will happen to you, even if it flares up briefly. You can call Thomas or contact Jeremy. You're taking the medicine. I'm treating you and looking after you. You…" 
"I'm scared of dying!" 
Before Elisa could finish speaking. Gareth quickly interrupted her. 
He had a stiff demeanor. 
His black eyes were intertwined with slight panic. 
Elisa was sure that she had seen it. Moreover, she saw it clearly. 
Gareth is afraid of dying. This is really… What should I say? 
Elisa pursed her lips. After a moment's silence, she slowly answered. "If you're afraid of dying, why did you take a bullet for me?" 
"And what you previously said to me. Don't you feel like you're contradicting yourself, Gareth Wickam?" 
Gareth only wanted Elisa to stay and for her to sympathize with him. 
He didn't panic after what he had said in a rush, which caused her to be suspicious instead. He slowly explained. "Because I'm now by your side. We eat and take walks together, and I prepare breakfast for you. I've experienced such unique and beautiful moments, so I'm afraid…" 
Elisa suddenly didn't know what to say after his explanation. 
He was now afraid and found out how amazing she was. What about the past? 
If he had said anything earlier. However… 
Elisa took a deep breath and looked away. She stopped looking at Gareth. "Gareth Wickam, are you being possessed? Why are you saying such things…" 
"I'm serious!" Gareth said decisively. The next moment, he walked to Elisa. 
His lofty figure leaned forward, and she smelled his cold yet familiar scent. 
She suddenly couldn't breathe. 
His hoarse voice immediately rang. "I know you find it strange that I can say such a thing, but I mean it. When I was between life and death, I understood. I only regretted it and understood your value after I lost you, especially when Will appeared by your side." 
"Liz, can we start over?" 
Gareth's black eyes were gentle yet firm. 
Elisa used to long for such a scene. 
But now? 
Elisa shook her head. "What did you understand? Like what you've said, you just think we're suitable. You don't want to try with anyone else. Humans don't know how to appreciate something when they have it. Didn't Will's appearance only trigger your terrifying possessiveness?" 
"Nothing started between us. How do we start over?" 
"Ahem ahem! Ahem…" 
Gareth started coughing violently, and his breathing seemed particularly rushed. 
Gareth took one step back, and his tall figure seemed to stagger. 
Upon seeing it, Elisa quickly supported him. "You're in such a state… You're really! Quickly go to the hospital!" 
"Will you come with me?" 
"Gareth Wickam, do you mean to tell me you won't go if I don't come with you?" 
Elisa furrowed her brows. She was slightly displeased. 
But Gareth nodded. "I'm reassured with you by my side. Even if I die, I'll die peacefully." 
###chapter1773
Chapter 1773 Who Doesn't Have a Childlike Spirit in Them?
Upon seeing Gareth's pale complexion, Elisa didn't know what to say. 
Gareth was still doing it deliberately. 
However, she couldn't allow him to do as he liked and be deluded. 
"Will said his legs hurt. It might be worsening, so I must go and take a look." After saying that, Elisa didn't plan to continue arguing with him. 
Gareth was rather displeased when she mentioned Will. "It's not like the Darcey family doesn't have a family doctor. Has the Darcey family gone bankrupt? Are they so poor that they can't afford to see a doctor?" 
Elisa was dumbstruck! 
She had long been on the receiving end of Gareth's sharp tongue. 
Thankfully Will wasn't there. Otherwise, the two would argue. 
Elisa pursed her lips. "Don't say such nasty remarks. It's not like you don't know about the car accident then. He didn't emotionally blackmail me. Can I ignore it since it happened because of me?" 
But Gareth grew worried. "Will's mother dislikes you. Do you want to get scolded if you go there?" 
Marsha's expression was vivid in Elisa's mind. 
Elisa knew what he meant but had clearly brought it up to Will. 
She said indifferently, "I won't allow such a situation to happen again. Furthermore, I mentioned it to Will since I'm going over." 
Marsha isn't around? 
If Marsha isn't around, Will and Elisa will be alone. That won't do! 
Gareth's throat was constricted. He said hoarsely, "You only think about Will and not me. I'm also in pain, but I'm just hanging in there. Aren't you afraid that my condition will worsen?" 
Gareth's black eyes were intertwined with distress. 
At that moment, he seemed aggrieved and miserable. 
How could Elisa not understand his intentions? 
He didn't want her to look for Will, so he was looking for ways to stop her! 
Elisa pursed her lips and said, "Haven't I clarified it to you? If you have any problems, you can contact Thomas or Jeremy if it's urgent. I'm swamped. Can you stop trying to pick a quarrel with me?" 
Gareth didn't say anything. 
He noticed her impatience, especially when she said, 'pick a quarrel.' It pierced Gareth's heart viciously. 
Does Elisa dislike me that much? 
However, he didn't say anything else. Elisa turned and left. 
He didn't stop her or chase after her. 
After leaving, Elisa drove to Darcey Residence. 
Will had arranged for the butler to meet Elisa. Although the butler knew Marsha didn't like Elisa, Will had instructed him, so he respectfully led Elisa to Will. 
In Will's room. 
As a matter of fact, it was Elisa's first time entering Will's room. 
It was decorated interestingly. It was different from Gareth's room's black, white, and gray color palette, giving a dark, depressing, and solemn air like him. 
The colors in Will's room matched well. The room was decorated nicely. 
It made Elisa feel very comfortable and at ease. 
Especially the big car models outside his room. There were tiny s in them. It was fascinating. 
Will noticed Elisa's gaze, so he took the initiative to say, "I found these when traveling. Take a look. If you like anything, you can have it." 
Elisa shook her head and turned him down. "I'm not a fan of such things. I'm just surprised and find it unique." 
She never thought Will had a hobby of collecting. 
"Ah. Who doesn't have a childlike spirit in them?" 
Will saw through Elisa's thoughts with just one question. At the same time, it expressed his stance. 
###chapter1774
Chapter 1774 Did You Really Not Like Anything?
Elisa smiled in response. 
What Will said was true. 
Of course, she knew she wasn't just here to look around Will's room. 
She quickly looked away and nodded at Will. "Come here. Let me examine you." 
"Let's go to the balcony. The weather is great today." 
"Alright." 
Elisa complied with Will. 
Her hands fell on the armrests the next moment, and she pushed Will to the balcony. 
"Did you really not like anything?" 
His hoarse voice rang in her ears. Elisa shook her head. "Everyone has a childlike spirit, but my career is my main focus at my age. I don't have the time to clean my house recently, so it'll be a waste even if I take something." 
But Will disagreed. "How would it be a waste? Even if you just display it, it'll be pleasing to look at." 
Elisa indicated to him. "Roll up your pants. I'll take a look at it later." 
"Alright." 
Will quickly rolled up his pants as Elisa had instructed. 
Elisa started to examine his legs. 
Will's figure stiffened when her slightly cold hands touched his legs. 
Elisa didn't notice his unease. She still examined him seriously. 
She even asked him, "Do you feel anything?" 
"No." 
He actually felt it, but he denied it. 
He had previously asked Elisa if she would be moved by emotional blackmail. She had instantly turned him down. 
He could only use such a way to keep Elisa by his side now. Otherwise, he feared that he would have no reason or opportunity to make her stay beside him in the future. 
Elisa furrowed her brows. "I'll massage your legs later. You said your legs hurt. Which part exactly?" 
Will pointed to his knees. 
Before he could say anything, a voice rang outside the house. 
"Who are you to stop me? If Will hasn't said anything to me, who are you to say such things to me here? Step aside!" 
It was a bossy and unruly voice. Elisa immediately recognized it as Jocelyn's voice. 
She had asked Will to send Marsha away, but Jocelyn came instead! 
Elisa shook her head, slightly exasperated. 
"Will, take care of your affairs. I'll massage your legs after you deal with her," Elisa said with pursed lips. 
Elisa didn't notica his unaasa. Sha still axaminad him sariously. 
Sha avan askad him, "Do you faal anything?" 
"No." 
Ha actually falt it, but ha daniad it. 
Ha had praviously askad Elisa if sha would ba movad by amotional blackmail. Sha had instantly turnad him down. 
Ha could only usa such a way to kaap Elisa by his sida now. Otharwisa, ha faarad that ha would hava no raason or opportunity to maka har stay basida him in tha futura. 
Elisa furrowad har brows. "I'll massaga your lags latar. You said your lags hurt. Which part axactly?" 
Will pointad to his knaas. 
Bafora ha could say anything, a voica rang outsida tha housa. 
"Who ara you to stop ma? If Will hasn't said anything to ma, who ara you to say such things to ma hara? Stap asida!" 
It was a bossy and unruly voica. Elisa immadiataly racognizad it as Jocalyn's voica. 
Sha had askad Will to sand Marsha away, but Jocalyn cama instaad! 
Elisa shook har haad, slightly axasparatad. 
"Will, taka cara of your affairs. I'll massaga your lags aftar you daal with har," Elisa said with pursad lips. 
Will knew that Elisa wasn't afraid of Jocelyn. She just didn't want to see Jocelyn. 
It wasn't easy for Will and Elisa to spend time together. How could he allow an outsider to disturb them? 
Before he could move, Jocelyn rushed in from the outside with a bang. 
Jocelyn was in disbelief and furious the moment she saw Elisa. 
The next moment, she pointed at Elisa angrily. "Elisa Benett, how can you be so shameless? How can you enter a man's room freely as a woman?" 
"I invited Elisa over to treat my legs. She came in properly. As for you, Ms. Oxley, if you're talking about being shameless, you're the shameless one, right?" 
Will retorted, displeased at Jocelyn's berating. 
He was merciless to her. 
He had never liked Jocelyn. The bodyguards behind her proved that she had shown up unsolicited! 
Jocelyn never thought that Will would chide her for being shameless before Elisa. She never expected him to protect Elisa.
###chapter1775
Chapter 1775 Who's The Wench Talking About?
Jocelyn felt aggrieved. "Will, I rushed in to find you regardless of the consequences because I'm concerned for you. Do you know that person beside you is the root of all evil? How would you be in such a situation without this wench?" 
Jocelyn pointed at Elisa. 
Elisa wouldn't allow Jocelyn to act so rudely! 
She slapped Jocelyn's hand away and sneered. "Who's the wench talking about?" 
"You!" 
Jocelyn was infuriated by the sight before her. 
Elisa snickered when she heard it. "Mm. You're quite self-aware, Ms. Oxley." 
Jocelyn realized that she had been tricked by Elisa. For a moment, she felt ashamed. 
She rushed over. Firstly, it was because she couldn't take it. Secondly, she didn't want to see Elisa stay by Will's side so arrogantly and recklessly. 
However, Elisa avoided Jocelyn, and Jocelyn fell. 
Jocelyn didn't give up. The next moment, Elisa grabbed Jocelyn's wrist. 
She touched it gently, and there was a crack. 
Jocelyn immediately widened her eyes in fright. "Elisa, what… What did you do to me?" 
Elisa sneered. "I flexed your knuckles for you. Jocelyn Oxley, you've seen what I can do since Will was in the accident. Must I tell you in detail about my abilities?" 
Jocelyn didn't answer. 
Elisa's abilities? What abilities does Elisa have? 
Although she thought Elisa was just lucky, it was a fact that Elisa had rushed into the operating theater and conducted surgery. 
Elisa even treated Will's legs later on. If Elisa wasn't skillful, how would she dare say such things? 
Jocelyn grew scared when she thought about it. 
If Elisa crippled my hand… 
But how could she swallow her anger toward Elisa at such a crucial moment? 
Soon, Jocelyn had an incensed expression. "I don't need you to tell me anything in detail. Don't be too arrogant, Elisa Benett! Will is in such a situation all because of you. If my hand is crippled, I won't let this go!" 
Jocelyn clenched her jaw and glared at Elisa. 
Elisa wasn't afraid of Jocelyn threatening her at all. She didn't take notice of whatever Jocelyn said. 
Elisa snaarad. "I flaxad your knucklas for you. Jocalyn Oxlay, you'va saan what I can do sinca Will was in tha accidant. Must I tall you in datail about my abilitias?" 
Jocalyn didn't answar. 
Elisa's abilitias? What abilitias doas Elisa hava? 
Although sha thought Elisa was just lucky, it was a fact that Elisa had rushad into tha oparating thaatar and conductad surgary. 
Elisa avan traatad Will's lags latar on. If Elisa wasn't skillful, how would sha dara say such things? 
Jocalyn graw scarad whan sha thought about it. 
If Elisa cripplad my hand… 
But how could sha swallow har angar toward Elisa at such a crucial momant? 
Soon, Jocalyn had an incansad axprassion. "I don't naad you to tall ma anything in datail. Don't ba too arrogant, Elisa Banatt! Will is in such a situation all bacausa of you. If my hand is cripplad, I won't lat this go!" 
Jocalyn clanchad har jaw and glarad at Elisa. 
Elisa wasn't afraid of Jocalyn thraataning har at all. Sha didn't taka notica of whatavar Jocalyn said. 
Elisa smiled. "What do you plan to do? How will you not let it go?" 
As she spoke, she walked to Jocelyn. 
Jocelyn stumbled in fright at Elisa's demeanor. 
As for Will at the side, he watched everything silently. He silently approved of Elisa's actions. 
It was inevitably good news if Elisa could help him drive Jocelyn away! 
However, Will's silent approval was a massive blow to Jocelyn. 
She suddenly started crying. "Will, how can you treat me so coldly and ruthlessly? Don't you see how Elisa wants to make a move against me?" 
"You deserve it! Never mind that you came unsolicited, but you're also reprimanding her without distinguishing between right and wrong. Jocelyn Oxley, get things straight. This is the Darcey family, not the Oxley family!" 
Will said coldly to Jocelyn. His ruthless gaze was filled with animosity. It expressed his feelings. 
He hated Jocelyn! 
"It's because you didn't reply to my message. I was worried, so I came over. Will…" 
###chapter1776
Chapter 1776 Utterly Pained
"Get lost!" 
Before Jocelyn could finish speaking, Will rebuked her. 
His brows were wrinkled tightly. His cold face was furious. 
This was the first time Will was reprimanding Jocelyn. In the past, no matter how much Will disliked Jocelyn, he was still respectful to her in front of others. 
But now, Will was chiding before her an outsider. Especially someone she hated, Elisa! 
Jocelyn's emotions were like water bursting forth from a dam. 
"Will, how can you treat me like this? My feelings for you are genuine. I can die for you, but what can this divorcee do for you?" 
"She will only harm you and bring you disaster by staying by your side. She even caused you and Mrs. Darcey to fall out. What is so good about Elisa Benett?" 
Jocelyn was very emotional. 
She knew she looked dumb to everyone, but she wasn't a fool. How could she not know that Marsha didn't like her, Will kept his distance from her, and his current dislike for her? 
But she ignored it all because of her fondness and love for Will. 
But now… 
She didn't know why, but her heart ached. It pained her very much. 
"Even if she's been married three, four, or even five times, it isn't a problem as long as I like her!" 
What Will said made blood rush to Jocelyn's head. 
She was clearly upset, but Will still said such things to hurt her. What was Elisa doing at the side? 
Elisa was just watching! 
What was Jocelyn to her? 
At that moment, Jocelyn was like a comical and amusing clown! 
When Jocelyn realized it, she laughed coldly. "I see. As long as you like her, no matter how terrible she is, you still find her pretty. Will you not like me no matter how hard I work?" 
"That's right." 
Will answered confidently. 
He was firm on his likes and dislikes. 
And Jocelyn had been pestering him for a long time. Furthermore, she hurt Elisa with her words multiple times. Since Jocelyn had shown up unsolicited, Will took the opportunity to make things clear! 
Jocelyn wiped her tears away. "Will, you answered so resolutely. But if you do this for her, would she do the same for you? Look at yourself. What have you become? Has Elisa ever felt guilty?" 
"That's between me and her. It has nothing to do with you." Will retorted. 
Jocelyn was utterly pained. She ran out crying and didn't say anything else. 
Only Elisa and Will were left in the room. 
Elisa pursed her lips, and after a moment's hesitation, she slowly said, "You turned her down so bluntly. You should also understand that I'm firm with my likes and dislikes. You shouldn't waste your time and energy on me. Regarding your legs, I…" 
"I know you will keep your promise. I also understand that I can't compare to Gareth. But liking you is my decision." 
"Ah! Time for the massage. Let's not talk about it." 
Elisa sighed deeply and interrupted Will. 
She didn't know what to say about Will's stubbornness, so she didn't say anything. 
Because the more she talked about certain things, the more her head hurt. 
But when she was about to massage Will… 
###chapter1777
Chapter 1777 Liz, I Can't Bear to See You Suffer
Elisa noticed an alarming phenomenon. 
As soon as she stuck a needle into Will's legs for an injection, blood started pooling under his skin. 
Elisa immediately took steps to address it. She wiped it with a cotton ball and slowly pierced his skin with the needle. However, although he wasn't bleeding much, he bled when she stuck the needle into his skin. 
Although this was a common occurrence, such a phenomenon had never occurred when she had given him injections previously. 
Elisa could only observe him as she pushed the needle in. 
She started to massage his calf and asked him with concern, "Does it hurt?" 
Will shook his head. "I can feel it, but it doesn't hurt." 
The pain Will had mentioned could very well be his nerves' reflexes. 
After all, he was in a car accident. The weight of such a heavy car fell on Will in an instant. Furthermore, he was ill and in pain during treatment after his surgery. 
She had to follow up with him constantly since he was in such a condition. 
"About your mom… I'll come over at this time from now on. You must ensure your mom won't appear before me." Elisa pursed her lips as she decided.
Jocelyn must have been heartbroken after being reprimanded by Will. She wouldn't come again, but it was different with Will's mother. 
Will didn't answer at once. He asked hesitantly, "What if I can convince my mom to let me go to your place?" 
He would benefit from being in such close proximity. He would only have an opportunity when he had close contact with her! 
Elisa shook her head. "Even if you convince your mom, you can't come. My house can't accommodate so many people. Moreover, your mom would never agree." 
If Marsha had agreed, she wouldn't have said such things during the previous treatments. Nor would she have led so many people to take Will away forcefully. 
Will instantly understood what Elisa meant when she said her house couldn't accommodate many people. He guessed that Gareth was living in her home. 
He wouldn't have been so hurt if he hadn't made this comparison. 
Certain things were more distressing when he personally heard of them or came to his own conclusions. 
"Then I'll stay next to you. That way, you won't have to go back and forth. It's too tiring. Don't worry about my mom. I'll think of a way." 
Will restrained his emotions and thought of a compromise. 
If he could stay next to Elisa, he could still go to her anytime. So what if Gareth was by her side? 
With how he had protected her with his life and the promise she had made to him, Elisa couldn't ignore him. 
However, what Elisa said next destroyed him. 
She said, "There's only one house next to mine, and Gareth purchased it. He's in a serious condition. As for you… I don't want your mom to misunderstand." 
Gareth had bought the house next to hers and even moved into her home. Although she said she wanted to keep her distance from Gareth, he still had such a high position in her heart! 
Will's heart hurt a lot. 
But he didn't complain at all. He was in no place to question her! 
He couldn't say anything else. 
Otherwise, she might stop coming. Then what would Will do? 
He nodded. "Then I can only trouble you to make these trips. I'll come to you once I'm in better condition. Liz, I can't bear to see you suffer or feel wronged because of my mom." 
"Mm." Elisa nodded and didn't say anything else. 
His bleeding decreased later on. Elisa watched as he took his medicine before she left. 
###chapter1778
Chapter 1778 She Is Deluded
As soon as Elisa left, Marsha returned. 
Marsha saw Elisa's figure clearly as Elisa drove away. Before this, Will had told Marsha that she had to deal with an essential affair at the company today. She finally understood the real reason. 
She couldn't stop Elisa, so she could only confront Will. 
She was direct, and her tone was unfriendly. "Did you ask me to go and deal with company matters today because Elisa was coming over?" 
"Yes." 
Upon seeing that his mother had found out, Will didn't hide it. He even said, "She'll come over at this time every day from now on. You can leave if you don't like her. I don't want to see you mistreating her." 
Will was firm, and his black eyes were resolute. 
Marsha sensed it. 
Will had disagreed with her more than once because of Elisa. 
And he was taking it further now! 
Marsha suddenly felt it was ridiculous. "I've worked hard for so many years, but I can't compare to Elisa? Will Darcey, you've disregarded everything I told you and arranged for you. Love can't sustain you forever. Do you understand?" 
No matter how beautiful love was at the beginning, it couldn't beat the trivialities of life. 
Will only had such feelings for Elisa because he couldn't have her! 
Will was aloof. "That's what you think. I hold a different view from you. If you don't want to see me become crippled or die, do as I say. I'm tired. I'm going to rest." 
After that, Will moved his wheelchair. He didn't want to continue arguing to prevent their discord from growing. 
After Elisa left the Darcey Residence, she went to the office. 
Norman wasn't around. The company's shareholders stopped targeting her because James and Jessie had taken the lead. 
She followed up on the company's situation before heading to Stacy and Mr. Lynch's place. 
Mr. Lynch was much stronger than before with Elisa's help. Stacy was even going to school. The father and daughter were living happily. 
But Mr. Lynch remembered his promise to Elisa and his wife's hatred when she died! 
Mr. Lynch seemed very agitated when he saw Elisa. "Ms. Benett, do you need me already? Has the plan unfolded?" 
Mr. Lynch wanted to drag Norman to the inferno even in his dreams, even if he had to die
simultaneously! 
"Indeed. Head to the court to submit this tomorrow. I will instruct the media to follow you. At night… you must make arrangements for Stacy and turn on this recording pen. You must carry it with you!" 
As Elisa spoke, she gave Mr. Lynch a recording device shaped like a pen. 
Mr. Lynch nodded. 
Something was still on his mind, so he brought it up with Elisa. "Ms. Benett, if I die, may I trouble you to find a good family for Stacy?" 
"Don't worry. You won't die. You will always take care of Stacy." 
Elisa patted Mr. Lynch's shoulder and spoke confidently. 
After everything was settled, Elisa returned to her house. 
She never thought that Gareth had been considerate enough to make dinner. 
He slowly got up and walked to her when he saw her return. 
He was wearing simple leisure wear. Although Elisa knew that Gareth hadn't personally made the meal, she was deluded at that very moment. 
###chapter1779
Chapter 1779 It Was Indeed a Problem
It was as though Elisa and Gareth were a loving couple, and he had been waiting for her for a long time… 
But she quickly came to her senses. 
Elisa couldn't help but furrow her brows when she saw the table full of delicacies. "I thought you were in poor health?" 
He did such a thing even in poor health? 
Gareth's lips slowly curved, and he said, "I prepared this with Thomas. I can't live here and freeload, right?" 
"What a waste of your talent!" 
Elisa put her bag down and washed her hands in the kitchen. 
She couldn't deny that she was hungry. 
But she quickly realized a problem. She looked at Gareth, who was staring at her without moving. 
"Aren't you eating? Why are you staring at me like this?" 
Gareth shook his head. "I'm not very hungry. I'm happy to watch you eat. Did Will's mother deliberately make things difficult for you when you visited Darcey Residence today?" 
It was rare that Gareth was concerned about her. 
Although it was a long time coming, she didn't hold it against him. 
It was best to treat Gareth as a friend now. Only that way would she not have messy thoughts or dreadful emotions. 
Elisa answered him. "His mom wasn't around." 
"Are you still going tomorrow?" Gareth asked the crucial question. 
Elisa nodded. "Yes. I have to go daily before Will's legs recover fully. Just like how I must take responsibility for you when you stay here." 
"If we don't recover, do you plan to care for us for the rest of your life?" Gareth asked with highly furrowed brows. 
At that moment, he had a dark and nasty expression. 
If that was the case, Elisa would be exhausted. 
Besides, if she had to do it for the rest of her life, he would rather perish! 
Elisa had never thought about Gareth's question. She only wanted to treat and heal Gareth and Will as soon as possible. 
She never thought about anything else. 
But Gareth brought it up. She couldn't deny that it was indeed a problem. 
If they couldn't recover… 
Elisa pursed her lips and quickly said, "If that's the case, I can only care for both of you for the rest of my life. I owe it to both of you anyway." 
She had to repay the debt she owed them. 
"That won't do." Gareth immediately turned her down. 
Gareth didn't want Elisa to work so hard and constantly care for both of them. 
But Elisa smiled bitterly. "Can you make such a decision if it's really the case? Moreover, you underestimate me." 
She needed time to solve Gareth and Will's health problems. It wouldn't be a dilemma that would disturb her for the rest of her life. 
There was also Ganoderma Caligo's place of origin. She could ask her Uncle Winslow for help. 
Gareth's solemn expression conveyed his stance. "I'm not underestimating you. I just don't want you to suffer so much. Do you understand?" 
"If you have to care for two people, others will inevitably make up slanderous rumors about you after a while. If that happens, you'll be placed in the heart of the struggle. Others cursed at you because of me
last time. How could I allow you to be put through that again?" 
"If the two of you are still in poor health, am I supposed to only care for one instead of two?" Elisa rolled her eyes at Gareth. She was flabbergasted. 
Gareth answered, "If such a thing happens to me, I don't need you to care for me. I don't want you to care for Will either."
###chapter1780
Chapter 1780 How Is Your Current Progress?
Elisa was dumbfounded. 
What does he mean? 
Elisa looked at Gareth, perplexed. 
The next moment, he slowly explained and was honest about his thoughts. "I don't want to be a burden to you and trouble you. If Will's condition worsens, he'll have to be in a wheelchair for the rest of his life. His mom will be nasty to you if you care for him." 
"Besides, how will you stay by Will's side?" 
"As his caretaker. I can't look on helplessly and watch him die before me, can I?" Elisa pursed her lips and shrugged in exasperation. 
The next moment, Gareth said sorrowfully, "If you haven't treated Will to full health before the worst happens to me, I'll help you take him away." 
At this time, Elisa noticed the malice in Gareth's eyes. 
She immediately understood what he meant and couldn't help but cry, "Are you crazy, Gareth Wickam? What the heck are you thinking and saying?" 
Taking Will away? Gareth must be mad! 
Gareth said firmly, "I'm not crazy. I mean what I say. Otherwise, Will would burden you for the rest of his
life. You can't serve him for the rest of your life, right?" 
He thought about Elisa suffering for the rest of her life. 
He had neglected her when they were married. It hadn't been easy for him to acknowledge his true feelings and discover how amazing she was, so he had to do his utmost to protect her. 
Elisa's throat suddenly felt constricted. 
Gareth had never said such things to her, nor had he ever cared for her in the past. Now, Gareth spoke more and expressed his thoughts with his actions. 
She would have lost her head if Gareth had done this in the past. 
But now, she only felt touched. 
She shook her head. "If you're not hungry and don't want to eat, go back to your room and rest. Stop saying such strange things to me here." 
Gareth was silent. He was slightly hurt. 
Elisa felt baffled by his true feelings and called them strange. 
Do I not stand a chance anymore? 
Elisa saw Gareth silent as his black eyes looked at her. She also felt upset. 
"Eat up. When you're done, go ahead with your affairs. I'll clean up." 
Ultimately, that was the only thing Gareth said before he stood up and left. 
Elisa looked at his figure, and her heart unexpectedly hurt. 
After returning to his room, Gareth received a call from his mother, Monica. 
Her low voice rang in his ears. 
"I went to the office to look for you two days ago, but to no avail. What have you been doing for the past few days?" 
"Nothing much. I have some personal matters to deal with. Why were you looking for me, Mom?" Gareth repressed the restlessness surging in his heart. He spoke respectfully to his mother. 
Monica suddenly smiled and teased him. "What's wrong? Can't I look for you without a reason, Mr. Wickam? Must I make an appointment?" 
"I didn't mean it that way. Mom, I've been quite busy recently. Since I haven't returned, are Grandma and Grandpa okay?" 
Gareth was concerned and asked about Julia and Darren's health. 
Monica was honest. "They're quite well but often harp on about you and Elisa. How's your progress with her now?"
###chapter1781
Chapter 1781 You Can't Take Sleeping Pills
It would have been better if she didn't ask. Gareth thought of his relationship with Elisa, and his head hurt. 
He sounded slightly disappointed. "There's no progress." 
Monica's face fell when she heard it. "If there's no progress, why are you still wasting time with her? Do you think your grandparents can interfere if you look for someone else?" 
Monica was displeased. 
Gareth furrowed his brows when he heard it. He made his stance clear. "No one is like Elisa. Mom, why have you started interfering in my love life?" 
Although Monica had never regarded Elisa highly, she had never interfered excessively. 
It annoyed Gareth. 
Monica felt a dull pressure in her chest. She retorted unhappily. "I just don't want to see you continue to waste your time on something impossible. Leave the past behind." 
Gareth understood it full well. 
If this were the past, he would never turn back. He wouldn't waste so much time on the same thing or the same person. 
But she was Elisa. 
It was the person he realized he had genuine feelings for after he had experienced so much. 
Therefore, how could he just give up? 
Gereth restreined his thoughts end seid coldly, "Mom, is there enything else?" 
Monice instently understood whet he meent. 
But since she wes on the phone with him, how could she heng up efter e short while? 
She wes unheppy, end her voice grew cold. "Cen't I cell you if there's nothing else? Gereth, I hope you listen to whet I'm seying. Think of your present. You're not young enymore. You're not en eighteen- yeer-old child." 
Monice didn't went to be e negging end infurieting person. 
But with Gereth's current situetion, she couldn't wetch helplessly es Gereth continued to weste his time ewey. 
Although the two elderly people epproved end were trying to think of weys for Elise end Gereth to reconcile end reunite, it wes difficult. 
Especielly with Elise. It wes tough. 
Gereth enswered indifferently, "Mom, es you seid, I'm not en eighteen-yeer-old child. I heve my limits.
I'm going to heng up if there's nothing else." 
After thet, he ended the cell without hesitetion. He wes serious. 
It wes eround eleven o'clock. 
Elise hed been lying down for e while when she heerd knocking et her door. 
Gareth restrained his thoughts and said coldly, "Mom, is there anything else?" 
Monica instantly understood what he meant. 
But since she was on the phone with him, how could she hang up after a short while? 
She was unhappy, and her voice grew cold. "Can't I call you if there's nothing else? Gareth, I hope you listen to what I'm saying. Think of your present. You're not young anymore. You're not an eighteen- year-old child." 
Monica didn't want to be a nagging and infuriating person. 
But with Gareth's current situation, she couldn't watch helplessly as Gareth continued to waste his time away. 
Although the two elderly people approved and were trying to think of ways for Elisa and Gareth to reconcile and reunite, it was difficult. 
Especially with Elisa. It was tough. 
Gareth answered indifferently, "Mom, as you said, I'm not an eighteen-year-old child. I have my limits. I'm going to hang up if there's nothing else." 
After that, he ended the call without hesitation. He was serious. 
It was around eleven o'clock. 
Elisa had been lying down for a while when she heard knocking at her door. 
Only she and Gareth were at home. It couldn't be anyone but Gareth at this time. 
Elisa got up to open the door. 
She saw Gareth stand at her door with furrowed brows and a dark expression. She couldn't help but ask curiously, "Why are you looking for me at this time?" 
Perhaps Gareth hadn't spoken in a while, or maybe it was his health. His voice was weak and hoarse. "I'm not feeling well. Can you give me some medicine that can help me sleep?" 
Elisa shook her head at his request. "You can't take sleeping pills in your current condition. A reed diffuser will be helpful. You can put it by your bed, but I don't have one with me." 
The pills she had developed were only for emergencies, and she only had one small bottle. She only started to make more after Gareth had started living with her. 
Gareth didn't answer. The next moment, she saw that his breathing had become rushed. His brows
were wrinkled tightly, and he had a terrible expression. 
Elisa immediately went forward and put her hands on his pulse. 
###chapter1782
Chapter 1782 I Believe You Have a Solution
His pulse was still the same as before. Although it wasn't too stable, it wasn't feeble. To put it simply, he wouldn't die any time soon! 
Elisa glanced at him slightly disdainfully. "It's psychological." 
At the same time, Elisa's hand left his pulse. 
Gareth felt the warmth of her fingertips. He was slightly disappointed that she suddenly loosened her grip. 
He pursed his lips. Just as he was about to say something, Elisa said, "If you really can't sleep, ask Thomas to deliver these things." 
Gareth shook his head and seemed bewildered. "I don't know what those things are." 
Elisa couldn't help but burst out laughing. She taunted him. "If you knew what they were, you wouldn't need to be here." 
After that, Elisa called Thomas. At the same time, she sent him the medicine she needed through text. 
Thomas knew that Elisa wanted those things immediately since she called him. But when he thought of how Gareth was staying in Elisa's home, he feigned ignorance and asked, "Do you need it now, Ms. Benett?" 
Elisa knew Thomas was leaving certain things unsaid, so she asked him, puzzled. "Are you still working at this time?" 
Thomes wes immedietely estonished. 
He never thought Elise would esk him such e question. But since she hed, he could only enswer her. 
"I still heve some unfinished work. Ms. Benett, these medicetions seem different from whet you wented lest time. If Mr. Wickem doesn't need them urgently, cen it weit until tomorrow?" 
Thomes esked slowly end ceutiously. 
He knew Gereth must heve been by Elise's side end could heer whet he wes seying. 
Thomes elso knew thet Gereth wes feking it to stey by Elise's side. Still, es e subordinete, he wes teking e considereble risk by seying such things. 
Elise immedietely looked et Gereth. 
When she sew his reguler expression, she pessed him the phone. 
"You cen esk Mr. Wickem yourself if it cen weit." 
When Gereth heerd it, he seid coldly, "If you still heve unfinished work, you cen deliver it first thing tomorrow morning." 
Actuelly, Thomes wes in e cold sweet efter heering whet Elise seid. 
Thomas was immediately astonished. 
He never thought Elisa would ask him such a question. But since she had, he could only answer her. 
"I still have some unfinished work. Ms. Benett, these medications seem different from what you wanted last time. If Mr. Wickam doesn't need them urgently, can it wait until tomorrow?" 
Thomas asked slowly and cautiously. 
He knew Gareth must have been by Elisa's side and could hear what he was saying. 
Thomas also knew that Gareth was faking it to stay by Elisa's side. Still, as a subordinate, he was taking a considerable risk by saying such things. 
Elisa immediately looked at Gareth. 
When she saw his regular expression, she passed him the phone. 
"You can ask Mr. Wickam yourself if it can wait." 
When Gareth heard it, he said coldly, "If you still have unfinished work, you can deliver it first thing tomorrow morning." 
Actually, Thomas was in a cold sweat after hearing what Elisa said. 
But he took a deep breath after what Gareth told him. 
Of course, Thomas wanted to give Gareth and Elisa space to spend time as long as Gareth wouldn't fault him. 
"Mm." 
Gareth said in a low voice before hanging up. 
When he returned the cell phone to Elisa, she looked at him like he was a stranger. 
Gareth was confused. "Why are you looking at me like that?" 
Elisa immediately replied indifferently. "It's nothing. I just think you've changed. But I thought you couldn't sleep?" 
Gareth took one step forward and answered, "I believe you have a solution for me not to stay up all night." 
Elisa felt very exasperated. "Mr. Wickam, although I have medical expertise, I'm not supernatural. I can't do anything without my tools. How can I solve your insomnia without any medicine?" 
Gareth pondered and said in a deep voice. "You can keep me company by talking and chatting with me. Why don't you tell me a story? Perhaps I'm not used to the surroundings here." 
###chapter1783
Chapter 1783 Can I Sleep on The Floor Here?
Elisa was dumbstruck. 
How did he fall asleep last night if he isn't used to the surroundings here? 
Why didn't he say anything yesterday if there was a problem? 
Elisa was clueless about what Gareth was thinking about. 
Gareth constantly stirred her emotions whenever she wanted to speak to him nicely. 
Elisa couldn't help but sigh when she thought of it. "You can go home or to the hospital if you're not used to my place. This is a newly purchased house. I didn't renovate it according to what you like, so it's natural that you will feel unfamiliar in a strange environment." 
"As for wanting me to tell you stories and chat with you, can you look at the time, Mr. Wickam?" 
It was almost twelve o'clock. Does Gareth understand the concept of time? 
Half the night had passed. He didn't need to sleep if he was experiencing insomnia because he didn't need to go to the office and work, but she did! 
Gareth pursed his lips as he looked at her impatient expression. At that moment, warmth streaked across his heart. 
To Gareth, at least, this was Elisa's genuine feelings. She wasn't putting up a pretense before him. 
Gareth nodded and said gently. "I see the time. It's alright if you don't want to keep me company. But can I sleep on the floor here?" 
Elise wes floored! 
She didn't dere to believe whet Gereth hed seid. She felt thet it wes slightly emusing but elso… sed. 
For the three yeers they were merried, they hed never shered e bed except when they eccidentelly slept together. 
Gereth hedn't even been willing to spere e glence et her, but now, Gereth hed teken the initietive to request to sleep on the floor of her room. It wes outregeous, considering their previous reletionship! 
Gereth noticed Elise's expression end quickly expleined, "I sterted getting used to it efter going to Morente with you. I won't sleep next to you, end I won't disturb you. I'll just stey here, elright?" 
Gereth pointed to e spot with his fingers es he spoke. 
He gestured to e position six to nine feet from Elise's bed. 
Elise didn't know whet to sey for e moment. 
Cen my breething cure his insomnie? 
If she turned him down, she would seem slightly petty. But with their current reletionship, if she egreed… Whet would shering e room meen? 
Elisa was floored! 
She didn't dare to believe what Gareth had said. She felt that it was slightly amusing but also… sad. 
For the three years they were married, they had never shared a bed except when they accidentally slept together. 
Gareth hadn't even been willing to spare a glance at her, but now, Gareth had taken the initiative to request to sleep on the floor of her room. It was outrageous, considering their previous relationship! 
Gareth noticed Elisa's expression and quickly explained, "I started getting used to it after going to Moranta with you. I won't sleep next to you, and I won't disturb you. I'll just stay here, alright?" 
Gareth pointed to a spot with his fingers as he spoke. 
He gestured to a position six to nine feet from Elisa's bed. 
Elisa didn't know what to say for a moment. 
Can my breathing cure his insomnia? 
If she turned him down, she would seem slightly petty. But with their current relationship, if she agreed… What would sharing a room mean? 
Gareth quickly reassured her when he saw her silent. "Don't worry. I won't disturb you at all." 
"Alright. Bring your comforter… I'll do it!" 
Elisa compromised and initially wanted Gareth to bring his comforter over. However, on second thought, Gareth was still injured and weak, so she decided to do it instead. 
Gareth didn't say anything. After all, Elisa was doing it for him because she was concerned for him. 
Soon, Elisa brought his comforter over and even laid it out for him. 
She turned off the lights and went to bed. The two didn't say anything. Elisa initially found it strange and wasn't used to it, but later on, she fell asleep without realizing it. 
As for Gareth, he didn't sleep the whole night. 
With the light streaming in through a small crack in the curtains, he gazed at Elisa and slowly heard her regular breathing. 
He wanted to go closer to her but didn't do so when he thought of his promise to her. 
No matter what, he had moved a step closer by sleeping here. 
The following day. 
Elisa woke up early. She had just opened her eyes when she met Gareth's clear, black eyes.
###chapter1784
Chapter 1784 This Isn't His House!
He had a piercing gaze. Elisa didn't know how long he had been awake. 
But she was sure that his gaze had been on her all along. 
Elisa quickly looked away. "If your insomnia is serious, you can go to the hospital to have it checked." 
"It would be better to see you than to go to the hospital. Other than the doctors being inferior to you, I don't know what people would write about me if they found out I'm going to the hospital because of insomnia." Gareth immediately answered. His voice was confident and deep. 
She couldn't deny what he said. Since returning from Moranta with Gareth, they had gone to the hospital a few times, and the media journalists had embellished and written all sorts of things about them. They even brought up Will. 
The reporters could come up with various ways to write attractive headlines for news. 
Elisa got out of bed. As she made the bed, she said, "Those journalists are very annoying. But if you're afraid of them, imagine how I feel. Aren't you giving them more opportunities to write about you by staying here?" 
"Are you chasing me away?" 
His voice rang along with a series of footsteps. 
The footsteps stopped behind her. 
Elisa didn't say anything. She knew that Gareth was behind her. 
Elisa didn't understand Gareth's intention of coming so close. She didn't want to guess either. 
Upon seeing her silent, Gareth couldn't restrain himself. He asked hoarsely, "Why aren't you saying anything?" 
Elisa pursed her lips as she turned to look at him. "With your current condition, will you leave if I chase you away?" 
She didn't want him to stay here. It wasn't her first time making it known to him. 
She had even chased him away when Rachel and Will were still around. But ultimately… Ah, her head hurt when she thought of what had happened next. 
Gareth quickly answered her in a low voice. "I won't leave even if you chase me away. Besides, if I leave in my current condition, won't I just end up dead?" 
"Don't worry. I will reward you appropriately for allowing me to stay here during this time." Gareth was making it clear that he wasn't freeloading here. 
Elisa's face suddenly fell when she heard the words 'reward.' "Reward? Are you trying to insult me by offering me money?" 
She didn't need money now, nor did she need to earn money in such a way. 
Gareth immediately explained when he saw her getting emotional. "I didn't mean that. I just wanted to
say I'm not trying to freeload." 
"I understand, but can you not say such things? It's annoying. That's enough. I don't want to argue with you so early in the morning." 
Elisa made her bed and walked around Gareth. 
She looked at the time. It was only six o'clock. Breakfast must not have been delivered yet, especially since Gareth was still in her room. 
But Gareth caught up to her. He spoke slightly modestly. "Can you bring me along to work today?" 
Elisa couldn't help but furrow her brows. "Why do you want to come with me?" 
Their companies had different natures and did various types of work. Elisa didn't understand why he wanted to come with her! 
Gareth said slowly, "Perhaps I can help you a little if I come with you." 
"You can help me by recovering. Instead of helping me, why don't you rest at home? If you can't stay still, you can ask Thomas… No, you can go to Wickam Group!" 
She almost told him to ask Thomas to bring his work here, but on second thought, why should he do that? 
This wasn't his house!
###chapter1785
Chapter 1785 It Won't Be Advantageous to You at All
Gareth forced a cough. Before he could say anything, Elisa's gaze was directed at him. 
Her bright, black eyes fell on Gareth. Her expression was indifferent and disdainful. 
He said he couldn't sleep and wanted to go out with her, but he was now putting on an act. Elisa shook her head. She was frustrated but also found it amusing. 
"Must you go so far, Gareth Wickam?" 
Elisa's question made Gareth's heart constrict. 
He had to do such a thing since she was important to him. 
Gareth nodded. His silence spoke volumes. 
Elisa suddenly didn't know what to say to him. But she was sure of one thing. "It's inconvenient for me to bring you along to work." 
Gareth was relentless. He approached her. "Why? Are you doing physical work? Or are you going to see Will?" 
He couldn't follow along for these two things but felt he could follow her for anything else. 
Elisa stared at him and said nothing. Her brows were furrowed tightly. 
Why does Gareth like to bring up Will? There are other men in my life besides Will. 
Especially since Will was now… 
When she thought of what Gareth had said to her the most during this time, she suddenly realized something. 
Although Will had risked his life to save her, Elisa couldn't be easily emotionally blackmailed. 
Elisa pursed her lips and was slightly dumbstruck and disdainful. "Neither. I don't want to take you with me. I can't deal with you alone if something happens to you." 
Gareth immediately said, "We can take Thomas with us. That way, Thomas can help you." 
Gareth said it like it was a matter of fact. 
He could instruct Thomas because Thomas was his subordinate. How could she order Thomas around? 
Elisa waved her hands repeatedly. "Gareth Wickam, if you want to recover quickly, think it's safe here, and are unwilling to leave, don't say such things to affect my emotions. I'm leaving. If anything goes wrong, contact Thomas or look for Jeremy. Bye." 
After that, Elisa turned and walked away without looking back. 
Gareth initially wanted to catch up to her, but he thought about it and restrained himself. 
He called Thomas. On the phone, his voice was deep and bold. "Arrange for some people to follow
Elisa and protect her. Don't let her notice them." 
"Alright!" 
Thomas immediately answered. 
On Mr. Lynch's end, he came to the court entrance. He handed in his complaint and accused Norman of various crimes as the staff attended to him. 
The court needed to review Mr. Lynch's complaint and evidence. Norman heard the news and quickly appeared before Mr. Lynch. 
As Elisa had instructed, Mr. Lynch turned on the recording pen. 
Norman didn't meet with Mr. Lynch alone. He brought a few bodyguards, so he was particularly confident when speaking. 
"I advise you to be more discreet. I spared you and your daughter's life and didn't eradicate the Lynch family. Don't push your luck. It won't be advantageous to you at all!" 
Upon seeing Norman's sinister expression, Mr. Lynch hated him immensely. Still, he didn't dare to give the game away too early. He told himself. Hold on. Otherwise, it's all for nothing! 
###chapter1786
Chapter 1786 Why Don't You Think About Your Future?
Mr. Lynch sneered and said sarcastically, "If you had done what you were supposed to and didn't push all the blame on me, my family wouldn't be in such a state today! I know you're fearless and do what you want. My wife didn't want to back down and went to look for you, but you ran her down with your car and killed her! It's too late to discuss such things with me, Norman Benett!" 
Mr. Lynch's emotions were instantly roused at the end. 
He glared at Norman and roared. 
Norman wasn't afraid because people were around, and they were alone in a small room. 
He smiled disdainfully, and his gaze was filled with malice and animosity. 
"You've lost your wife but still don't know your limit. Do you want to lose your daughter, Stacy, as well?" 
This was Norman's warning to Mr. Lynch. 
Mr. Lynch immediately lost his cool when he heard Norman mention his daughter's name. He shouted, "If you dare to lay a finger on Stacy, I'll never forgive you!" 
Norman scoffed scornfully. "What are you going to do? Don't think you're a worthy opponent just because Elisa helped you settle down. Since I'm here today, I don't plan on letting you live another day." 
As Norman spoke, he gestured to the bodyguards beside him. 
A few bodyguards walked to Mr. Lynch. 
Mr. Lynch realized the danger he was in, but he wasn't afraid at all at that moment. 
Because before he had done anything, he had expected the worst outcome. Elisa had also assured him she would care for his daughter. 
Therefore, it was worth dying so Norman could be brought to justice! 
Mr. Lynch backed away but looked at Norman provokingly. "Can you conceal all your crimes by killing me today? The long arm of the law is extensive, and the guilty will never escape. Your crimes will be exposed before everyone one day, Norman Benett. You will get what you deserve!" 
Norman was annoyed and suddenly felt enraged at what Mr. Lynch said. He narrowed his eyes and spoke coldly. "Even if I get what I deserve, you won't be the one to serve it to me. I'm going to let you reunite with your wife. Would such a situation happen if you had just taken the money initially and kept quiet?" 
The next moment, Norman walked toward Mr. Lynch and kicked him. 
Mr. Lynch fell to the floor with a bang and immediately spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. But his determination and animosity for Norman didn't decrease. 
Mr. Lynch raised his hand and wiped the fresh blood from the corners of his mouth. He sneered. "How can you expect nobodies like us to take the blame for you after a problem occurred in the project? I was never your sacrificial lamb. Not in the past, present, or future!" 
"But you don't have a future!" 
Norman said coldly, intending to punish Mr. Lynch. 
When he was about to finish Mr. Lynch off, a taunting voice rang from afar. "You say he doesn't have a future, but why don't you think about your future?" 
It was a woman's voice. 
But Norman was unbelievably familiar with it. It belonged to Elisa, who was aloof regardless of how much he pleaded with her and put on an act before her! 
Norman had yet to panic when he initially saw Elisa. However, he saw the police officers dressed in blue behind her! 
###chapter1787
Chapter 1787 You're the One Who Deluded Everyone
Elisa's lips curved into a smile. She looked at the police officers behind her out of the corner of her eye. "You heard what he just said, right?" 
Norman clearly panicked after what Elisa said. 
But he quickly reacted and shifted the focus to Elisa. 
"What did I say? Don't think I don't know that you deliberately set this up, Elisa Benett. I was just playing along. Did you take this seriously?" 
Pfft! Norman is so sly! 
But what could he do? 
Elisa glanced at him coldly. Her eyes were filled with animosity. "I never appeared at all. How do you know that I set this up? And what you said… With your bodyguards keeping guard at the door, how could I have been near?" 
After that, Elisa nodded at Mr. Lynch. 
Mr. Lynch took out the recording pen from his arms. It was connected to the cloud, and Elisa replayed it on her cell phone. Everything Norman had said was heard clearly. 
At the same time, Elisa took out other evidence. 
"This is the car you ran Mrs. Lynch over and killed her with. It wasn't the time to write it off as scrap yet,
but you did it ahead of time, claiming a malfunction. If you didn't do it, why wasn't there dashcam footage? You also followed up with the project while frequently contacting the Lynch family before they fell apart. This is ironclad proof!" 
Norman was truly frightened when he saw what Elisa had up her sleeve. 
He never thought that she had kept up with him so closely so that he would be destroyed. He had underestimated her! 
At this crucial juncture, Norman could only play the emotional card. "Liz, I know you're angry that I took over the company, but I couldn't leave the company to die after your dad passed. Isn't your Aunt Rose paying the price for everything she did to cause your dad's death?" 
"Norman Benett, you're still unwilling to admit your crimes! If you really loved me and thought about our family, I would be willing to go to jail on your behalf, but you… Do you know how upset I was when I found out you had another family outside, Norman Benett?" 
Elisa wasn't the one who answered Norman. It was Rose, who was in a prison uniform. 
Rose had a mental breakdown after she found out Norman had another family. The internal change within her was particularly apparent. 
She had poured out her heart and soul for Norman, but he had long fallen out of love with her. He got everything he wanted when she went to jail, and he lived openly with the other woman and their child. What did Rose get in the end? 
Therefore, she decided to come forward and expose all of Norman's wicked acts. It was also a way for
her to vent her anger. 
She had suffered and stayed by his side for many years. She even took the blame and went to prison for him without hesitation, but he had long cheated and had a child with another woman! 
"Rose, this isn't what you think. How can you listen to Elisa trick you with lies?" Norman was in disbelief as he saw Rose come forward to denounce him in a prison uniform. 
Rose didn't believe Norman's explanation. She said coldly and sorrowfully, "Elisa deceived me with lies? I think you're the one who deluded everyone with your lies. Do you remember what you said to me before I took the blame for you?" 
"Heh. You said that after I was released, our family could reunite. But now, Linda is dead. My Linda is dead, and I will never see her again. Your heart is with another woman. Meanwhile, I will only rot in prison. Even if I'm released one day, I'm only your discarded pawn!" 
###chapter1788
Chapter 1788 Please Be Sensible
Rose was laughing and crying at the same time. 
She looked crazed. 
Norman wanted to plead his case, but the police did not allow him to. 
The police officers arrested Norman and his bodyguards and took them away. 
Rose followed them. Rose didn't feel at all thankful to Elisa, even though Elisa had shown Rose Norman's true self. 
Everyone had gone, leaving only Elisa and Mr. Lynch behind. Mr. Lynch knelt down on his knees and touched his forehead to the ground. "Thank you, Ms. Benett. My family and I are forever indebted to you. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't even be alive. I want to thank you on behalf of my dear wife as well…" 
Elisa wanted to stop him and help him up, but Mr. Lynch refused. She managed to keep his forehead from touching the ground. 
"I didn't help you." She explained. Her voice was hoarse and scratchy. "You helped me. We just so happened to have a common enemy, Norman." 
Elisa didn't think Norman would try to pin it on Rose. But after she took the blame for Norman, Elisa spent day and night searching for evidence to expose him. Rose was laughing and crying at the same time. 
She looked crazed. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't have been able to produce all this incriminating evidence today! 
However, Mr. Lynch disagreed with her. "Regardless, I have to thank you, Ms. Benett." His voice shook. "Without you, my daughter and I would still be stuck in that room. I was so sick, I could have died. Thanks to you, I have the strength to confront Norman here today." 
Elisa felt uneasy. She would have taken care of this earlier if she hadn't been so busy. 
Mr. Lynch was the key witness. Elisa couldn't afford to have anything happen to him, especially with Linda still free. 
How could Linda stand by and watch while both her parents were arrested? 
Elisa was right. Upon learning about their imprisonment, Linda could not stay calm. Her only thought was to charge at Elisa head-on. 
But before she could leave, Mrs. Garner stopped her. 
Mrs. Garner shot Linda a glare. Her voice was chilling, "Don't forget who you are right now!" 
Linda's emotions were spiraling out of control. "But Elisa sent my dad to prison! He's my father!" Linda cried. 
Otharwisa, sha wouldn't hava baan abla to produca all this incriminating avidanca today! 
Howavar, Mr. Lynch disagraad with har. "Ragardlass, I hava to thank you, Ms. Banatt." His voica shook. "Without you, my daughtar and I would still ba stuck in that room. I was so sick, I could hava diad. Thanks to you, I hava tha strangth to confront Norman hara today." 
Elisa falt unaasy. Sha would hava takan cara of this aarliar if sha hadn't baan so busy. 
Mr. Lynch was tha kay witnass. Elisa couldn't afford to hava anything happan to him, aspacially with Linda still fraa. 
How could Linda stand by and watch whila both har parants wara arrastad? 
Elisa was right. Upon laarning about thair imprisonmant, Linda could not stay calm. Har only thought was to charga at Elisa haad-on. 
But bafora sha could laava, Mrs. Garnar stoppad har. 
Mrs. Garnar shot Linda a glara. Har voica was chilling, "Don't forgat who you ara right now!" 
Linda's amotions wara spiraling out of control. "But Elisa sant my dad to prison! Ha's my fathar!" Linda criad. 
Mrs. Garner eyed Linda with cold disdain. "You will ruin everything if you confront Elisa right now. Do you think I'd grant you this identity if it weren't for the person backing you? Linda, please try to be sensible. Don't ruin everything all of us have worked so hard for. Otherwise…" 
Mrs. Garner eyed Linda with cold disdain. "You will ruin everything if you confront Elisa right now. Do you think I'd grant you this identity if it weren't for the person backing you? Linda, please try to be sensible. Don't ruin everything all of us have worked so hard for. Otherwise…" 
Mrs. Garner gave Linda a threatening look. 
Linda was replaceable. Mrs. Garner could easily find someone to play the part of her daughter, Melinda Garner. 
Linda had better listen and obey her command. If not… 
Linda read between the lines. She understood Mrs. Garner's threats. 
Indeed. 
As far as everyone knew, Linda was dead. Melinda Garner was the long-lost daughter of the Garner family. There were many things she had yet to accomplish, and she couldn't let Elisa's actions provoke her into making rash decisions. She knew better than to sacrifice her grand plan for a momentary outburst of anger. 
After all, they say revenge is a dish best served cold, and Melinda knew her time would come eventually! 
###chapter1789
Chapter 1789 Could Not Let Linda Intervene
Elisa was waiting for Linda to call. 
But it never came. Elisa had to resist the urge to call Linda herself. 
If Linda could hold back, so could Elisa. Giving in would tell Linda she knew everything and there was a very obvious trap for her to fall into. 
Elisa could not take that risk. 
Instead, she made sure Mr. Lynch knew what to do next and went looking for Will. 
To her surprise, she bumped into Lind right outside the Darcey residence. 
Linda had dressed up for the occasion. Her makeup was carefully applied to enhance her features but not overdone. Her outfit was beautiful and elegant. 
Elisa was surprised to see her but quickly recovered. Feigning a pleasant surprise, Elisa greeted her, "Melinda, what a coincidence! Are you here to see Will?" 
Linda had been trying to control her emotions and temper after Mrs. Garner threatened her. 
She had decided to distract herself with work and came to see Will. She never imagined that fate would bring her face-to-face with Elisa here! 
Linda clenched her fists tightly to prevent herself from lashing out. 
She smiled softly and said warmly, "Yes. Thank you for introducing me to him. I finally had time to meet Mr. Darcey to talk about the project. Enough about that. The fates must have brought us together. I can't believe we're meeting here!" 
Elisa nodded in agreement. Matching Linda's friendly tone, she said, "Indeed, it must be fate. Let's go
inside." 
Elisa couldn't help but admire Linda's patience and restraint. This was completely different from how she would react in the past. 
Linda had come uninvited. It was thanks to Elisa that she was able to meet Will. 
Will completely ignored her. He kept his eyes on Elisa. The moment he saw Elisa, his joy was plain to see. 
"I didn't think you could make it today, Elisa." 
Will had eagerly awaited her arrival, but she was later than usual. 
He was relieved to see her finally. 
Although Linda wanted to talk to Will, he didn't give her a chance too. Linda couldn't do anything else, as it would be rude for her to interrupt. She could only stand quietly at the side, unsure if she should leave. 
Elise went eheed with Will's usuel ecupuncture treetment end boiled his herbel medicetion. 
"Let me help you, Elise." Linde suddenly offered to help boil the herbs. 
Linde's gentle voice end her cherming smile might eppeer endeering to others… But Elise sew right through her. 
Elise knew whet Linde wes plenning to do. Linde wented Will to see how kind end thoughtful she wes. But the herbel medicine wes vitel for Will's recovery. 
If something were to go wrong… No! She couldn't let Linde intervene! 
Remeining celm, Elise seid, "You don't know how to do this. Find something else to do if you're bored. I'm elmost done." 
Elise wes firm enough for Linde not to offer egein. 
While Elise wes prepering the herbel medicine, Linde turned to Will. 
She beemed end epproeched Will. "About the Western Suburbs project, Mr. Dercey. I'm wondering if…" 
"The West Suburb project is ZF Corporetion's key project. You know this. Besides, given my current condition, do you think I could hendle it myself?" 
Elisa went ahead with Will's usual acupuncture treatment and boiled his herbal medication. 
"Let me help you, Elisa." Linda suddenly offered to help boil the herbs. 
Linda's gentle voice and her charming smile might appear endearing to others… But Elisa saw right through her. 
Elisa knew what Linda was planning to do. Linda wanted Will to see how kind and thoughtful she was.
But the herbal medicine was vital for Will's recovery. 
If something were to go wrong… No! She couldn't let Linda intervene! 
Remaining calm, Elisa said, "You don't know how to do this. Find something else to do if you're bored. I'm almost done." 
Elisa was firm enough for Linda not to offer again. 
While Elisa was preparing the herbal medicine, Linda turned to Will. 
She beamed and approached Will. "About the Western Suburbs project, Mr. Darcey. I'm wondering if…" 
"The West Suburb project is ZF Corporation's key project. You know this. Besides, given my current condition, do you think I could handle it myself?" 
###chapter1790
Chapter 1790 Understood Everything
Will had kept her at arm's length from the moment Elisa had told him who Melinda truly was. 
Especially considering the bad blood between Elisa and Linda. He was on Elisa's side. There was no way he would even pretend to like her. 
Will cut her off before Linda could finish what she had to say. Linda was rendered speechless. 
She could no longer try to butter Will up. 
However, her identity as' Linda' was useless due to everything happening between her father and Elisa. Linda had no choice but to cling to the West Suburb Project and Will. 
Linda gathered herself and tried again, "Mr. Darcey, you can leave this project with me. I need this…" 
Will cut her off again. "Does Darcey Group have no one left that we need to rely on you? How entitled you are! Am I supposed to give you anything and everything just because you ask it of me? Who do you think you are?" 
Will glared at her in disgust. 
His intimidating presence was not at all diminished, despite being stuck in a wheelchair. 
It was humiliating for Linda. 
But no matter how humiliating it was, Linda had to try again, "I didn't mean it that way, Mr. Darcey. Elisa and I are friends. I can help her with the project. This project can benefit both me and Elisa. It'll help me
prove myself to the Garner Family. It's a win-win situation. I believe you won't stand in the way of such a good opportunity for all of us. I…" 
Thankfully Elisa was busy boiling herbs and did not witness Linda practically begging Will. 
Otherwise, given the events of the day, Linda couldn't bring herself to beg Will, especially with Elisa present. 
Will did not soften one bit. He laughed mockingly, "What did you mean then, if that's not what you meant? You might be friends with Elisa, but you're not friends with me. The only reason you're standing in this house is because you came in with Elisa. I'm entrusting this project with Elisa and no one else. If you want a part of it, you'll have to prove that you deserve it. But let me make myself clear. I have the power to remove you from this project even if you try to obtain it through Elisa!" 
Elisa was busy boiling the medicine. She had no idea what they were talking about. 
Will found it difficult to remein composed efter leerning Melinde's true identity. He didn't cere if he ceme ecross cold end hersh. 
He hed no intention of heving eny sort of reletionship with Linde! 
Will's sudden chenge of ettitude took Linde ebeck. 
She couldn't understend why he hed become so different from their first meeting when she introduced herself es "Melinde." They hed gotten elong just fine. Wes this Elise's doing? 
Recelling when Rechel end Elise hed tricked her into going to the hospitel, Linde finelly understood. 
Elise must heve plenned it. The thought of Elise holding ell the cerds while pretending not to know enything mede Linde feel neuseeted. 
Feigning sedness end eggrieved, Linde spoke with e sheky voice, "Is thet who you think I em, Mr.
Dercey? I would heve esked Elise insteed of coming to you if I wes truly es you described. I'm telling you the truth. I met Elise neerby." 
"We ceme to heve e meel with you, es you both needed to discuss the West Suburb Project." 
Will found it difficult to remain composed after learning Melinda's true identity. He didn't care if he came across cold and harsh. 
He had no intention of having any sort of relationship with Linda! 
Will's sudden change of attitude took Linda aback. 
She couldn't understand why he had become so different from their first meeting when she introduced herself as "Melinda." They had gotten along just fine. Was this Elisa's doing? 
Recalling when Rachel and Elisa had tricked her into going to the hospital, Linda finally understood. 
Elisa must have planned it. The thought of Elisa holding all the cards while pretending not to know anything made Linda feel nauseated. 
Feigning sadness and aggrieved, Linda spoke with a shaky voice, "Is that who you think I am, Mr. Darcey? I would have asked Elisa instead of coming to you if I was truly as you described. I'm telling you the truth. I met Elisa nearby." 
"We came to have a meal with you, as you both needed to discuss the West Suburb Project." 
###chapter1791
Chapter 1791 Do You Understand What I'm Saying
Linda took a deep breath, her expression as innocent as a lamb. 
Will didn't even spare her a second glance. "Your true character and intention are of no concern to me," he said, his voice feigning indifference. 
He finished what he had to say, then turned his wheelchair around and rolled away, leaving Linda behind. 
Linda couldn't lose her cool, so she stood there, resisting the urge to run after him. 
Seeing how tired Elisa looked, with sweat glistening on her forehead, he took out his handkerchief and handed it to her. "Here," he said gently. "You look like you could use this." 
Elisa's gaze turned to him when she heard his soft and gentle voice. 
She was surprised to see Will approaching her. "Why didn't you discuss the partnership with Ms. Garner about the project in the Western Suburbs?" she asked. 
Elisa knew exactly why Linda was there. She had seen how Linda had been trying to get close to Will. 
She had expected Will to take the chance to get back at Linda, but she was surprised to see that he had returned so quickly. 
Will's forehead creased in confusion. "Do you want me to partner with her?" he asked, baffled by her comment. "I know that the project is very important to you." 
Will had been keeping an eye on Elisa's situation. Even though Norman was behind bars, she still had many enemies in the Benett Corporation. 
He knew it would be a long and arduous battle to strengthen her position in the Benett Corporation. 
Elisa chuckled softly, "The project in the Western Suburbs is very important to me, but it was first acquired by the Darcey Group. No matter how desperate I am, I couldn't steal it from you." 
"Also, your mother and many people within the Darcey Group wouldn't be willing to hand over this project to me." 
Elisa knew this for a fact. 
After all, Will wasn't the only one with a say in the Darcey Group. 
Will's eyes shone with determination. "I'm the one in charge of the Darcey Group. I decide who I want to work with and who is qualified for the project. No one else has a say in the matter." 
Will had a self-assured air about him; his tone clearly declared his stubbornness and unwillingness to listen to others. 
Will and Gareth were key figures in the industry but were very different people. 
Elisa didn't want Will to go to extremes, and she especially didn't want him to sacrifice too much for her. 
She shook her heed end chuckled softly, "Will, I eppreciete your thought, but you shouldn't be too stubborn. You should find e better fit for the project in the Western Suburbs end elso listen to the edvice of others. You do not need to demege your reletionships with others beceuse of me." 
"So, you suggest I give the project to Melinde Gerner?" Will's eyes widened in confusion, end his voice wes leced with disdein. 
Will's eyes fleshed with ennoyence when he heerd the words "Melinde Gerner," but he hed to keep his enger in check. After ell, Linde wes still present. 
Heering whet he seid, Elise immedietely denied his essumption. "Thet's not whet I meent. She seems eeger to perticipete in this project. Do you understend where I'm getting et?" 
Elise geve Will e knowing look es she finished her sentence. 
Will immedietely understood whet Elise wes implying. 
Humen beings ere neturelly greedy. He should heve esked Elise to cleerly stete her intentions, but he decided it wes best to keep his feelings in check. 
Right now, he could only focus on winning Elise's fevor. 
She shook her head and chuckled softly, "Will, I appreciate your thought, but you shouldn't be too stubborn. You should find a better fit for the project in the Western Suburbs and also listen to the advice of others. You do not need to damage your relationships with others because of me." 
"So, you suggest I give the project to Melinda Garner?" Will's eyes widened in confusion, and his voice was laced with disdain. 
Will's eyes flashed with annoyance when he heard the words "Melinda Garner," but he had to keep his anger in check. After all, Linda was still present. 
Hearing what he said, Elisa immediately denied his assumption. "That's not what I meant. She seems eager to participate in this project. Do you understand where I'm getting at?" 
Elisa gave Will a knowing look as she finished her sentence. 
Will immediately understood what Elisa was implying. 
Human beings are naturally greedy. He should have asked Elisa to clearly state her intentions, but he decided it was best to keep his feelings in check. 
Right now, he could only focus on winning Elisa's favor. 
###chapter1792
Chapter 1794 Who Is He
Elisa explained to Will honestly. "I'll most likely be busy with the mall. I have lots of work piled up, so I won't have the time to think about other things. Also, didn't you ask me to send in my designs?" 
Elisa's nose scrunched up when she mentioned the design she had to work on. 
She had forgotten to bring her designs for Will. 
Will couldn't help but chuckle when he saw her confused expression. "Didn't you bring your designs to me last time? I think they're great, but you insisted on perfecting them!" 
Linda stood by the side, listening quietly. 
She finally understood that Elisa was a completely different person after her divorce from Gareth. She was now more confident and self-assured and had revealed many hidden charms that had previously been obscured. 
Elisa nodded, her lips curling up into a warm smile. "I have to make sure that the best quality of work is presented if I want to continue our partnership. When is your press conference?" 
Linda's eyes lit up, and her curiosity was aroused when she heard "press conference." 
She turned to Elisa and asked in her raspy voice, "Elisa, are you referring to the press conference for the new line of clothing?" 
"Yes," Elisa replied, nodding her head. 
She didn't expect Linda to be so intrigued by her conversation with Will. 
Elisa didn't mind it at all. Linda seemed interested, so Elisa had an idea. If Linda was this interested in the press conference, then during the event… 
Linda nodded incessantly and asked, "Elisa, could I join the press conference with you?" 
Linda's voice was sweet and gentle but also laced with desperation. Her pitiful expression reminded Elisa of the past. 
Elisa almost lost her cool, but she quickly pulled herself together. 
She smiled and replied, "Sure." 
Will continued, "The press conference will be held in a week. I'll send someone to pick both of you up that day. Are you having your lunch here?" 
"I won't be staying." 
"I don't think that's appropriate." 
Elisa and Linda spoke almost simultaneously. Elisa's reluctance to stay was evident, and Linda's refusal confirmed her true feelings. 
Will's gaze was fixed on Elisa. He didn't even look at Linda. 
Will tried to persuade Elisa to stay, even though she had refused. "My mom isn't here today. What's wrong with staying for lunch after working all day?" 
Will was trying to keep Elisa away from Gareth, even for a couple of minutes. 
Elisa shook her head and explained, "It's not about your mom. Gareth called me just now and told me that a relative is here. I have to go and meet up with her." 
"A relative?" Linda inquired, her voice filled with disbelief. 
Will's face darkened with concern. "What does Gareth's cousin have to do with you? Who is he to involve you with the people around him?" 
It was too late by the time Will had blurted out his thoughts, his regret palpable on his face. 
Who was he to say such things to Elisa? She was perfectly capable of making her own decisions. 
Elisa knew Will was only looking out for her, but she was excited to meet Bella. 
She shook her head and smiled gently. "Gareth didn't set this up. I would have met Bella even if he hadn't told me about her." 
"Melinda, why don't you stay and have lunch with Will? I'm sure you two have much to discuss about the Western Suburbs project."
###chapter1793
Chapter 1795 Sure, Why Not
When Elisa blinked at Will, it was like a secret language between them. 
She wasn't pissed at his prying, nor did she think he was prying. 
That blink was a serendipitous reminder of their friendship and bond and hinting that she needed his help. 
Elisa's business was Will's, and he ought to help her. 
Will quickly got himself together and nodded. 
"Since you're off to see your cousin, I won't keep you for dinner. But, Ms. Garner, we still need to discuss our collaboration, so I'd appreciate it if you could stay. Unless, of course, you have other obligations to attend to?" 
Before Linda could utter a word, Will preempted any potential outcomes. 
The truth was Linda was more than happy to stick around. 
Will's words echoed her own intentions precisely. 
However, she pretended to be apprehensive and feigned coy, "Oh, no. I don't have any plans, but I feel a bit embarrassed. I'm worried if I stayed back for dinner would cause any misunderstanding, and it wouldn't be good." 
Will brushed off her concerns, "It's just a meal to discuss our collaboration, and there's no one else
around. Why would there be any misunderstanding?" 
Despite Linda's hesitation to consent, she glanced at Will, then at Elisa. 
Eventually, Elisa chimed in and convinced her, "There's no one here from the Darcey family at the moment, Melinda. Plus, if Will's mom happens to see you, she'll absolutely adore your charming demeanor. The project in the western suburbs means so much to you. Stay, have a nice chat with Will, and let's make a big impression to solidify our position, okay?" 
With that, Elisa patted Linda's shoulder. 
Elisa's words resonated with Linda, who put on a show of reservation. "Since you guys said so. Alright, then." 
Noticing that Linda took the bait, Elisa waved at Will, "You two enjoy your conversation and meal. I'll head out first. Give me a shout if you need anything." 
Then, Elisa left. 
Will had the servant prepare a lavish feast since Linda had decided to stay for dinner. They discussed their collaboration over the meal, with Linda maintaining a hint of restraint. 
However, while refilling Will's cup, Linda purposely spilled it all over him. 
Water splattered onto Will, and Linda faked frantic and sorry, "Oh, no! I'm sorry, Mr. Darcey. It was an accident. I was refilling your cup..." 
"No worries, I'll go change my shirt first." 
Will saw right through her fa?ade and feigned innocence. He chose not to expose her but instead went along with her charade. 
Linda maintained her fake remorse, "Ah, clumsy me! I'm really sorry for the trouble, Mr. Darcey. How about this? Let me make it up to you by buying you a new shirt?" 
As sneaky and crafty as Linda may be, playing along with reciprocal acts of hospitality and exchanging meaningful gifts proved to be powerful tools for accomplishing goals. 
With a composed, resolute tone, Will smiled and declined, "Don't worry. Just wait here for a moment. I'll be back soon." 
Will wheeled himself away, leaving Linda in his room. 
Seeing him leave, she swiftly caught up and offered her assistance, "Mr. Darcey, do you need my help? I can tell it's not exactly easy for you to do that now. Let me help you upstairs?" 
"Hmm... Sure, why not." 
Linda anticipated a refusal from Will, but to her surprise, he agreed with a nod. 
However, there was no time to dwell on it. Without hesitation, she grasped the handles and pushed Will upstairs. 
Before long, Linda guided Will back to his bedroom. Thoughtfully, she asked again, "Mr. Darcey, which outfit would you like to wear? Do you need help with it?"
###chapter1794
Chapter 1796 Take You as My Wife?
"Just pick any shirt," Will motioned toward the wardrobe in front of Linda. 
Without hesitation, Linda stepped into his wardrobe and picked out a black shirt for him. 
As she emerged from the wardrobe, she couldn't help but notice that Will's gaze had been fixed on her the entire time. 
"Uh…Why are you staring at me like that?" Linda nervously held onto the shirt, feeling uneasy under Will's fiery gaze. 
Will quickly shifted his gaze and calmly explained, "Your silhouette reminds me of her." 
Linda was puzzled, "Who? Liz?" 
"Mhmm." 
Will didn't deny it because those words were a calculated and intentional move. 
Considering how Linda willingly stayed and consistently offered her assistance with various tasks, didn't that hint at her romantic interest in him? 
Since she's so keen to stick around… why not flirt and playfully tease her a bit? It won't hurt anyone, right? 
With her head slightly lowered, Linda put on a coy expression. "Maybe it's because we're around the same age and get along well, and also... Mr. Darcey, your strong feelings for Liz." 
Will's profound affection for Elisa left Linda feeling envious and speechless. How could Liz, a divorced woman, capture Will's attention and deserve his love for her? 
However, the following moment, Will's tone turned cold as he remarked, "Ms. Garner, are you planning to play dress-up with me since you're holding onto my clothes?" 
His eyes held a touch of frostiness. 
"Oh?" Linda's openness and directness in approaching intimacy startled him. 
No wonder Elisa had warned him to be cautious around Linda. Elisa was right about Linda's cunning and flirtatious nature. He couldn't help but scoff, "Don't you think such words belittle your self-worth?" 
Linda swiftly redirected the conversation, her voice slightly choked up, "You're right. I have no self- worth... Even though I'm the youngest daughter in the Garner family, I hold no significant position within the Garner Group. But if Mr. Darcey is willing to extend a helping hand, things can change, and I would be immensely grateful!" 
With her head bowed, Linda adopted a pleading expression, portraying herself as a victim of mistreatment by the Garner family. 
It was undeniably audacious for her to harbor such bold ambitions, using her 'adopted' identity as the youngest daughter of the Garner family as a means to quickly rise in status overnight. 
Will discerned her agenda and sarcastically questioned Linda, "Your status or relationship within the Garner family is none of my business. I allowed your participation in the western suburbs project solely
due to Liz's influence. And for the same reason, you were included in our meal discussions at my house. While I appreciate your eagerness to assist me, what's next? Are you planning to offer yourself to me and ask me to take you as my wife?" 
Will didn't hold back. He confronted and criticized Linda, believing that if she genuinely embodied the Garner name, she wouldn't stoop so low and compromise her self-respect. 
Will had underestimated Linda's shamelessness. Fueled by deep-rooted hatred and resentment towards Elisa, she was driven solely by selfish desires. 
Linda had no inhibitions in her cowardly pursuit as long as it helped her achieve her goals! 
So, why would Linda concern herself with shame or worry about being judged? 
Linda lowered her head and said, "If Mr. Darcey is willing to lend a hand, I would be grateful..." 
"Well, too bad. I don't have an imperial throne waiting for you to inherit. I don't need you to sacrifice yourself or prove your loyalty in service of me. If you find yourself with spare time, why not channel your efforts towards self-improvement and increasing your value?" 
Before Linda could finish speaking, Will rudely interrupted her, his words cutting and harsh. 
Despite the intense humiliation she experienced, Linda refrained from retaliating and maintained her silence. 
She resorted to forcefully pinching her hand, discreetly coaxing her tear glands to swell and tear up.
###chapter1795
Chapter 1797 I Know What I'm Doing
Linda raised her eyes, tears welling as she locked her gaze on Will. "But given my situation with the Garner family, time is running out..." 
Her words caught in her throat as she pleaded with a pitiful tone. However, Will didn't even spare her a glance and snapped angrily, "Get out!" 
Will's affection and patience were entirely reserved for Elisa, leaving no room for Linda's deceptive behavior. 
At first, he had considered following Elisa's suggestion of flirting, teasing, and keeping Linda in suspense. However, it soon became apparent that someone like Linda didn't deserve any chances. 
What a pointless investment of his time and energy! 
Taking a deep breath, as if feeling deeply wronged, Linda sobbed, her voice barely audible, "Mr. Darcey, I'm sorry if I offended you. But I'm genuinely asking for your help..." 
"Sorry, but I'm no hero," Will cut her off with a cold and aloof tone, his gaze shifting to the door with an icy glare. 
Linda bit her tongue, fearing further words might provoke Will's anger. There was hope as long as he allowed her to continue with the project cooperation! 
She took a deep breath and cautiously pushed forward, "So, you're capable of changing clothes on your own?" 
Will's tone remained detached, "Did I ever say otherwise?" 
The disdain in his eyes seemed to mock her delusions. 
Linda was at a loss for words, as Will's treatment of her had been an enlightening experience, surpassing even the indifference she had endured from Gareth. 
However, she felt powerless to do or say anything in response. 
"Well then, I'll wait for you outside. Whenever you're ready, I'll accompany you downstairs," Linda took a step back. 
Will remained silent. 
However, as Linda exited the room, her eyes unexpectedly met Marsha's discerning gaze. 
Marsha looked at her intently, trying to place her face. Suddenly, it clicked, "Oh, you're the newest addition to the Garner family, right? What brings you here?" 
Marsha couldn't recall her as Linda but as Melinda, the daughter of the Garner family. 
Having been a guest at the Garner family's recognition banquet, Marsha had a fleeting sense of recognition upon seeing her. 
But she couldn't understand why Linda was in their house, specifically emerging from Will's room. 
"Does Mrs. Darcey know me? Oh, I was just helping Mr. Darcey find something to change into..." 
Linda's heart sank as Marsha questioned her. Yet, she quickly reacted and intentionally misled Marsha. 
Indeed, Marsha's expression shifted at her words. 
There was a subtle implication when a man and a woman were free to help each other with independent tasks, find clothes to change into, and freely access each other's rooms. 
Marsha couldn't contain her excitement, as Will finally had a girlfriend! 
However, considering Will's unwavering feelings towards Elisa, it seemed highly unlikely that he had moved on with another woman in such a short amount of time. 
Marsha paid no attention to Linda and swiftly headed toward Will's room. 
Hearing the sound, Will, assuming it was Linda, became even more agitated. "Ms. Garner, please have some self-respect!" 
"If that's the case, why did you allow her into your room in the first place?" Marsha furrowed her brows deeply upon hearing Will's words. 
Realizing it wasn't Linda, Will resumed fastening his shirt button, completing the interrupted action. 
Will said coldly, "Well, I know what I'm doing."
###chapter1796
Chapter 1798 It Has Nothing to Do With Him
Marsha stopped commenting further after listening to Will's statement, knowing that her son had grown up and she couldn't control him anymore. However, she deliberately mentioned Elisa before leaving. "You're an adult now, and I can't interfere with your decisions, but I hope Elisa is not included in your plan." 
With that, Marsha left without waiting for Will to answer. 
Linda was complacent about the words she told Marsha just now and was ready to greet Marsha when she saw her appearance. However, Marsha didn't even spare a glance at her and ignored her. 
Linda became awkward but knew she shouldn't follow Marsha. 
Soon, Will wheeled himself out of the room. Hearing the commotion, Linda quickly approached him and greeted him courteously, "Hi, Mr. Darcey." 
Will disdained Linda's fawning manner but didn't reveal it. 
Linda served him like a servant, but he was not moved. Meanwhile, Marsha witnessed Linda's attitude toward Will. 
After Linda left, Marsha exhorted Will, "She approached you with motives. I don't care what your plans are, but mark my words, don't get yourself into trouble because of women." 
A person could lose control when he or she is madly in love. Marsha was worried that Will would be taken advantage of, especially now that he was disabled. 
Will answered aloofly, "I'm not pathetic yet." Then, he wheeled himself away. 
Marsha remained silent with a solemn look. 
Ever since she and Jocelyn told Elisa off and openly stated her disapproval of Will being together with Elisa, their mother-son relationship had been affected. Indeed, there was nothing she could do to control Will now that he was an adult. Their relationship was strained due to Elisa alone. 
Nonetheless, Marsha wasn't bothered if Will would resent her as long as he and Elisa didn't end up together. After all, blood is thicker than water, so she reckoned Will wouldn't remain hostile toward her forever. 
On the other hand, Elisa returned to her place. Gareth brought Bella over just like he said. 
Bella greeted Elisa gleefully when she saw her. "Hey Elisa, how have you been? I bought some stuff for you, but I'm not sure if you'll like them. If you don't, we can go shopping together tomorrow, shall we?" 
Although they hadn't spent much time together, Elisa liked Bella's characters. She kicked the groom at the wedding, and now… 
"You didn't have to buy so many things for me. There's no need to go shopping anymore." Elisa controlled her emotions, knowing she shouldn't overthink at this moment. She noticed numerous bags on the floor and thought Bella was too kind to bring the gifts. 
At the same time, she wondered if it was Bella's intention to visit or Gareth's plan. At this thought, Elisa instinctively glanced at Gareth, but Gareth shook his head, indicating that it had nothing to do with him. 
Bella disagreed. "We have to go to the mall. It's my first time visiting your place, so I should get you some gifts you're satisfied with!" 
###chapter1797
Chapter 1799 Have You Recovered?
Bella appeared very enthusiastic. Elisa walked up to her and held her hand. "These are enough; I'm very satisfied. I'm glad enough to see that you're well. Are you here this time for a vacation or to settle some affairs?" 
Bella didn't buy Elisa's words. "Elisa, how can you be satisfied without even seeing what I bought? Are you bluffing me?" 
"Definitely not." Elisa shook her head seriously and explained, "I know you prepared them carefully, and I appreciate your thoughtful gesture. That's why I said I'm satisfied." 
Bella was relieved. "I'm glad to hear that. I'm not sure which skincare brands you normally use, so I bought some from every brand. And the clothes are all in your size too. I might have to stay here for quite a while this time. Elisa, you're the only one I turn to here." Bella tugged at Elisa's arm like a child. 
Elisa smiled as she genuinely deemed Bella as a younger sister. "Don't worry. You're foreign to this place, so let me know if you need help." 
Bella nodded in response. 
Although Bella's father was shameless and money-minded, Elisa clicked well with her. Bella was the only daughter in the family, so she was pleased to have Elisa as an elder sister. 
Gareth became jealous witnessing their interaction. Only if Elisa would receive me like she received Bella. 
However, he had forgotten that Elisa had treated him nicely previously and even chased after him.
However, he was the one who initiated the divorce and lost everything. 
Elisa completely ignored Gareth's presence and asked Bella, "Have you eaten? If not, let me take you out for a meal." 
"Yeah, I've eaten. I came here just to bring you the gifts, and I'm going back to the hotel now." Bella expressed her intention to leave. 
Elisa didn't insist on keeping her because her place had limited space, and Gareth stayed with her. 
Initially, Elisa wanted to ask Gareth to send Bella back, but after some thought, she suggested, "Which hotel are you staying in? I'll send you back." 
Bella turned down her offer. "You've just gotten home, so please don't bother heading out again. I know the way back, so don't worry. Have a good rest, and I'll see you tomorrow." 
"Sure." Elisa stopped insisting. 
After Bella left, Elisa stared at Gareth with her eyes narrowed. "Have you recovered?" She asked coldly. 
"Is it because I went to pick up Bella?" Looking at Elisa, Gareth asked in return. He was sharp and immediately understood the meaning behind Elisa's question. 
He was well aware of Elisa's intention, especially after this period of staying with her. He could read her mind easily with just one glance. 
Elisa didn't deny it. This jerk could even go and pick Bella up, so he must have recovered! 
Gareth became a little panicked and quickly explained, "Not really. If I've recovered, I won't stay at your place shamelessly. I could have gone out to walk around instead of staying in and dying of boredom." 
###chapter1798
Chapter 1800 Why Do You Have to Keep Talking Back to Me
Ha! He thinks I'll believe his crap. He claimed he wouldn't stick around shamelessly if he had recovered, yet he's putting up all the acts before this. 
Elisa rolled her eyes at Gareth, "Only if your words match your thoughts!" 
Gareth was surprised. "Do you know my thoughts?" 
Elisa was rendered speechless. How would I know your thoughts if you hadn't revealed them through your actions? Your words and thoughts are inconsistent, and now, you're questioning me? What's wrong with this guy? 
She became uncomfortable at the thought that she could somewhat read Gareth's mind. 
She cast a disgusted glance at Gareth. "How would I possibly know what you're thinking? But your statement has a flaw. Are you saying that you'll leave here immediately once you recover?" 
Gareth wasn't affected by Elisa's hostility and even questioned her in return. "Would you allow me to stay forever if I don't leave?" 
Elisa glared at him. "Can you stop answering my questions with more questions?" 
Gareth replied instantly and denied it. "No, I'm just stating the facts. You've made yourself clear, and I understand it. Don't worry. I won't cling to you without shame and disrupt your life." 
So? Is he expecting me to believe he's staying here just to heal his injuries until his body recovers? Only a fool will believe his words! 
Elisa didn't want to be bothered with him anymore. "Stop talking bullsh*t with me. Even you wouldn't believe your words, let alone me." 
"It seems like you know me pretty well. If that's the case…" 
"Please don't misunderstand. I don't know you well." Elisa interrupted Gareth before he could finish his sentence. She didn't want Gareth to have the wrong impression. She didn't know him at all and didn't want him to persist any further. 
Gareth became sulky when Elisa denied it instantly. "If you don't know me well, why did you say my words don't match my thoughts?" He pointed out the problem. 
Elisa was at a loss for words. Is this guy getting serious with me now? 
She didn't bother to argue with him and changed the topic. "Why are you so free today? Have you finished settling your work?" 
"I'm still in the midst of recovery." Gareth retorted. 
Elisa was displeased because Gareth's answer made it seem like she was being nosy. But she wasn't! 
She pouted and said, "You said you couldn't sleep and had insomnia, so I thought you were thinking about your work. Why do you have to keep talking back to me today?" 
"I don't mean it. I just replied to your question. Are you tired? Go and get some rest. We can go out for dinner tonight." Gareth quickly explained and made his plans. 
Elisa shook her head. "I'm gonna eat at home." 
"Bella's here, so I plan to ask her along. I've been cooped in the house for so long, so it'll be great to go out for a walk." 
"If you find it so difficult to stay here, I suggest you go to the hospital. You can go for a stroll in the garden down the hospital if you're bored." 
###chapter1799
Chapter 1801 You Can Consider Blind Dates
Gareth heaved a long, sad sigh. "Do you hate me that much?" 
"It's because you deceived me with your health. Put yourself in my shoes—would you be happy or miserable if someone you no longer like lingers around you all the time?" 
Elisa explained her situation to him. 
The words 'no longer' hurt him a lot, but he wasn't even entitled to argue about it. 
Hence, he pursed his lips and croaked, "It was unintentional, but just… Elisa, I know you are still prejudiced against me. Why do you treat Will and me differently? Is it because he's wheelchair-bound now?" 
Elisa was speechless. 
Again! How are we still stuck in this malignant cycle? 
Her eyebrows creased uncomfortably. "At least he stops when I tell him to stop and wouldn't come up with excuses—" 
"Is that so?" he interrupted with a sarcastic smile before she could finish. 
Even though he didn't elaborate, his smile explained everything. 
Sure, it seems like that on the surface, but what about behind your back? Who can confirm he hasn't
done anything against your wishes behind your back? 
Elisa's annoyance increased upon sensing the meaning behind his smile. Gareth wasn't plotting anything, but Elisa felt it unnecessary to have such speculations. 
Haven't I made myself clear enough? she thought. 
"Don't simply judge others. Even if Will does such things, it's none of your business. All you need to do right now is to get better and get out of my life," she replied in exasperation. 
How ridiculous to be entangled with him after the divorce! 
Gareth's dark gaze fell on Elisa, thick with hurt. "Do you hate me that much?" 
"It's all my fault for not finding out the situation before giving you the divorce papers, ignoring your feelings completely. I know it's all my fault, but can you give me another chance? I'm willing to—" 
He took a step forward as he admitted his mistake. Though it was a huge surprise, it wouldn't change the situation—they would never return to the past. 
On top of that, they didn't even have a pleasant past. 
"It's not your fault. It's fine to dislike me, and I simply can't force you to do so. Understandably, you wanted to marry Linda and divorce me the moment she woke up. Gareth, it's all by fate that we reach this stage today. The only reason for your insistence on reconciling is simply because of the words I once said. Just because I didn't agree, you decided to persist," she interjected before he could continue. 
If I agreed, he would return to his usual way of life, and we wouldn't be happy with each other either. I liked him because he was hard to get. 
Before receiving any reply, she touched his shoulders gently and patted him. "Your grandparents are getting older day by day. You can consider going on blind dates; there are plenty of eligible ladies."
###chapter1800
Chapter 1802 It's Been a While
The truth was difficult for Gareth to accept, but things had changed. No matter how irritated he was, he could no longer take it out on Elisa. 
He still wanted to convince her otherwise, but he gave up on that thought upon seeing her attitude. 
"Are we having dinner at home or going out? I'll ask Thomas to book a place if it's the latter. Otherwise, he can get some takeaways for us." 
By the time Thomas arrives, it'll be at least an hour or two later, Elisa thought. 
Thinking about the time, Elisa shook her head. "I'll take a look at the supermarket downstairs." 
"I'll join you." Gareth quickly volunteered. 
She shot a glare at him and relented upon seeing the insistence on his face. "If you're up for it, let's go." 
"Okay," he replied in a low voice and followed her. 
Though he was still feeling weak, he could still take it. 
When he was pushing the trolley in the supermarket, Elisa took it from him and went to the fresh market. 
Gareth would seldom go grocery shopping since he never cooked. Apart from that, he didn't like the smell of fresh meat. 
He stood afar, observing how other couples entered the snack aisle. He brought her to that spot after Elisa got the ingredients she wanted. 
"Do you want something here?" she asked in surprise. 
He shook his head and gestured to the aisle with his head. "Take anything you like." 
"I'm not interested in snacks," she rejected. 
Snacking at work had been quite a common habit, but it was too distracting to her. 
Nevertheless, Gareth remained standing there. "Since we're here, just choose some of them so you can have some snacks when you come over. I can't cook in this situation," he explained calmly, in a low, gentle voice. 
Elisa nodded and replied nonchalantly, "I know, but you just need to take care of yourself. There's no need to worry about me. But go ahead and take your pick." 
He frowned upon hearing her response. "Do you think I need this?" 
"Since you don't need it, let's move on." She motioned to the aisle in front of him. 
He gave in upon seeing how stubborn she was. 
To their surprise, they met someone as they left the supermarket. 
Gareth's face was as dark as night when he saw the unannounced presence. 
However, the new joiner only had his eyes on Elisa. 
With a warm smile, he said, "Ms. Benett, it's been a while! How are you?" 
When Elisa saw him, her eyes turned even colder than her facial features. 
I can't believe Mr. Carrerra came all the way here from Moranta! 
Since there were only Gareth and her, she felt danger instinctively and nudged Gareth with her elbow to ask him to leave first. 
After all, he was in no condition to start a fight with Mr. Carrerra. 
###chapter1801
Chapter 1803 Be Careful
Still, leaving Elisa behind was out of the question for Gareth. He had never been one to run away in the first place. 
In fact, he even stood in front of Elisa in a protective stance. 
She felt her heart tightened bitterly upon seeing that. From his current condition, he would be defeated in no time. Yet, he still put himself before her; it would be untrue to say such a gesture didn't touch her. 
At that moment, she recalled how he valiantly took bullets for her at KKCD Casino in Moranta. 
Words could not describe the mixed feelings she was experiencing. 
She held his arm, not wanting him to get hurt because of her. 
Her actions explained herself more than words. In the next second, she met Mr. Carrerra's eyes and snorted. 
"We are not close friends, Mr. Carrerra. Cut the crap and get straight to the point. Say, why did you come to Bayswe for me?" 
Though she was smiling, a cold, fierce look filled her eyes. 
Undeniably, he got her clear message and knew she had connections with Winslow, the casino's owner. After some time, he even found out that they were blood relations. 
Regardless, it was unimportant for him, or he wouldn't have appeared there. 
Smiling back at her, he replied, "What a direct response! I've been mingling with people for many years, but you're the most admirable of them all!" 
Elisa didn't want to waste any more time speaking to him. Her eyes were as cold as ever as she said, "My stance remains the same. If you have something to say, shoot away. Otherwise, please excuse me —I'm very busy." 
She jerked her chin at him, signaling him to leave. 
The situation was unfavorable, but she understood better that she should keep her cool. Panicking would only make her fall prey to him. 
Besides that, Bayswe was Gareth's turf; Mr. Carrerra must stay vigilant. 
Looking at the groceries in her arms, he teased, "Are you returning to being a housewife, Ms. Bennett? What a pity to sacrifice your career for a man! People usually don't recommend going back to their exes, but you seem to be having a good time." 
He completely ignored Gareth's presence when he teased her. From another perspective, he was mocking and belittling Gareth. 
This tipped Gareth over the boiling point, but Elisa pulled him back. 
She didn't want him to get into any trouble with Mr. Carrerra at that point. 
Though she could hold him back, she couldn't stop him from speaking. 
He glared at Mr. Carrerra as he spat, "It's none of your f*cking business. Who are you to say that?" 
The suppressed emotions burst out as he cursed. It was bad timing for Mr. Carrerra to add fuel to the fire. 
Noticing his emotions, Mr. Carrerra laughed, "Calm down, Mr. Wickam! Being so agitated is not good for your health!" 
"Get away from us, or—" 
"Or what? What would you do?" 
###chapter1802
Chapter 1804 Not Necessarily
Mr. Carrerra had no regard for Gareth at all. His response had challenged Gareth's limits for his patience. 
The taunting smile playing on his lips was enough to infuriate Gareth, who wanted to punch him, but Elisa held him back and shook her head at him. 
"Don't be rash!" she cautioned him in a low voice. 
It seems like he's alone, but we don't know if his people are hidden around us. There are only two of us here against him. If we start a fight, we can't win against them. On top of that, Gareth is still injured. I can't let his condition worsen! 
Gareth nodded at her, but the worry in his eyes was apparent. At the same time, he motioned for her to get going first. Undoubtedly, she didn't listen to him. 
She couldn't possibly allow herself to leave Gareth alone to start a fight. If we were to leave, we would do it together. 
"Nothing at all. Be it in Moranta or Bayswe, and you are an outsider. Since you don't have any good reasons to meet me, we'll get going," Elisa replied coolly. 
With that, she took Gareth's hand and left. 
Since there were in public, Mr. Carrerra couldn't do anything to them. 
Still, he followed them. Looking at the bag of groceries Elisa was carrying, he goaded her playfully,
"Come on, Elisa. I'm a guest here. Don't you want to be my host?" 
It was obvious that he was planning on sticking around shamelessly. 
"Be your host? I'm sorry, but are we close?" she mocked, unwilling to give him any favors. 
They had only met several times but had already bore grudges against each other because of Ganoderma Caligo. 
Despite all that, I must be out of my mind to invite him back to my place! 
Yet, he laughed nonchalantly. "It takes time to get to know each other. On top of that, you made five of my men turn against me. Don't you feel compelled to treat me to a meal?" 
Gareth stood in front of Elisa protectively as he glared at Mr. Carrerra, who completely ignored him. 
Instead, he only focused on Elisa, who was still dragging Gareth along. She didn't want to be involved with Mr. Carrerra, but it seemed like he would insist on tagging along. 
Elisa gestured to Gareth. "Can you carry these back first?" 
She was still mindful of his health even though she wanted him to return first. 
He shook his head. His health had not deteriorated to the point where he couldn't carry things, but he would not leave her behind. 
"If you continue to follow us, you're asking for a death wish!" 
Instead of leaving, he took a step forward. 
###chapter1803
Chapter 1805 Testing
Gareth elbowed Mr. Carrerra in his usual quick and precise manner. 
Before the attack, he shot a glance at Elisa, who instantly understood what he meant. She took out her phone instantly as he trusted her completely with his back. 
Their relationship had forged a trusted bond between them. However, he was not as adept as before due to his injuries, so some weak points were exposed in his attack. 
Mr. Carrerra was not an easy opponent either. He quickly stepped back to avoid the attack and grabbed Gareth's arm. In a vicious attempt, he was about to use the other arm to break Gareth's elbow. 
Gareth frowned slightly. Under such circumstances, he knew he could not retrieve his arm in time; worse—he might have dislocated it. 
Hence, he sent a kick to put some distance between them. Right after that, he launched an attack at Mr. Carrerra's neck, forcing him to retreat to avoid being flipped over. 
"You're as skillful as ever, Mr. Wickam." Mr. Carrerra was panting slightly as he eyed Gareth sharply, as though his gaze could bore a hole in the latter. 
Gareth knew that their sparring was only a means to test each other's limits. 
Despite the splintering pain caused by the reopening of his wounds, he remained calm. 
He knew he would not survive the next fight. Precisely because of that, he knew he could not show a single trace of fear to protect Elisa. 
"Same goes for you, Mr. Carrerra. But I have to remind you that this is not Moranta. Fights are uncommon here; people might even report you to the police. You know this is my turf very well—I have no problems walking away from the police. But what about you?" he asked nonchalantly. 
Mr. Carrerra's expression slightly changed, but he quickly regained his cool and guffawed. 
"Mr. Wickam, I know you're a hero here, but I'm not a coward. I came here through immigration. Since I'm not here via illegal means and I haven't broken any laws, what is there for me to worry about?" He looked around ludicrously. 
Some passersby glanced at them, but they didn't want to stir up any trouble, so they left when they met Mr. Carrerra's eyes. 
He exuded a different sort of oppression compared to Gareth. 
Gareth would make one feel pressured with his gaze, but he always came across as a gentleman. 
On the other hand, Mr. Carrerra seemed like a wild tiger who could swallow one up without leaving a trace. 
Hence, no one dared to report it to the police. 
After all, Mr. Carrerra looked like a wild gangster; no one wanted to be involved with such a menace. 
Elisa chuckled, breaking the tension. Mr. Carrerra looked at her with a gaze filled with mixed feelings. There was curiosity, admiration, and the desire to possess her. 
She ignored his gaze and replied, "Of course, you have nothing to be afraid of, Mr. Carrerra. No matter your plans, I bet it doesn't feel good to have every action monitored by the police here. If you are smart enough, you will leave now. Insisting on following us won't bring you any good—I'll make sure of this." 
Unmoved by her threat, he remained immobile, giving her a derisive stare. 
Elisa's gaze darkened. He probably heard about Gareth's injuries. 
###chapter1804
Chapter 1806 Saved
Elisa had no idea where he received such news, but she knew they had to handle the situation well. 
Gareth and Elisa noted silently to stay cautious as they exchanged gazes. 
Mr. Carrerra didn't give them much time before he prepared himself for the next round of the fight, looking as if he might pounce onto them any moment. 
Gareth remained protective in front of Elisa regardless of his pain. 
His stubbornness and insistence to protect her froze her on the spot. He had done the same thing a few times, with a complete lack of regard for his condition. 
As she was the closest to him, she could hear his ragged breathing. 
It must hurt a lot. Even so, he didn't reveal any weaknesses. 
Conflicted feelings bubbled up within her. Though they just had an open conversation about their situation, and she already decided to leave him, she was touched by his actions. 
"Don't worry. I'll protect you." 
His voice rang hoarsely, perhaps because of the pain from his injuries. It sounded as though they were in a life-or-death situation. 
She was taken aback by his promise. 
At the same moment, there was a commotion at the supermarket entrance—Thomas was running over to them with a group of bodyguards in black. 
A few security guards from the supermarket were behind them, attempting to stop their advance. However, they gave up upon seeing how powerful the group seemed; they merely yelled out instructions but didn't dare to take action to stop them. 
Hence, they could only follow Thomas to ensure the rest of the customers were not alarmed. 
Still, everyone who witnessed that was shocked as they looked at Thomas and the team of bodyguards. 
Elisa heaved a sigh of relief. Thank God he's here on time. I was wondering if he could make it when I called just now. 
Gareth, however, merely glanced at them before refocusing on Mr. Carrerra, who was only a few steps away from him. 
His entire body was tense as he prepared to defend himself, worried that Mr. Carrerra might take advantage of their preoccupation to strike. 
Perhaps Mr. Carrerra truly had that plan in mind, but Gareth left no room for him to do so. 
As Thomas and his group got closer, Mr. Carrerra had a hunch that things would soon spiral out of his control. 
"I'll be back for you, Ms. Benett." he snarled, his eyes reflecting a wicked glint before he left. 
Thomas was about to ask the team to chase after him but was stopped by Gareth. 
"Let's not chase someone driven to a corner. We don't know how many people he brought along. It's not a worthwhile sacrifice." 
Thomas nodded and started making arrangements to send Gareth to the hospital. However, Gareth rejected him. 
"I'm not going. I'll just get treatment from my personal doctor." 
He suddenly lost his balance and leaned on Elisa for support. 
She instinctively wanted to push him away, but her resolve softened when they touched. 
Hence, she switched to supporting him instead of shoving him away. 
Gareth noticed that and smirked furtively when she wasn't looking. 
Meanwhile, Thomas noticed that and thought, Aha, his plan worked on Ms. Benett again. You really have to resort to playing some tricks to win girls over these days, and this works very well on Ms. Benett. 
Elisa slowly helped Gareth to the car with a group of tall, burly men behind them. 
###chapter1805
Chapter 1807 A Kiss
The driver drove smoothly but fast at the same time. 
Although Gareth played a small trick on Elisa, it was true that his wound was pulled apart with blood oozing out from it. 
Gareth had a preference for black clothes, so one wouldn't notice he was bleeding without observing closely. 
For this reason, Mr. Carrera didn't dare to act recklessly. If Gareth wore a light-colored shirt, it might not have been easy for them to escape. 
A lump rose in Elisa's throat as tears welled up in her eyes. 
Gareth leaned against Elisa's shoulder. The posture was awkward due to his robust body size. It could even aggravate his wound. However, with such proximity, he could smell Elisa's scent, which soothed his mind. 
He was startled when he heard Elisa snuffle. 
"Are you crying?" Gareth pulled his body up while Elisa quickly supported him and wiped her face. In fact, she hadn't really cried but just choked up. 
"Look at me. I'm totally fine." Gareth was flustered as he had never seen Elisa in this state. Holding Elisa's face carefully as if she was the most precious piece of jewelry on earth, Gareth was at a loss for words. 
He made himself suffer to invoke Elisa's sympathy but didn't want to see her sorrow. 
"Is it painful?" Elisa gently touched Gareth's wound, worrying that she would hurt him. 
Gareth shook his head. 
"Liar." Elisa's voice cracked. 
Gareth said seriously, "I'm not lying. Such a minor injury is nothing. Don't be sad, okay?" 
Being reminded of something, Elisa looked at Gareth and asked softly, "Is that why you only wear black clothes all the time?" 
Gareth didn't answer, hesitating if he should tell Elisa about it. 
Since Elisa had asked, he didn't want to hide it from her; but on the other hand, he didn't want her to worry. 
The past had passed, so there was no need to mention it or be distressed. 
After hesitating momentarily, Gareth nodded, which made Elisa even more heartbroken. 
Having practiced medicine for many years, she had encountered all sorts of injuries and storms. However, she couldn't help feeling dejected when she looked at Gareth's hand and heard his unpleasant past experiences. 
Gareth's affection for Eisa grew more intense when he saw her concerned look. 
He gulped instinctively as his gaze fell on Elisa's lips. Remembering how she was worried for him just now, he uncontrollably pressed his body against Elisa. 
"Elisa." He croaked with heavy breathing. 
The next second, he grasped her shoulder and kissed her. Elisa was caught off guard as their lips came into contact. For a moment, she forgot to push him away or react. 
They only had one intimate experience three years ago by accident. After the divorce, they never had the opportunity for such an intimate gesture. The kiss stirred ripples in Elisa's heart. 
At that moment, countless possibilities flashed through Gareth's mind. Elisa might push him away and slap him in the face. Or, she might throw a fit. 
However, all the thoughts disappeared when he felt the long-lost soft sensation. 
###chapter1806
Chapter 1808 Uncontrollable Desire
Facing the woman he deeply loved, it felt as if the whole world had faded away. 
For a moment, Elisa was unable to react. Meanwhile, Gareth was overjoyed, thinking Elisa didn't dislike him or might even have feelings for him because she didn't push him away. 
Just as he became more emotional and wanted to kiss Elisa more fervently, Elisa pulled herself away from him. 
"Sorry… I was abrupt. I…" Gareth didn't know how to explain. It was a mix of impulse and deliberation. 
Elisa didn't know what to say. The scene of their lips touching filled her mind. 
Gareth's desire for Elisa became stronger as he saw her in a gaze, but he managed to control himself. 
His expression was complicated when the doctor started dressing his wound. Furrowing his brows, he didn't complain about the pain but squeezed Elisa's hand occasionally. Although Gareth's action didn't hurt Elisa, her heart ached for him. 
Elisa felt uneasy seeing the doctor's inept handling of the wound. Finally, when Gareth squeezed her hand again, she spoke up. 
"Please let me take over." She said to the doctor. 
Startled, the doctor wiped away his sweat and quickly stepped away. Dressing the wound of the great Mr. Wickam was a stressful task, not to mention his intimidating aura. Just the fact that everyone in the room was watching made it difficult. 
The doctor even thought Gareth's sturdy subordinates would beat him up if Gareth winced in pain. 
He knew his performance wasn't at its best under such immense pressure, but he couldn't simply chicken out. So, when Elisa offered to treat Gareth's wound, the doctor felt like she was an angel sent to his rescue. 
Elisa took over the cotton swabs and started carefully treating the wound. 
Gareth gave Thomas a look. Perceiving Gareth's intention, Thomas let out a cough and quietly led the others out, leaving Elisa and Gareth in the spacious room. The room was so quiet that they could hear each other's breathing. 
Elisa concentrated on applying ointment to Gareth's wound while Gareth fixed his gaze on her. 
It was a harmonious moment. How Gareth wished it could last forever. 
Gareth couldn't tell if it was because he was too distracted staring at Elisa or if Elisa was indeed more skillful, but he felt less pain when she dressed his wound. 
He only had a stinging sensation when the alcohol was applied, and the level of discomfort was negligible. 
It was only after finishing Gareth's wound did Elisa realize the others had left, and she noticed their ambiguous postures. 
Recalling the kiss in the car, she blushed to the root of her hair. 
Gareth stared at her intently and wanted to make playful remarks, but before he could say anything, Elisa packed up the medical kit and said, "I should go and prepare dinner…" 
Gareth swiftly grasped her hand. "You’re not too upset. It means there's still a place for me in your heart. Am I right?" 
###chapter1807
Chapter 1809 Her Mind Was a Mess
Elisa's heart sank. This question had finally come. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. When she opened her eyes again, their confusion was replaced with clarity. She turned around to face Gareth, who was gazing at her fervently. He did not loosen his grip on her hand, worrying that she would run away when he let go. 
In fact, Elisa, too, intended to have an open and honest conversation with Gareth. 
Gareth said, "Elisa, the fact that you didn't push me away proves that you don't detest me. Maybe, you have feelings for me too. Don't deceive yourself anymore. Don't suppress your feelings, alright?" Gareth was nervous when he said those words, fearing Elisa might refute him. 
Elisa remained silent with her eyes downcast. 
Gareth continued, "I know I've let you down in the past. I hope you'll give me a chance to make it up to you. I wish to share our future together. Do you understand?" 
Elisa turned to look at him. Gareth was relieved to see no hint of disgust in her expression. 
They could see their reflections in each other's eyes while the atmosphere was filled with tenderness and affection. 
"Gareth, we were once husband and wife. We've known each other for a long time, and I once treated you sincerely. I would be lying if I said I have no feelings for you." 
Gareth's eyes instantly lit up. 
"But…" Elisa hadn't finished her sentence. "All this shall pass. Right now, I only feel grateful toward you, nothing more." 
Elisa was conflicted, but one thing was clear – at that point, she couldn't bring herself to treat Gareth with hostility and ruthlessness like before. 
Do I… like him a little? 
Elisa was shocked when the thought flashed across her mind. 
Gareth didn't notice Elisa's subtle, odd look as he was contemplating her words. 
In fact, no answer was the best response. At least Elisa didn't detest or brush him off like before, so he still stood a chance. 
Even if it was mere gratitude, it was better than disgust. 
Gareth's attractive face lit up with excitement; joy filled his otherwise aloof eyes. He couldn't contain his elation and stood up to embrace Elisa. At that moment, this powerful and influential man was like a kid who had received his beloved toy. 
He hugged Elisa in an irresistible yet tender manner. 
"Do you know how long I've waited for you to accept my kindness? Do you know how long I've been waiting for this chance?" Gareth whispered into Elisa's ear, giving her a tingling sensation. 
Elisa was stunned. Gareth seemed to have mistaken her meaning! She attempted to push Gareth
away, but the latter pretended to wince in pain, having noticed her intention. 
Elisa dared not move, worrying that she would touch his wound. 
A triumphant smile spread across Gareth's face. 
The hug lasted for several minutes before Gareth reluctantly let go of Elisa. 
He apologized thereafter, expressing that he was overjoyed and didn't mean to take advantage of her. He didn't forget that Elisa hated it when her will was disrespected. His action just now was out of strong affection but not disrespect. 
Elisa didn't answer; her mind was a mess. 
###chapter1808
Chapter 1810 Mischief
The woman who was usually eloquent was now at a loss for words. Gareth held Elisa's hand gleefully and led her toward the door. 
Elisa tried to break away from his grip but to no avail. So, she heaved a sigh and gave in. 
Thomas, who was waiting outside the room, was flabbergasted when he saw Gareth holding Elisa's hand, walking out in high spirits. 
He clearly remembered how cold and repulsive Elisa was toward Gareth ever since they divorced. So, he was impressed at how Gareth managed to make Elisa accept him. 
While going downstairs, Thomas still felt astonished. Gareth glared at him, sending a chill down his spine. 
Did I do anything wrong? Thomas thought. Elisa said while he was in a fluster, "It's getting late now. Let's all stay for dinner." 
Only then did Thomas realize why Gareth glared at him. Of course, he didn't dare to let Elisa cook for him or stay and disturb their dinner date. Otherwise, Gareth would definitely tear him into pieces! 
So, Thomas sensibly turned down Elisa's invitation and fled with the other subordinates as if they were chased by a fierce dog. 
Elisa was confused. She turned to look at Gareth and pointed at herself. "Is my cooking that bad?" She asked. 
Gareth held in his laughter and shook his head seriously. "Not at all. Your cooking is amazing. They just didn't want to trouble you." 
Elisa nodded and stopped thinking about it. Then, she rolled up her sleeves and entered the kitchen. 
Gareth wanted to follow her but was stopped. 
"The cooking smell can be strong; your wound has yet to recover. I can manage it myself." 
Gareth's response left Elisa speechless. "But I want to be with you." He said solemnly while staring at Elisa with sparkling eyes. 
Staggered, Elisa started preparing the ingredients and refused to respond, worrying that Gareth would make other shocking remarks. 
She planned to make some simple dishes, so she didn't stop Gareth from assisting her. 
Elisa cooked at the stove while Gareth washed and cut the vegetables, creating a harmonious scene. 
After a while, a main dish and an appetizer were served. They were simple home-cooked dishes, but for some reason, Gareth thought Elisa's cooking was exceptionally delicious. 
Perhaps it was because she would occasionally incorporate medicinal ingredients, but Gareth enjoyed eating the food she prepared. 
He even felt his mood brightened whenever he ate Elisa's food. 
Even at the dining table, Gareth couldn't take his eyes off Elisa. 
His gaze was so intent that Elisa had no choice but to respond to him. 
"This is good for your recovery." She picked up a piece of vegetable and placed it on Gareth's plate. Gareth nodded and immediately ate it. 
Then, he propped his head with one hand and continued gazing at Elisa. 
Disturbed, Elisa put down her cutleries and looked into Gareth's eyes. "Why do you keep staring at me?" 
Gareth smiled, thinking the flustered Elisa was extremely adorable. "Because you're beautiful." 
Staring at her delicate face, he couldn't help reaching out his hand to pinch her cheeks. 
As expected, Elisa hit him with her spoon, but it was worth it. 
"Stop acting up. Also, are you gonna be full just by staring at me? Quickly finish your food and clean up." Elisa rebuked sulkily.
###chapter1809
Chapter 1811 The First Time He Detested Her
Gareth laughed but didn't refute Elisa. He was satisfied with moments like this. Although Elisa wouldn't allow him to express his affection overly, she didn't repel his presence anymore, which was a good sign. 
Gareth became more confident that Elisa would accept him sooner or later as long as he persisted. When there is a will, there is a way! 
Three days later. 
Around ten at night, Bella and her team were still working in the office. Ever since Bella turned to Elisa at Bayswe, Elisa saw her potential and offered her a position in her company to work as a project manager. 
Bella proved herself by winning a project with a major client. So, she was preparing a report now. 
If they secured this collaboration, it would generate substantial revenue for that year. 
Bella and her team had been working many late nights to work on the proposal and had been the last ones to leave the company. Tonight was no exception. 
After ten o'clock, her team members started going home. Bella exhorted her colleagues to text her once they got home safely. Then, she continued finishing up the proposal. 
She was a meticulous and dedicated person. Everyone who worked with her praised her for her attention to detail and boldness and acknowledged her as an outstanding partner and manager. This proved that Elisa had made the right choice to employ her. 
It was only a matter of time before Bella became Elisa's dependable right-hand man. 
After completing the proposal, Bella stretched and sent the document to Elisa. Then, she switched off her laptop and was about to return to her rented house. 
While walking back home, Bella felt something was off. She could hear hurried footsteps as if someone were tailing her. However, there was no sign of anyone when she turned. 
As she continued walking, she could hear the footsteps again, but she still saw no one when she turned around. What was even more terrifying was that the rhythm of the footsteps mimicked hers. The mysterious person seemed to keep a distance from her intentionally. Even when she tried to catch the person out of the corner of her eye or turned around abruptly, she saw nothing. 
Bella thought she was just imagining things because she was exhausted from overworking. She shook her head and continued walking without paying attention to the sound. 
The street was not usually quiet, but because it was almost midnight, there were only a few passers-by. Bella felt a chill as she continued walking. She rubbed her arms as a sudden gust of wind gave her goosebumps. 
Feeling unnerved, Bella took out her phone to call Elisa, hoping to talk to someone to boost her courage. The call was soon answered. 
Elisa was lying on the couch, instructing Gareth to do chores. 
She was surprised to receive Bella's call at this hour and asked if something urgent had happened.
Bella didn't tell Elisa about her suspicion because she had no evidence and didn't want Elisa to worry. 
So, they ended up talking about work. 
Gareth became salty when he finished washing the plates and walked out of the kitchen. He expected to receive a kiss or a hug from Elisa as a compliment or at least watch a show together on the couch. However, it turned out that Elisa was occupied on the phone. 
It was the first time Gareth detested his dear cousin.
###chapter1810
Chapter 1812 Lunch Delivery
Gareth waited beside Elisa bitterly and stared fixedly at her but was completely ignored. 
On the other end, Bella sneezed non-stop. Elisa asked if she caught a cold. Bella rubbed her nose and mumbled, "No. I feel like someone is cursing me behind my back." 
Elisa chuckled and glanced at Gareth. 
The two ladies continued chatting until Bella was home safely. She only felt relieved after entering her room. Then, they talked for a while before hanging up. 
Bella patted her chest, having a bad hunch… 
The next day, Elisa woke up early for work. Gareth insisted on sending her to the office. Elisa couldn't stop him, so she went along with him. 
When they arrived at the office, Gareth was reluctant to let Elisa go. Elisa smiled and got out of the car unhesitantly. 
Seeing Elisa waving at him with a proud look, Gareth wore a rueful smile. He wondered if he should be delighted because their relationship had eased or to be upset because he merely became Elisa's driver and didn't achieve his motive. 
Meanwhile, the first thing Elisa did was to find Bella to confirm yesterday's call wasn't about something important. 
After hanging up last night, Elisa couldn't fall asleep and kept thinking about it. She knew Bella wouldn't call her for no reason. She was considerate and wouldn't disturb others late at night if it wasn't something urgent. Nonetheless, Bella pondered upon it and decided not to tell Elisa. 
"Nothing. I was just too excited after completing the proposal. Sorry about that. I hope I didn't disturb you." 
Elisa shook her head. 
Bella heaved a sigh of relief. "Glad to know. By the way, please review the proposal so that I can make amendments if needed." 
Elisa stared at Bella, who appeared relaxed, for quite a while to confirm she wasn't telling a lie. Then, she nodded and patted Bella's shoulder. "Okay. Do tell me if there's anything." 
Bella patted Elisa's shoulder with a smile, assuring her that she was fine. As Elisa walked away, she suddenly remembered something and turned to say to Bella, "Let's have lunch together today." 
Bella smiled and hummed in response. 
It was a busy morning. When Elisa checked the time again, it was already forty minutes past eleven in the morning. Remembering she had asked Bella for lunch, she opened the food delivery app to place an order. 
Suddenly, there was an incoming call from Gareth. Startled, Elisa picked up the call to hear Gareth's pitiful voice. 
"Elisa, I'm here to send you lunch. The security guard wouldn't allow me to enter because I didn't make an appointment. Please help me talk to him…" 
Elisa was thunderstruck when she heard the usually imposing Gareth speak in a pitiful tone. 
Not only that, he said this in public. 
Elisa could already imagine the gossipy receptionists discussing Gareth's identity in their chat groups. 
Resigned, Elisa instructed the security guard to let Gareth in. 
Three minutes later, her secretary brought Gareth in. Elisa was rendered speechless, seeing him carrying a handful of bags.
###chapter1811
Chapter 1813 Are You Shy?
"Mr. Wickam, you didn't have to go through the hassle just to send me lunch." 
Gareth chuckled softly in a low, attractive sound. 
He looked down at Elisa from his height. His gaze wandered before finally resting on her lips. Elisa had beautiful lips, which were charming even without lipstick. 
"Elisa, I came all the way to have lunch with you. You won't turn me down, will you?" 
Oh well, he's pretending to be pitiful again. 
Elisa couldn't bring herself to reject Gareth, so she took over the lunch box. It was her favorite pesto pasta, and the food was still warm. 
Just then, Elisa recalled something and pushed Gareth away. She took her phone and was about to call Bella, but the perceptive Gareth raised his brows and blurted, "I've had Thomas send Bella lunch and asked her to eat at the staff dorms so she won't disturb our lunch date. She disturbed us yesterday, so I hope you can spend time with me today." 
Elisa looked at Gareth in surprise, not expecting him to be this thoughtful. 
She said in resignation, "You've arranged everything. What else can I say? Come and eat together." 
Having anticipated this response, Gareth sat down immediately after getting Elisa's approval. 
The couch was too small to fit two people. Gareth's unique, invasive scent soon filled the room. 
It was a pleasant lunch. There was nothing better than eating one's favorite food after a busy morning. 
Gareth barely ate but kept smiling while staring at Elisa, which made her feel uncomfortable. 
She waved her hand in front of Gareth. "What's wrong with you? Why do you keep staring at me?" 
Gareth held back his laughter and shrugged. Flustered, Elisa put down her cutleries and stared back at him. 
Moments later, Gareth grinned and made a cheeky remark. "Yeah. You're my cup of tea." 
Elisa rolled her eyes at him and said, "Quickly finish your food and leave. If you talk nonsense again, I'll ask the security guards to throw you out." 
Gareth quickly raised his hands in surrender. "Okay, okay. I'll stop. Are you shy?" 
Elisa pretended to call the guards, but Gareth pressed the hang-up button so that she couldn't make the call. 
Elisa shot a glare at Gareth, which made him laugh more heartily. This glare wasn't filled with hatred and disgust like before. Previously, Elisa would even ignore him. He could tell that Elisa was not really angry and found this mode of interaction very satisfying. 
Gareth smiled. "Sorry about that, but let's finish our food first. After all, I came all the way to deliver lunch for you. This effort is commendable, right?" 
Elisa couldn't do anything about him. So, she sat down and continued eating. 
Suddenly, Bella knocked on the door. Elisa put down her cutleries and wiped her mouth before asking Bella to come in. 
Bella entered the room with some documents in her hand. For some reason, she sensed a bizarre coldness when she walked in. Is the air conditioning so cold in this room? 
Noticing Elisa was still eating, Bella said apologetically, "I'm sorry to disturb your lunch hour, Ms. Benett. I just finished eating and thought of sending these documents to you." 
###chapter1812
Chapter 1814 An Advice
Bella glanced at Gareth, whose face was darkened, and understood how the coldness came about. She quickly put down the documents and turned to leave the room. Before leaving, she put in a word for Gareth. 
Poking her head around the door, Bella blinked at Elisa and said, "By the way, Gareth brought me lunch too, and it's delicious. Thanks, Gareth. Although I know it's all thanks to Ms. Benett." With that, she closed the door and left. 
Elisa seldom saw the usually composed Bella acting so playful, and she couldn't help chuckling. 
Gareth's mood brightened because of Bella's remark, thinking he hadn't looked after this cousin for nothing. The atmosphere in the office became much more relaxed. 
On the other hand, Bella bumped into the project director as soon as she left the office, and her face fell immediately. 
It seemed like she was here to hand in a proposal. Bella was almost certain she was going to compete for her client. 
Rochelle was on the same side as Paul, who had always wanted to kick Bella out of the company. She was Bella's immediate superior and had received orders to make things difficult for Bella ever since she joined the company. Not only did she constantly pick on her, but she even planned to snatch her client this time, which was completely intolerable! 
Bella reached out her hand to stop Rochelle, who was swaying her hips as she walked. The latter turned to look at Bella disdainfully. 
"Ms. Matterson, I advise you not to go in right now. This is my advice to you as a subordinate." Bella urged sincerely, but Rochelle refused to listen all the more. 
She smirked. "Do you think I'm dumb? You just came out of the office, and you're now telling me not to go in? Bella Wickam, I admit you're somewhat capable, but landing this client doesn't mean you have the capability to execute the entire project. We should give Ms. Benett more choices, shouldn't we?" 
Rochelle was so smug that her saliva spat on Bella's face as she babbled. 
Bella couldn't take it anymore, so she wiped her face expressionlessly and interrupted Rochelle. Then, she stepped aside to make way for Rochelle. 
Rochelle was puffed up and strode toward the office in her high heels. 
Five minutes later, Rochelle came out of the room crying. When she walked past Bella, she caught sight of Bella's gloating expression and shot a fierce glare at her. 
Bella shrugged innocently. I've warned you not to go in just now, but you refused to listen. I'm Gareth's cousin, yet I was not spared from disturbing Ms. Benett during lunch. What an ignorant woman! 
Meanwhile, in the office, Elisa did a facepalm in exasperation. She understood Gareth could be harsh with his words but couldn't figure out why Rochelle, a project director, would run out crying after being told off as if she was acting coquettish. 
"This project director doesn't seem to be up to par. Did she get hired by connections?" Gareth taunted with an unconcealable contempt on his face while cutting fruits for Elisa. 
Rochelle didn't even have a sense of good judgment, which made Gareth wonder how she became a project director. 
###chapter1813
Chapter 1815 Visiting Grandma
Elisa sighed. "She's on the same side as Paul. I'm not exactly sure what their relationship is. She's just another pretty face." 
"A pretty face? Since when did the standard of beauty become so low?" Gareth snorted. 
Elisa chuckled. 
On the other hand, Bella returned to her seat and saw a bouquet of baby's breath – her favorite flower. She had just arrived in Bayswe not long ago and didn't know many people besides Gareth and Elisa. So, she couldn't think of anyone who would possibly send her flowers. 
Bella took up the bouquet doubtfully and found an anonymous gift card. On the card was written: I miss you. 
Who would miss me? How strange… 
Bella frowned and put the flowers aside, thinking they were mistakenly sent. However, she continued receiving flowers for almost a week over the next few days, sometimes with a card and sometimes without. On some days, it was tulips; and baby breaths on the other days. 
Nonetheless, Bella knew it was from the same sender. 
She tried guessing the sender's identity and even considered lodging a police report, but her colleagues suggested it might just be her secret admirer. And so, Bella didn't do anything about it. 
Nevertheless, there were some pleasant situations as well. Ever since being told off the last time,
Rochelle hadn't found fault with Bella for a period. Bella and her team completed the final stage of the proposal with peace of mind and started negotiating with the client. 
The outcome was promising, and they would most likely secure the contract, pending the signing of the contract. 
Bella knew the proposal wouldn't have passed so smoothly if it weren't for Elisa. So, she called to invite Elisa and Gareth for a meal, treating it as a pre-celebration. 
Elisa thought about it and suggested, "What about going to Grandma's place? We haven't told her that you've come to Bayswe. Let's go back and give her a surprise. She always talks about you." 
Bella's eyes became red-rimmed when she remembered the kind elderly. 
Her voice cracked. "To think about it, if Grandma didn't insist you and Gareth return for my wedding, I might not be living the good life that I have now. I would've been kept in the dark by the shameless couple and tortured for the rest of my life." 
Elisa furrowed her brows and disagreed. "You have what you have now because of your hard work." 
Bella made no comment but was deeply grateful for Elisa. 
The two ladies fixed a time, and Elisa informed Gareth, who gladly agreed to come along. 
After work, he came to pick up both of them. 
However, little did Bella know that the moment she got into the car, Rochelle followed her out and
captured pictures of them. 
Julia thought only Gareth and Elisa were coming, so she was surprised to see Bella when they arrived at the villa. She scolded Gareth with hands on her hips, "You should've told me earlier that Elisa is coming. I didn't have time to prepare anything! You always use your busy schedule as an excuse. Work can never be more important than family. Ugh, you stubborn child!" 
"It's okay, Grandma. We came back to spend time with you. We'll eat whatever you eat." Elisa held Julia's hand affectionately and purred, making her happy as a lark. 
###chapter1814
Chapter 1816 Catching Up
Words couldn't describe Julia's excitement. Especially after so much had happened, Gareth and Elisa still came to visit her together. But what was even more touching was yet to come. 
Suddenly, a person appeared behind Gareth. Julia was dumbfounded when she saw it was Bella, and tears welled up in her eyes. 
Bella walked up to Julia and hugged her. 
"It has been so long since I last met you. My body was too weak, so I couldn't fly to your wedding at that time and sent Elisa as a representative. Later, I heard your husband turn out to be a sc*mbag…" A lump rose in Julia's throat. She had watched Bella grow up, so she felt exceptionally sorry for her. 
Bella patted Julia's shoulder to comfort her. "It's okay, Grandma. Everything has passed." 
Julia nodded. "Why did you only come and visit me now?" Despite the complaining tone, Julia's expression was loving. 
Bella chuckled and apologized, "I've moved to Bayswe, Grandma. And I'm working in Elisa's company now. I'll come and visit you more often." 
"Really?" 
Bella nodded earnestly. "Of course!" 
"What great news…" Julia's eyes brimmed with tears of joy. As an elderly person, she most hoped for the company of the younger ones. 
Elisa supported Julia in walking toward the dining table and said, "Bella is competent. She landed a substantial client not long after joining the company. The contract will soon be signed. Once everything is confirmed, she'll get a promotion. We're gathering today to celebrate her achievement. Let's eat while talking, Grandma." 
Julia praised Elisa for being thoughtful while holding Bella's hand. As for Gareth, he was left behind. 
His gaze had never left Elisa. Although Julia did not pay attention to him, being surrounded by his loved ones, felt awesome. 
When they were about to take their seats, Gareth quickened his pace to pull the chair out for Elisa. Then, he sat next to her. 
Elisa thanked him softly, and the two whispered into each other's ears. 
Julia and Bella exchanged glances that were tinged with a hint of teasing. 
Loter, Julio osked Eliso ond Bello, "Whot hove you guys been up to? I hoven't seen you guys for quite o while. Eliso, ore you together with Goreth now?" 
Goreth sensibly chimed in, "Grondmo, pleose stop osking. We're not in o relotionship for now." 
Despite Goreth's remork, the look in his eyes soid otherwise, ond Julio wos experienced enough to tell it. 
She dorted o profounding glonce ot the two, understonding it wos olreody consideroble progress
between them ond she should let noture toke its course. 
After dinner, Julio continued chotting non-stop with Bello ond Eliso. Goreth sot oloofly ocross from them, octing to reod o newspoper, but his eyes were glued to Eliso's foce. 
Time possed quickly. When Julio finolly reolized it, it wos olreody post ten ot night. 
She rubbed her temples ond soid, "Oh, look ot me. I got too excited ond forgot obout the time. Why don't you stoy here tonight? I'll hove the servonts prepore the rooms." 
###chapter1815
Chapter 1817 Stay Over
Elisa knew that she couldn't turn down Julia's offer. 
Bella, on the other hand, immediately declined to stay over. 
With her lips pursed into a thin line, Bella apologized profusely, "Grandma, I still have a proposal to work on," she said sincerely. "I didn't bring it here because I was in a hurry. I'm so sorry that I can't stay." 
Julia's smile faded. 
Bella noticed that Julia looked disappointed, so she promised to visit her again soon to lift her spirits. 
Julia was hesitant to let Bella go, but she didn't force her to stay. 
Feigning displeasure, she huffed, "Aren't you just trying to escape this old hag?" 
Bella was taken aback. Her eyes widened as she said, "How could you think that of me, Grandma?" Bella chuckled before continuing, "Once I finish my work, I'll be here every two to three days. Please don't kick me out if I insist on staying here then." 
Amused, their warm laughter filled the room. Julia respected Bella's need to leave, reminding her that she could always come to her whenever she was free. Soon after, she asked her driver to take Bella home. 
Bella gratefully accepted the offer and said goodbye to everyone before she left. 
Elisa continued accompanying Julia to the living room, chatting with her the whole time. Gareth remained silent throughout their conversation, listening intently. Eliso knew thot she couldn't turn down Julio's offer. 
Bello, on the other hond, immediotely declined to stoy over. 
With her lips pursed into o thin line, Bello opologized profusely, "Grondmo, I still hove o proposol to work on," she soid sincerely. "I didn't bring it here becouse I wos in o hurry. I'm so sorry thot I con't stoy." 
Julio's smile foded. 
Bello noticed thot Julio looked disoppointed, so she promised to visit her ogoin soon to lift her spirits. 
Julio wos hesitont to let Bello go, but she didn't force her to stoy. 
Feigning displeosure, she huffed, "Aren't you just trying to escope this old hog?" 
Bello wos token obock. Her eyes widened os she soid, "How could you think thot of me, Grondmo?" Bello chuckled before continuing, "Once I finish my work, I'll be here every two to three doys. Pleose don't kick me out if I insist on stoying here then." 
Amused, their worm loughter filled the room. Julio respected Bello's need to leove, reminding her thot she could olwoys come to her whenever she wos free. Soon ofter, she osked her driver to toke Bello home. 
Bello grotefully occepted the offer ond soid goodbye to everyone before she left. 
Eliso continued occomponying Julio to the living room, chotting with her the whole time. Goreth remoined silent throughout their conversotion, listening intently. 
They talked until eleven at night, and Elisa was getting visibly tired. She yawned a few times during their conversation, but Julia continued chattering about excitedly, seemingly unaware of Elisa's condition. Noticing her weary state, Gareth attempted to interrupt them by clearing his throat. 
Their gazes immediately turned to Gareth. "Grandma, it's already eleven o'clock," he said. "You might not be tired yet, but you must think about Elisa." 
He stood up and smoothed his clothes before walking over to Elisa and taking her hands. "I'm taking her home," he said firmly. 
Elisa shook her head vigorously, signaling to Gareth that she was okay. She also gently pinched his hands to get him to stop speaking so rudely to Julia. 
"I still have a lot to say to Grandma," Elisa interjected. 
Gareth stared at her with a grave expression. "You can continue tomorrow. It's time to sleep." 
Glaring up at her grandson, Julia said, her voice light and teasing, without a hint of anger. "You little brat! Are you going to ignore your grandma now that you have a wife? How could you say that to your grandma? I must have spoiled you too much lately." 
It was clear that she wasn't angry at Gareth at all. She was delighted for him. 
"But this little brat is right. It's late now. I got so caught up in our conversation that I lost track of time. You should go ahead and get some rest. Otherwise, this ungrateful brat will worry about you." Julia patted Elisa's hands with a warm smile, then waved her away. 
"This old lady needs to go to bed now, or the young people will think I'm a nuisance." 
Gareth and Elisa stood at the bottom of the stairs, advising Julia to watch her steps as she walked to her room. They also reminded her to keep herself warm at night so she wouldn't catch a cold. 
Julia smiled from ear to ear as she listened to them. She was looking forward to a good night's sleep. 
After Julia left, Maria led Elisa and Gareth to their respective rooms. Elisa couldn't help but feel a sense of unease. 
There was something strange about the rooms. They were side by side, with only a wall in between. Even their balconies were connected. 
Elisa couldn't help but smile in absurdity. She was surprised to find that their old home had an unusual layout. 
However, she would never have imagined that Julia was the one who had planned the balcony layout, all in anticipation of a moment like this. 
Elisa wasn't entirely satisfied with the room, but Gareth suppressed his delight with a blunt and stone- cold expression. 
###chapter1816
Chapter 1818 Barging Into the Room
Gareth noticed that Elisa was uncomfortable, so he acted as if he didn't want to stay in the room and inquired with Maria about the availability of other rooms. 
Elisa gave him a suspicious look and narrowed her eyes. 
Maria knew Julia's intention and clearly understood why Gareth was acting this way. 
She apologized and said, "Old Madam Wickam asked me to tidy up these two rooms. I wouldn't be able to get another room ready in time. Is there something wrong?" 
Elisa shook her head. She didn't want to bother Maria over this matter late at night. After all, she only had to tolerate it for one night. 
Even though their rooms were right next to each other and they had to share a balcony, she could ensure the doors were locked at night. 
Gareth remained silent after he heard Elisa agreeing to stay in the rooms. Elisa thanked Maria, and Maria immediately headed off to bed. 
The corners of Maria's lips were lifted in a big smile the entire time. Seeing that "Madam" agreed to stay, she took the other staff away, afraid that they would disturb their privacy. 
This left Elisa and Gareth standing face to face, staring at each other. 
Elisa squinted her eyes, yawning away her exhaustion. Gareth was met with a serious gaze from her as she spoke, "I'll sleep in the room on the left. I'm locking the doors. If you don't want to be perceived
as a pervert, please don't wander around aimlessly." Goreth noticed thot Eliso wos uncomfortoble, so he octed os if he didn't wont to stoy in the room ond inquired with Morio obout the ovoilobility of other rooms. 
Eliso gove him o suspicious look ond norrowed her eyes. 
Morio knew Julio's intention ond cleorly understood why Goreth wos octing this woy. 
She opologized ond soid, "Old Modom Wickom osked me to tidy up these two rooms. I wouldn't be oble to get onother room reody in time. Is there something wrong?" 
Eliso shook her heod. She didn't wont to bother Morio over this motter lote ot night. After oll, she only hod to tolerote it for one night. 
Even though their rooms were right next to eoch other ond they hod to shore o bolcony, she could ensure the doors were locked ot night. 
Goreth remoined silent ofter he heord Eliso ogreeing to stoy in the rooms. Eliso thonked Morio, ond Morio immediotely heoded off to bed. 
The corners of Morio's lips were lifted in o big smile the entire time. Seeing thot "Modom" ogreed to stoy, she took the other stoff owoy, ofroid thot they would disturb their privocy. 
This left Eliso ond Goreth stonding foce to foce, storing ot eoch other. 
Eliso squinted her eyes, yowning owoy her exhoustion. Goreth wos met with o serious goze from her os she spoke, "I'll sleep in the room on the left. I'm locking the doors. If you don't wont to be perceived
os o pervert, pleose don't wonder oround oimlessly." 
Before Gareth could say anything, Elisa opened the door to the room on the left and went in. Her actions were swift and decisive, exuding an air of confidence. 
Gareth stared intently at Elisa's back as she went inside. His eyes gleamed with amusement. He had no choice but to accommodate her indifference towards him; after all, he was the one who chose her. 
He sighed and turned away, shaking his head as he pushed open the door to the room on the right. However, he had a plan in mind. 
It was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to keep himself etched in her mind all night. There was no way he was going to let this opportunity go. 
Elisa was well aware of Gareth's intentions, so the first thing she did when she entered the room was lock the balcony door and the main entrance. She stretched her hands to work out the fatigue before heading to the bathroom to shower. 
Out of the blue, the door to the balcony opened as soon as she stepped into the bathroom. 
Gareth shook the keys, a mischievous grin spreading across his face. 
The room was silent. Gareth glanced around and realized that Elisa was not in the room. She had gone into the bathroom. 
Gareth waited quietly on the bed for Elisa to get out of the shower. The sound of the water gushing in the bathroom made his heart swell with anticipation. He felt the heat rise in his body almost
instantaneously. He swallowed his saliva and scolded himself for not getting himself together. He couldn't even see her, but his mind raced at the sound of the water falling in the shower. 
The time he spent waiting for her to come out slowly became long and dreadful. 
After twenty minutes, the water in the shower finally stopped. She took her time, applying lotion to her body. Gareth stared at the shadow on the bathroom window, his throat feeling dry. He got up from the bed to pour himself a cup of water. 
Elisa stepped out of the bathroom, wrapped in a towel. His eyes widened as he took in her wet, glistening skin. She looked incredibly alluring, and he couldn't help but stare. 
They locked eyes for a moment, and the air between them was suddenly charged with electricity. Gareth felt his heart pounding in his chest, and he knew that Elisa felt it too. 
Gareth cleared his throat awkwardly. He couldn't get the image of her fresh out of the shower out of his head. 
Elisa's mouth gaped slightly in shock as she saw Gareth standing before her. Her forehead creased in anger as she hurried back into the bathroom to wrap herself in a bathrobe. 
"Gareth Wickam!" she shouted, her jaws clenched and her eyes flaring red with anger. 
###chapter1817
Chapter 1819 Something Bad Happened
"You better have a good reason to explain why you're here in the middle of the night," Elisa said, her voice sharp. "How did you get in here when I locked the door to the balcony?" 
Gareth felt slightly guilty, but he knew he had no choice but to come clean. He lifted the evidence of the crime in his hands. After clearing his throat, he began to explain, "I never expected you to come out of the shower without any clothes on." 
Elisa huffed indignantly, "You're putting the blame on me?" 
"No, it's my fault," Gareth answered firmly. "I shouldn't have come in here." 
"Get out!" Elisa pointed towards the door, her voice assertive and unwavering. 
Gareth noticed Elisa was angry with him, so he tried calming her down. "It wasn't my intention to see you without your clothes," he explained. "I came over to ask you what time you're going to the office tomorrow so I could drop you off. Since you were in the shower, I decided to wait outside. I never thought that... Don't worry; I'll take responsibility." 
Elisa almost couldn't contain her urge to laugh when he said he would take responsibility for seeing her without her clothes. She pointed to the door, her expression inscrutable. "I'll make you regret it if you don't leave this instant," she demanded. "Also," Elisa lifted her chin before continuing, "Leave the keys before you go." "You better hove o good reoson to exploin why you're here in the middle of the night," Eliso soid, her voice shorp. "How did you get in here when I locked the door to the bolcony?" 
Goreth felt slightly guilty, but he knew he hod no choice but to come cleon. He lifted the evidence of the crime in his honds. After cleoring his throot, he begon to exploin, "I never expected you to come out of the shower without ony clothes on." 
Eliso huffed indignontly, "You're putting the blome on me?" 
"No, it's my foult," Goreth onswered firmly. "I shouldn't hove come in here." 
"Get out!" Eliso pointed towords the door, her voice ossertive ond unwovering. 
Goreth noticed Eliso wos ongry with him, so he tried colming her down. "It wosn't my intention to see you without your clothes," he exploined. "I come over to osk you whot time you're going to the office tomorrow so I could drop you off. Since you were in the shower, I decided to woit outside. I never thought thot... Don't worry; I'll toke responsibility." 
Eliso olmost couldn't contoin her urge to lough when he soid he would toke responsibility for seeing her without her clothes. She pointed to the door, her expression inscrutoble. "I'll moke you regret it if you don't leove this instont," she demonded. "Also," Eliso lifted her chin before continuing, "Leove the keys before you go." 
Gareth tried to reason with Elisa, but she was having none of it. He knew that he was wasting his breath, so he gave up and left. 
Elisa slammed the door to the balcony shut as soon as he left. The sound of the lock turning echoed through the room. 
Gareth smiled, his eyes glinting with mischief. He wasn't frustrated by how she had kicked him out of
her room. He was amused by her reaction instead. 
Gareth noticed he didn't have the slightest hint of anger whenever he was with Elisa. He knew he had fallen too deep. He was still smiling from ear to ear, even though he had acted so childishly and ended up being kicked out of the room. 
He stood by the entrance, smoking a cigarette. He couldn't wipe away the image of Elisa's shadow in his head. 
"Damn it!" Gareth yelled as he threw the cigarette butt in the trash can. As he was about to leave, he heard the door click. Right after, the door to the balcony opened. 
Elisa's face was white as a sheet, and her eyes were filled with terror. "Bella is in the police station," she said, her voice shaking. "I don't know what happened, but we must get to her." 
Gareth didn't even have the chance to ask for more details before they left the mansion in a rush. 
The subtle noise of their departure awakened Julia, and her lips curled up in satisfaction. 
However, the reason they left the house together in the middle of the night wasn't what she had expected. 
"What happened? Why is she in the police station so late at night? Is she okay?" Gareth asked in a single breath. 
Gareth and Bella usually acted indifferent towards each other, but he was evidently concerned about her. 
She knew then that he genuinely cared about Bella, and she was no longer hung up on the way he had snuck into her room. 
"She's safe. Bella noticed someone had been to her house and immediately called the police. She's in the police station now," Elisa explained, her voice grave and solemn. 
"That's good to hear," Gareth said, nodding in relief. "You don't have to be too worried as well." He stared at Elisa with a reassuring glance. 
Elisa nodded, but the edges of her face were still tense. She couldn't shake away the uneasy feeling. After all, anyone would be terrified to find out that someone had been to their home. 
###chapter1818
Chapter 1820 Stranger
She didn't even know if the intruder was still in her room when the police arrived. 
It was terrifying to be alone when your life was in danger. 
Elisa knew exactly how Bella felt in this situation as a woman herself. Her mind was reeling with worry for Bella's safety. She pitied Bella for having to go through this alone. 
Gareth knew Elisa could only calm down if she saw Bella with her own eyes. So, without a word, he pressed on the accelerator, speeding through the highway in his black Mercedes-Benz. 
They arrived at the police station after about ten minutes. 
Elisa immediately got out of the car and started walking towards the police station, but Gareth called out to her. 
Elisa turned around slowly. Before she could see who it was, she felt the warmth of a coat wrapped around her from behind and caught a whiff of a familiar scent. The small gesture made her feel as if she was being wrapped around his arms, easing her anxiety. 
Gareth swiftly held Elisa's hands as she stared blankly at him. 
"Let's go." 
They went inside the police station together, and one of the officers guided them to the waiting room. As soon as Elisa entered, she saw Bella, who was shivering. She couldn't tell if she was trembling due to the cold or her fears. 
"Don't worry, we're here now," Elisa said, her eyes staring gravely into Bella's. She didn't even know if the intruder wos still in her room when the police orrived. 
It wos terrifying to be olone when your life wos in donger. 
Eliso knew exoctly how Bello felt in this situotion os o womon herself. Her mind wos reeling with worry for Bello's sofety. She pitied Bello for hoving to go through this olone. 
Goreth knew Eliso could only colm down if she sow Bello with her own eyes. So, without o word, he pressed on the occelerotor, speeding through the highwoy in his block Mercedes-Benz. 
They orrived ot the police stotion ofter obout ten minutes. 
Eliso immediotely got out of the cor ond storted wolking towords the police stotion, but Goreth colled out to her. 
Eliso turned oround slowly. Before she could see who it wos, she felt the wormth of o coot wropped oround her from behind ond cought o whiff of o fomilior scent. The smoll gesture mode her feel os if she wos being wropped oround his orms, eosing her onxiety. 
Goreth swiftly held Eliso's honds os she stored blonkly ot him. 
"Let's go." 
They went inside the police stotion together, ond one of the officers guided them to the woiting room. As soon os Eliso entered, she sow Bello, who wos shivering. She couldn't tell if she wos trembling due
to the cold or her feors. 
"Don't worry, we're here now," Eliso soid, her eyes storing grovely into Bello's. 
As soon as Bella saw Elisa, she shot up to her feet and wrapped her arms around her tightly. Elisa was like a guardian angel to her; she felt like she was enveloped in a warm blanket of safety. 
Elisa hugged her back tightly and slowly patted her back, showering her with warmth. "You don't have to be afraid anymore, Bella," she assured gently. "We're here for you." 
Elisa had a way of making people feel calm and secure, even when she didn't say or do anything. Bella felt her fear slowly melt away as she held Elisa close. 
Her eyes were bloodshot and swollen, like a rabbit that had been chased by a fox. She was usually a very strong person, but she had been through a lot that day. 
Elisa felt terrible for Bella and wanted to help her feel better. She cupped Bella's cheeks in her hands and looked into her eyes. "Look at me, Bella," she said in a soft and tender voice. "You're okay now. Once you're feeling better, you can tell me what happened." 
Bella's eyes widened in fear as if the scenes from before were playing right before her eyes. 
At that moment, Gareth came to her after learning about what had happened from the police. 
As the people she was familiar with surrounded her, she finally felt the tension in her shoulders release. She smiled for the first time in hours, knowing she was safe. 
"When I went back home in the evening, I saw a pair of slippers by the entrance of my house," Bella said, her voice trembling. "My instinct told me that something wasn't right. I always left my shoes on the shoe rack whenever I went out, but I didn't want to overthink it." 
Bella's words started to get caught in her throat as she explained. Elisa noticed how her breath quickened and slowly patted her back to calm her down. 
"After that, I went to the bathroom. I was feeling a little uneasy, but I tried to ignore it. I sat down on the toilet bowl and noticed that it was warm. My heart pounded fast, and I didn't dare get out of the bathroom. I texted you, but I didn't get a reply, so I thought you were asleep." 
Elisa's mind raced as she tried to remember what she had been doing. She realized that she must have been in the shower when it happened. 
"I went online to find ways to contact the police and immediately called them. While waiting for the police, someone tried to open the door. The door was locked, but they turned the knob several times and started to push the door hard. I was terrified. I didn't know what else to do, so I stood behind the door with a plunger, scared they would bang the door open." 
###chapter1819
Chapter 1821 Deep Resentment
As she recalled what happened just now, Bella's hands started to tremble again. One of the police officers passed her a blanket, but she continued to shiver in fear. 
"Did the stranger say anything?" Elisa inquired. 
Bella shook her head. "I tried to warn the person that I had already called the police, and they were on their way. I asked who it was, but they continued to knock on the door vigorously without replying to a word I said," Bella's voice quavered weakly, her breath growing thin and ragged. Her eyes had widened so large, and her body froze as if being pulled back to her memories of what had happened. She buried her head in her arms, struggling to figure out why this was happening to her. 
The police officer at the side helped her explain, "The person ran away as soon as we arrived. They had been trying to smash open the bathroom door with a hammer. They would have gotten to her if we had arrived a few minutes later." 
Elisa felt her stomach churn at the thought. She felt terrible that Bella had to go through this. She hugged Bella and reassured her again, "You're okay now." 
Bella had never been this emotionally distraught, even when her ex-fiancé and best friend betrayed her. It was all down to the pressure of being alone in a different city, getting oppressed by the executives in the company, and getting so close to death that all the compounded stress opened up her bottled-up emotions like a broken dam. She just wanted to cry and let it all out. 
Even Gareth, who usually appeared cold and distant, couldn't help but pity his cousin. His eyes softened as he stared at her, thinking about who might've done this to her. 
But according to Bella, this wasn't even the first time that something like this had happened. 
Bella's phone call in the middle of the night was because she noticed someone following her. She also received a bouquet from an anonymous sender. She never thought much about it but suddenly realized everything could be connected. The flowers weren't sent as a sign of love or admiration but as a threat. 
Elisa's face darkened. "Bella just moved to Bayswe. There's no way she could have made an enemy here in such a short period. Even if she did, they wouldn't have such deep resentment towards her. If we narrow down the possibilities, there's only one person..." Elisa trailed off, not wanting to say the name out loud. 
She shot a glance at Gareth, signaling for him to follow her outside so they could talk privately. 
Bella was in a very vulnerable state, so Elisa wanted to stay by her side. She also didn't want to say anything that might trigger her. 
Hence, Elisa stayed by Bella's side and waited for her to fall asleep before leaving. 
Gareth was leaning against the wall by the door, smoking a cigarette. His right hand was on the railing, and his body was slightly curved forward. He held the cigarette in his left hand and let out puffs of smoke from his mouth. The smoke from his cigarette obscured his face, making it impossible to read his emotions. 
When he saw Elisa exiting the room, he stubbed out his cigarette in the trash can and stood up. 
"How is she?" Gareth's tall, lean frame stepped closer to Elisa, casting a shadow over her features. 
Elisa stared at him, wondering if she should tell him he didn't need to put out his cigarette. She decided to keep it to herself. 
"She's asleep," she said. 
Gareth nodded. "That's good." 
Elisa didn't say a word as she leaned against the wall, mirroring Gareth's posture from a moment ago. 
Gareth stood before her, his eyes glinting with curiosity. "What were you going to say just now?" 
Elisa kept quiet momentarily, her eyes slowly lifting to meet his. "Bella just moved to Bayswe. Although she can sometimes be a little reckless, she would never go overboard. I don't believe anyone would have such deep hatred towards her that they would plot something like this to scare her. Only one person in Bayswe would do something like this."
###chapter1820
Chapter 1822 Illegal Ways
Their eyes met in tacit understanding as they both said the name in unison. 
"Paul Grayson." 
"Paul Grayson." 
Gareth let out a sharp laugh, his eyes glinting with amusement. Elisa followed suit, her cheeks turning red. 
"This has to be about me," Elisa continued. "When Bella first joined the company, everyone knew that I was the one who brought her in. Initially, she had no potential to be appointed, so I appointed her interim leader. She could have been promoted once she proved herself, but that never happened because Paul kept her in check." 
"I'll be proposing for her promotion at the executive meeting tomorrow. It has to go through, no matter what. It'll also be a good time to test Paul and see if he has anything to do with this. If it was him..." Elisa's eyes turned cold as ice before she could finish her sentence. Gareth knew that this wouldn't end well for Paul. 
"But," Elisa suddenly changed her tone as she considered other possibilities. "if it wasn't someone from Bayswe, then we'll have to look into the people she knew before coming here." 
It immediately made Gareth think of her good-for-nothing ex-fiancé and the w*nch that stole her best friend's husband. The thought of it sent a chill down his spine. How could she have such terrible taste in men? 
"Are you thinking that this has to do with her ex-fiancé and the so-called best friend she had? If I remember correctly, they were taken in for questioning for embezzlement. It wasn't a small amount of money. I doubt they would be released so soon." 
Elisa nodded her head, but Gareth knew what she was thinking. She must have thought that Bella's ex- fiancé and best friend had broken free from prison illegally. 
They might not even get a truthful answer if they asked the correctional officers. And if they sent in a request for visitation, it would most likely be rejected. 
Gareth knew what he had to do to get to the bottom of this. "Don't worry," he said. "I'll find out the truth within three days. Whoever dares to touch the people of the Wickam family will face the consequences." 
Gareth's words were like poison dripping from his lips. His eyes narrowed into two black holes, sucking in all the light around them. 
Elisa folded her coat. She was confident that Gareth would be able to investigate everything concerning the despicable acts that had been happening to Bella. The only thing she had to worry about right now was staying with Bella overnight. She would test Paul the following day to see if he was involved. 
Elisa had been fighting sleep all day. She thought she could shower and fall asleep, but the events of the day had kept her awake. She was about to pass out from exhaustion after she got Bella to sleep. 
Gareth looked at her with pity and worry. As soon as she looked up, she met his warm and affectionate gaze. 
Elisa touched her face and asked confusedly, "Is there something on my face?" 
"Yes," Gareth replied nonchalantly. "Don't move." 
Gareth reached out and gently wiped the dirt off her face. 
Gareth's calloused hands brushed against Elisa's soft cheek, sending a shiver down her spine. She wasn't sure if it was from the intimate contact or the sudden chill in the air. 
At that moment, she also caught a whiff of tobacco on his breath. Usually, she despised the smell of smoking, but for some reason, it didn't bother her now. In fact, it was strangely intoxicating. 
The smell of the tobacco on Gareth was like a cologne that mesmerized her. It made her feel calm and relaxed. It was a smell that belonged uniquely to him, and she didn't hate it. 
###chapter1821
Chapter 1823 Grateful
She subtly tried to inch away, but there was barely any space between them. She knew this was her way of silently rejecting his advances, but she didn't want to make a scene. 
Gareth was slightly disappointed but quickly regained his composure and acted as if nothing had happened. 
"The police are still gathering more information from Bella. I know you want to stay with her tonight, but I don't want you to sleep here. I booked a room for you at a hotel nearby. I'll ask the officers to take you there." 
Elisa looked reluctant. 
"It's only a mile away. I booked two rooms. If we're needed here, we can come back together. If you stay in the waiting room here, you'll catch a cold," Gareth explained in a deep and concerned voice. 
Elisa hesitated for a moment before nodding her head. 
"Thank you," she muttered softly. She turned around and headed towards the rest area to wake Bella up. 
Gareth's voice rang out behind her. 
"You don't have to thank me. I'm the one who should be thanking you." 
Elisa didn't respond as she opened the door to the resting area. 
Gareth let out a sigh of relief. He had been worried that Elisa would refuse his offer. He knew she was a strong-willed woman; once she made up her mind, it was hard to change it. 
He booked a presidential suite with two rooms opposite each other. 
Bella slept in the same room as Elisa. They fell asleep quickly. 
Gareth couldn't help but sigh, thinking how much better it would have been if they were at Wickam Manor. 
The night passed quietly. 
The following day, Gareth sent Elisa and Bella back to the police station. 
After a good night's sleep, Bella looked much better than before. She was no longer panicking at the slightest movement. 
Bella was able to recover quickly from her anxious breakdowns thanks to Elisa's comforting presence by her side throughout the day. She was also a mentally resilient person by nature. 
Gareth had work to attend to at the office, so he took a taxi to Wickam Group after accompanying Bella and Elisa to the police station. It was a rare sight for his employees to see him taking a taxi. 
Bella gave a concise and detailed account of the incident to the police at the station. The police assured her that they would do everything in their power to apprehend the intruder. 
After thanking the police, Elisa brought Bella to the car. 
"Are you feeling okay? You look like you're still breaking out in cold sweats," Elisa said worriedly as she took out a few tissues to pass to Bella. "Use this to wipe your sweat away." 
Bella thanked Elisa and started to wipe her sweat away. 
"Ms. Benett, I'm so sorry for being a nuisance the past two days. I had no one else to call but you yesterday. I don't know anyone else in Bayswe, and I couldn't bear to frighten Grandma." 
Elisa smiled warmly. "What are you saying? How is this a nuisance? I can't let anything happen to my best employee. We have a big proposal coming up. Who am I supposed to find if something happened to you?" 
Bella finally smiled. She knew Elisa was trying to lighten her burden. 
Elisa's kindness deeply touched her, and it made her feel extremely grateful for her support. 
In the car, Elisa asked Bella if she wanted to go to the office or home.
###chapter1822
Chapter 1824 Settle
Elisa suggested that Bella go home and rest, but Bella declined. 
"The proposal is almost done," she said. "I can only sleep in peace once it's been signed." 
Elisa respected Bella's decision but couldn't help but feel uneasy. She gripped the steering wheel tightly. "Let me know if you don't feel well," she responded. 
Bella nodded in agreement. 
Elisa drove to the office in silence. She couldn't shake the feeling that something was wrong. 
Bella was in a vulnerable state, but she insisted on working. She felt grateful to Elisa and also wanted to prove her worth. 
Paul's refusal to let the proposal go through made Elisa's blood boil. She was determined to make sure the proposal was passed today. She thought to herself that she would do whatever it took to make it happen. 
The car stopped at the entrance of the office. Elisa accompanied Bella to the top floor and supported her to her seat. Bella was reluctant, but Elisa insisted on helping her. Elisa wanted everyone to know that she had Bella's back. If anyone tried to hurt Bella, they would have to answer to her. 
Elisa predicted that Paul would be furious if he knew her plans for promoting Bella. He was known to despise people who used connections to get ahead. 
He believed integrity was about earning your position through hard work and merit, not nepotism or
favoritism. He also believed that a company would be in a mess if people were promoted based on their connections rather than their qualifications. 
Ultimately, the people who were plotting schemes and flaunting their power and status were all people under Paul. 
In the past, Elisa had paid no heed to this, as Paul had been one of the investors supporting the company for a long time. 
But she couldn't let it be anymore! 
As expected, Paul was late for the executive meeting. 
Someone in the room asked if they should send a staff member to remind him. 
Elisa's lips curled up in an inscrutable expression. "Even the president knows how to be on time. Who does Mr. Grayson think he is? Do we need to cancel the meeting if he's not here?" she said coldly. 
The person looked displeased by Elisa's criticism. His lips started to tremble, but he didn't say a word. Not everyone had the ability or power to speak over Elisa. 
After asserting her unwavering stance, she started the meeting. 
About twenty minutes later, as the director of the project department was giving his speech, Paul barged into the meeting room angrily. 
Everyone's head turned towards the door. Paul was standing by the door, his eyes flaring red and his anger visible through the veins popping out of his neck. 
"Mr. Grayson, I thought you won't be joining us today," Elisa muttered dismissively. 
Paul had to clench his fists to keep himself from slapping Elisa across the face. Her words were respectful, but her tone was condescending and mocking. 
"I had something to attend to," Paul said with a lilt, though he was boiling with anger. 
He wouldn't have achieved his current position if he couldn't maintain his composure in front of people of higher authority. 
Within a short while, Paul had composed himself and returned to a neutral expression. 
"Since you're here, take a seat," Elisa said, pointing to a seat on her left. "You're just in time to listen to the upcoming plans. The next one has to do with market research, the department you're in charge of." She didn't spare another glance at Paul. 
Paul seethed with anger, his face red and his fists clenched. He knew he couldn't lash out at Elisa, so he sat down and tried to calm himself down. 
###chapter1823
Chapter 1825 Meeting
Elisa announced, "Let's begin," with a slight nod. Rochelle stared between Paul and Elisa, unsure of what to do. She didn't want to offend either of them. 
She had significantly benefited from being under Paul's wing and couldn't afford to disobey him. 
Paul smiled slowly, savoring his moment of power. His smile seemed to say, "Look at this. She is my employee. They only listen to my orders. You may be the CEO, Elisa, but you're nothing compared to me. Who do you think you are?" 
Paul's eyes lit up with a mocking glint, his face devoid of the anger he felt a moment ago. He spoke matter-of-factly, "Ms. Benett asked you to start your presentation. Why aren't you listening to her?" 
Although he was reprimanding her, anyone could tell that his voice had no hint of displeasure. Instead, his tone was light and carefree, secretly pleased with her actions. 
A few stakeholders who didn't want anything to do with their feud started to lower their heads. The others were curious to see how this would end up. 
Paul was facing Elisa head-on, and the people in the meeting room wanted to witness how Elisa would diffuse the situation. Without a doubt, if Elisa couldn't manage it, Paul would hold her by the nose for the rest of her time as CEO here. 
Elisa's eyes were cold, devoid of any emotion. They looked directly into Paul's eyes, and their gazes met in an intense stare. 
Elisa shifted her gaze to Rochelle and smiled, her eyes a half-moon shape. "You should have told me
you weren't feeling well. Is there anyone who can take your place in presenting the report?" 
Rochelle's deliberate attempt to step over Elisa was met with a quick-witted dismissal from Elisa. 
Before she could say anything in her defense, Elisa had already found someone else to present. 
It seemed that if someone wasn't going to rise to the occasion, Elisa didn't need them around. 
Rochelle had chosen to side with Paul, but that didn't mean everyone on the events team was siding with him. 
"Ms. Bennett, let me do it," a familiar voice rang out in the meeting room. 
Everyone turned their heads to the source of the voice and saw Bella enter the meeting room, carrying files and her notebook. 
She nodded her head, politely greeting everyone in the room. 
She then walked over to Elisa and placed the notebook before her. "Ms. Benett, if you would allow me, I would like to present our report to the executives here today," she said. As she finished her sentence, she winked at Elisa mischievously, her lips curving into a smile. 
Elisa was stunned to see Bella here. She had not expected her to show up, especially after what had happened the day before. 
But she was also intrigued by Bella's plans. 
She saw this opportunity as a chance to evaluate the management of the project department and make significant changes if necessary. 
Since Bella was here, it would make things much easier. She could take this as her chance to get used to her future responsibilities. 
Elisa smiled back at her and gestured for her to start her presentation. "You can go on." 
Bella nodded and walked to the front of the projected screen. 
Rochelle felt uneasy at Bella's actions. She pointed at Bella and said sharply, "This meeting is only attended by the executives and directors. Bella has no right to present here as a mere temporary leader." She turned to Elisa as soon as she finished her sentence. Remembering what had happened the other day, her voice deepened with conviction and a hint of displeasure. "Ms. Benett, Bella has no right to be here." 
Elisa kept quiet and stared at her indifferently, the corner of her lips lifting subtly. Her expression was unreadable. 
A heavy silence hung in the air after Rochelle's unwavering statement. 
"Calm down and have a glass of water," Elisa said with a chuckle.
###chapter1824
Chapter 1826 Hypocrite
But her eyes were like two empty sockets, devoid of any emotion. 
Rochelle stood rooted to her spot, unable to move. She didn't dare to drink or take her seat. Her eyes widened in fear. The atmosphere in the meeting room turned awkward. 
She then shot a pleading gaze at Paul. 
Paul cleared his throat and said, "Exactly, Ms. Benett. Ms. Matterson has a point. This doesn't seem right." 
Elisa's lips lifted slightly in an indiscernible look as she tapped her finger on the table. No one could tell what was going through her head. 
Elisa scanned the meeting table and asked, "What do the people here think?" 
She proposed a discussion, but her authoritative voice demanded a response. 
No one dared to speak up. 
As Paul was about to say something, Elisa threw Rochelle's report onto the ground. 
Everyone was left in shock by her unexpected actions. 
Even Paul stood frozen, struggling to wrap his mind around what had happened. 
"The rules need to be changed if it doesn't work. Also, I sent the proposal for Bella's promotion two
weeks ago. Why didn't you approve it?" Elisa lowered her voice, emphasizing every work clearly. 
This was the first time that Elisa had lashed out in anger, especially towards someone with such a high status in the company. 
Although Elisa had nothing to lose by going against Paul, she had never directly expressed it to his face. 
Paul had never respected Elisa, and now that she targeted him, he would only become more arrogant and condescending. 
However, he had a thick skin from years of experience, so Elisa's threatening remarks rolled off his back. He kept his composure and feigned a saddened expression, but inside, he was seething with anger. 
"I know this matter upsets you," he said, "but the company does not tolerate anyone who obtains their position through connections. If I approve her promotion, there will be more problems that will arise in the future. It is already an unusual practice for Bella to join the company, and now you want her to be promoted in such a short time. She can't depend on connections to climb her way up. It would be inevitable that other employees would be displeased with the unfair decision." 
Elisa snickered at his remarks. She was baffled yet amused by how he acted as if he cared for the company. 
"Mr. Grayson, are you sure that's not how you feel?" she asked, her eyes narrowed at him in a provocative stare. 
Paul's face turned grim immediately. He pointed towards Elisa, his voice trembling as he raised his voice, "What are you implying?" 
He had fallen right into Elisa's trap. As soon as he felt the slightest hint of accusation, he felt compelled to lash out in self-defense. 
Elisa twirled a strand of her hair in amusement as she watched Paul squirm. He had fooled himself into thinking he cared about the company, but she knew better. He was only in it for himself. 
Elisa took out a file and slammed it down in the middle of the meeting table. The executives and directors exchanged nervous glances before taking a document each. Their eyes bulged out of their heads as soon as they saw what was on the document. 
The document revealed that Rochelle had embezzled millions from the company and sold off the company's confidential technology. 
It also described in detail how Rochelle obtained the director position through Paul's connections. 
Elisa sipped her tea and said, "Mr. Grayson, you're acting like a hypocrite. You said that promoting Bella through connections would make the employees feel upset. But this is what you're doing behind everyone's back? Rochelle has schemed such despicable acts using your name. Are you unaware of this, or have you been feigning indifference all this time?" 
Paul slumped in his chair, defeated. His confidence, which had been so strong before, had been completely shattered by Elisa's exposure of his lies.
###chapter1825
Chapter 1827 In My Position
The color drained from Paul's face, and his eyes widened with fear. 
He had been caught red-handed, and he knew it. 
Elisa had exposed him in front of everyone; it was no different from a public execution. 
Rochelle noticed Paul's gaze staring at her. She hung her head, staring at the ground. Paul's eyes turned cold with indignation. 
She had caused a mess, and now Paul was left holding the bag. 
Elisa ignored their interaction and turned to the other stakeholders. She raised her voice and asked, "If people like Rochelle can become the director of our project department, then why can't Bella take up the team leader position?" 
Rochelle, who was brought into the company by Paul, was now being brought down by Elisa, who was exposing her past schemes. 
Paul felt a sinking feeling in his stomach as his face turned crimson with rage. 
"I believe Rochelle should be held accountable for her actions," he said, his voice tight with tension. "However, she has also been a valuable asset to the company. I propose we dock her pay for the next three months as punishment. As for Bella, I believe she is more than qualified to be a team leader, and I approve of her assignment." 
Paul tried to downplay the situation by giving Elisa what she wanted, but it wasn't enough. Rochelle
should be in prison for embezzling the company's funds. There was no way Elisa would let her off the hook by merely docking her salary for three months. 
He was proposing a solution that would have benefitted them greatly, but he acted as if he was on the losing end. 
His tone implied he didn't mind taking the fall for this matter as long as the company didn't go into chaos. 
As expected, he continued, trying to deflect the severity of the matter. "Elisa, you're still young. You don't have the experience of handling a matter like this. The company will lose its stability if it is not handled properly." 
Rochelle knew Paul was trying to protect her, so she readily agreed to his proposed action. She also vowed to guide Bella well in her work. 
Everything seemed to be going according to plan. 
After all, Paul had finally decided to give the team leader position to Bella. 
But Elisa wasn't here to discuss matters with them. 
She had the authority to determine what happened to them. 
"It would be the company's greatest mistake to keep someone who betrays everyone else's trust," Elisa asserted in a commanding voice. "Ms. Matterson, you're fired. Your position will be taken over by Ms. Wickam with a probation period of three months." 
Elisa said it all in one breath, leaving Rochelle in utter shock. Even Bella was stunned to hear her announcement. Elisa had never brought up the possibility of taking up the role with her before. 
Rochelle had already walked over to Paul, begging him in tears to keep her in the company. 
Rochelle broke down into tears as she clung to Paul. He would have to comfort his lover later. 
But she was begging the wrong person. 
Paul's veins bulged in his neck as his eyes narrowed at Elisa. "What are you trying to achieve?" he asked indignantly. "Are you not afraid of losing the support of the people who have been here for decades and have helped build this company?" 
Elisa stood up from her chair and walked to the middle of the meeting table. She placed her hands firmly on the table and stared at everyone with a pressuring gaze. 
"Everyone here has contributed greatly to the company," she said in a clear and determined voice. "I would never take that for granted. However, I have my principles and my values. I would not tolerate anyone who goes against what my company stands for. It would be a dereliction of my duty as CEO to let Rochelle go today." 
Elisa emphasized the gravity of her words, making sure that everyone understood the importance of her decision. She had made everyone stand in opposition to Paul. 
Seeing how no one disagreed with her remarks, she gave Paul a visceral look of satisfaction. 
###chapter1826
Chapter 1828 Not Suitable
"Mr. Grayson, if you have any ions, please let me know once you are in my position. I will be leaving now," Elisa concluded, her voice dripping with sarcasm. 
Elisa turned on her heel and left the meeting room, not bothering to look back. 
Bella was still trying to wrap her head around her new title. However, her demeanor changed as soon as she spoke to Rochelle. "Ms. Matterson, please tidy up your office as soon as possible. I'll be moving in three days." 
She then turned and followed Elisa out of the room. 
The meeting room erupted into chaos when they left. However, at that point, there was nothing Paul could do to change the meeting outcome. 
He had a plan, but he wouldn't sacrifice it for Rochelle. 
As expected, Rochelle packed up her things and left in the afternoon. Bella was elated but also apprehensive. Her mind was racing, and she decided to seek out Elisa in her office. 
She knocked on the door and heard Elisa's voice. 
"Come in." 
Elisa saw Bella as soon as she lifted her eyes, but she didn't seem surprised to see her. 
"I knew you would come to find me," Elisa said. "I just didn't think you would come so soon. Have a
seat." 
Elisa poured a glass of coffee for Bella as she took her seat. Bella held onto the glass with both hands, unsure how to start the conversation. 
Elisa smiled knowingly when she saw Bella's discomfort. "You're not one to beat around the bush, are you?" she teased. After a pause, she continued with a grave voice, "It'll be a challenge for you to take up the director role if you act this way." 
Bella's eyes widened in alarm, but she quickly regained her composure. "I came here to talk about that," she said calmly. "I'm afraid I'm not capable enough for the position. I don't think I can do a better job than Rochelle. Maybe you shouldn't have fired her." 
Elisa's smile froze as Bella's words sank in. Her eyes narrowed into a cold, icy glare. 
Bella felt like she had made a terrible mistake. 
Elisa's gaze was chilling, reminding her of Gareth's when he was angry. 
The two of them looked very similar when they were furious. 
Bella fidgeted nervously, her arms wrapped around her body. "Did I say something wrong?" she asked Elisa, her voice small and timid. 
Elisa shook her head and poured herself a glass of coffee, her eyes never leaving Bella's face. 
"I just think you've overestimated your value," Elisa said, her voice cold and unsympathetic. 
Bella's face paled at Elisa's words, her confidence evaporating like water in the desert sun. 
"I'm not sure why you think I fired Rochelle because of you," Elisa said. "Of course, you played a part in it, but the more important reason was that Rochelle was a threat to the company. I also don't think you'd be able to do well as a director." 
Bella's face had turned ashen, her eyes wide with fear. 
Bella never expected to be met with such harsh criticism when she decided to find Elisa. 
Bella couldn't understand why Elisa was treating her so differently. She was usually approachable and friendly, but now she was cold, distant, and indifferent. 
Bella felt a rift growing between her and Elisa. She had always looked up to Elisa, but now she felt she didn't know her. She was devastated by Elisa's criticism; it was as if she was drowning in the deep ocean. She had always admired Elisa, and now she felt like she had let her down. 
A knot of dread began forming in her stomach. 
Elisa took a sip of her coffee and sighed, her eyes lingering on Bella. Her tone softened as she said, "No one is perfect at their job right away. It's normal to feel like you're not cut out for this position. That's why I gave you three months of probation." 
Bella's unfocused gaze sharpened, and her face slowly brightened. 
Her raw emotions were displayed as plain as day.
###chapter1827
Chapter 1829 The Black Sheep
"I get what you mean now!" Bella's face lit up like a radiant sunrise, and her cheeks flushed with excitement. Her genuine smile reflected the newfound enthusiasm that had ignited within her. 
With determination in her voice, she declared, "In three months, I will establish a firm footing in this position and prove to you and the board of directors that your choice was right." 
After her bold statement, Bella gracefully rose from her chair and bowed to Elisa, expressing her gratitude and respect. 
Elisa watched Bella's departure with a satisfied smile, reaffirming her confidence in the young woman's capabilities. 
While the atmosphere around the office was filled with the excitement of Bella's promotion, there was one person whose mood was tainted by bitterness and defeat. 
Rochelle returned to her office, feeling humiliated and defeated as she began to pack her belongings. She would choose not to pack her things if she could turn back time. The humiliation she had endured was immeasurable. 
The leaking of the meeting's contents had left Rochelle suspicious, wondering if Elisa might have orchestrated it. Still, she couldn't deny the reality before her. All her belongings were carelessly tossed into a shabby cardboard box, placed right outside the office door as if they were eager to see her gone. 
But that wasn't the end of her ordeal. 
As Rochelle walked out with the box, her colleagues couldn't hide their contempt, and their disdainful
glances pierced her already wounded spirit. To add to her misery, someone purposely bumped into her, causing scalding hot coffee to spill all over her body. The searing liquid left her skin red and irritated, tarnishing the carefully prepared appearance she had maintained in the past. Once a prominent figure in the company, she quickly became the black sheep, the outcast of the workplace. 
Rochelle had never experienced such treatment before. Her body trembled with barely suppressed rage, on the verge of exploding. 
However, Bella, now in her newly appointed managerial position, quickly intervened to end the escalating conflict. 
As Bella emerged from Elisa's office and witnessed the scene, she paused momentarily, her sharp mind working to grasp the unfolding situation. 
Despite her humiliation, Rochelle seemed to have regained some courage, tilting her head defiantly as she lashed out, "These people are just opportunists. They treat me like this now and might treat you the same way in the future. I haven't even officially resigned, and they are already so eager. Bella, can't you control your subordinates and have them behave?" 
Despite her downfall, Rochelle's insolent demeanor remained unchanged. 
The young employee who had spilled the coffee realized she had gone too far. Nervously, she looked at Bella with tears welling in her eyes, struggling to find the right words to explain herself. Afraid of being misunderstood by Bella, she was on the verge of tears. 
The office fell into silence, with everyone waiting for Bella's reaction. 
Suddenly, amidst the tense atmosphere, Bella burst into laughter. 
Rochelle's eyebrows twisted, demanding to know what was so amusing. 
Others looked at Bella with bewilderment, unsure of her reaction. 
Bella folded her arms and turned to face Rochelle, and her voice tinged with contempt and mockery. "I thought you would become wiser after this incident. But you're still as foolish and stubborn as ever." 
Rochelle couldn't believe what she heard. "What did you say?!" 
Her face contorted with rage, twisting her beautiful features into a ghastly sight. 
Without hesitation, Bella responded, "First of all, you have been fired. When Ms. Benett spoke, you were no longer the company's director. Stop using your former position to bully others." 
Rochelle wanted to retort, but Bella ruthlessly cut her off. The situation had taken an unexpected turn, and Rochelle's arrogance crumbled in the face of Bella's newfound strength and determination.
###chapter1828
Chapter 1830 The Demeanor of a Director
With firm resolve, Bella stood her ground and addressed Rochelle's ill-intentioned words. "Also, these people are my team members. You've abused and suppressed my team for so long, so it's only fair for us to seek revenge now, right?" Her words exuded confidence, and her authoritative presence filled the room with awe. 
She continued, not giving Rochelle a chance to defend herself, "Call security and have this person escorted out of the company. Don't let her take anything that doesn't belong to her. Also, thoroughly check the files on her phone." 
Rochelle's fury escalated, and she unleashed a barrage of curses, heedless of her image. "Who do you think you are? How dare you treat me like this?" Rochelle's arrogance knew no bounds. 
"What, didn't you get your position after hanging around that b*tch, Elisa? Everyone knows why you were promoted to chairperson at such a young age. You're no good either!" 
Before Rochelle could finish her derogatory tirade, Bella's palm struck her face with a resounding slap. 
In the distance, Elisa noticed the commotion and stepped out to see if she needed to intervene. As she approached, she slowed to observe Bella's actions from a distance, leaning against a nearby pillar calmly. She watched, curious to see how Bella would handle the situation. 
Elisa couldn't help but be impressed by the force and impact of Bella's slap. The decisive action caught her attention, and she silently admired Bella's boldness in handling the situation. 
The impact was powerful, and Rochelle's face immediately swelled up. The stinging sensation in Bella's hand lingered, a testament to the force she had used, but she couldn't let Rochelle's slander go
unchallenged. Despite the tension in the air, Bella stood her ground, unwavering in her determination to put an end to Rochelle's insolence. 
Taking hold of Rochelle's collar, Bella's voice held an unmistakable edge of authority as she threatened, "If you continue to defame others, be prepared to receive a lawyer's letter." 
With a firm push, Bella released her grip on Rochelle, causing the disgraced woman to stumble backward and eventually fall to the ground. 
The security guards arrived, and Elisa watched the unfolding scene from a distance, her gaze fixed on Bella, curious to see how she would handle the situation. 
Rochelle appeared dazed from the slap, her expression a mix of shock and bewilderment as the security guards escorted her away, leaving the office area in awkward silence. 
As the tension in the room began to subside, Bella took a moment to collect herself, her strong exterior hiding a wave of relief washing over her. 
However, there was still one matter to address. 
Turning her attention to the young employee who had joined in the conflict, Bella looked at her with stern eyes and delivered her admonishment, "And as for you, don't take the lead like this again. It'll only get you in trouble. Let her go where she belongs, with the rest of the trash. No need for you to waste your time and energy on her." 
The young employee meekly nodded in acknowledgment. 
Observing the office area, Bella noticed Elisa, who had approached during the commotion. 
Her eyes lit up, and she swiftly instructed everyone before leaving the office area. 
Amid the commotion, the office was abuzz with discussions. 
"Ms. Wickam turned out to be completely different from what I had imagined. I thought she was a gentle and fragile Ophelia, but I never expected that she's more like Joan of Arc." 
"How could anyone around Ms. Benett be anything less? I feel that our project department will only get better and better!" 
"But if she's this fierce... I'm afraid I won't be able to handle it." 
Bella was unaware of these conversations and paid no attention to them. 
Bella's eyes sparkled with a sense of achievement as she approached Elisa, feeling pleased with how she handled the situation. "How do you think I did? I hope I didn't embarrass you." 
Elisa's smile warmed as she praised Bella's decisive actions, "You handled it well. A director should be firm in both rewards and punishments." 
Bella blushed modestly, humbled by the compliment from the woman she admired. 
Elisa couldn't help but notice the change in Bella's demeanor. She teased playfully, "Hey, where is the feisty Ms. Wickam from earlier? I've just praised you a little, and you're blushing like a cherry." 
In Elisa's presence, Bella's tough exterior seemed to soften, revealing her personality's more vulnerable and sincere side. Her admiration for Elisa was evident in her expression and demeanor. 
###chapter1829
Chapter 1831 The Mysterious Figure
Though Bella was exceptional, she never saw Elisa as a peer; instead, she regarded her as an admirable role model. Receiving Elisa's praise brought genuine happiness to Bella, though she kept her emotions well hidden. 
Elisa patted Bella's shoulder, commending her, "Well done. Now, go back to work. You need to adapt quickly to your new position. Gareth and I will help you with moving on Friday night." 
Bella nodded, accepting the plan without hesitation. 
News of the recent incident had reached their grandmother's ears, and being the caring and concerned elderly woman she is, she insisted that Bella move into the family's manor for her safety and well- being. 
Feeling obligated and having no reason to refuse, Bella agreed to the arrangement. 
"Will you and Gareth join us for dinner at the manor on Friday?" Bella inquired, looking at Elisa. 
Elisa nodded while offering advice, "Don't dwell on the matter too much for now. Focus on your work, and we'll talk a bit after office hours on Friday." 
Grateful for Elisa's understanding and guidance, Bella nodded appreciatively and returned to her office to resume work. 
Outside the company, Rochelle endured the stares and comments from passersby as she drove back to the luxurious villa Paul had purchased for her. She remained confined to the opulent house for several consecutive days, consumed by her resentment and bitterness. 
Initially, Paul tried to console Rochelle, promising to seek revenge on Elisa and Bella for her sake. However, as Rochelle's behavior turned increasingly vengeful and she neglected her appearance and self-care, Paul started withdrawing from her. 
His attraction to her had been fueled by her youth, beauty, and the benefits she provided to his career. Now, with her downfall, the spark of their relationship had faded. 
Rochelle's days were consumed by bitterness and resentment as she drowned her sorrows in alcohol and vented her anger through bitter complaints. She felt abandoned and betrayed, leading to a downward spiral of negativity and self-destructive behavior. 
Seated by the French window, Rochelle was surrounded by bottles of wine and beer, drowning herself in intoxication. 
Her tears mingled with curses aimed at Elisa and Bella as she wished for their demise. She extended her fury to all men, declaring that none were worthy of trust. 
Amidst her drunken haze, an unfamiliar voice reached her through a phone call, promising to help her deal with Bella. 
Rochelle opened the window and felt the cold breeze clear her mind. Cautiously, she inquired about the caller's identity, "Who are you? Why do you want to help me, and why should I trust you?" 
Despite her caution, the person on the other end detected Rochelle's suppressed excitement. They were well aware of her intense hatred for Bella, which pleased them greatly. A foolish and vengeful woman filled with immense hatred was the perfect pawn for their plans. 
The person on the phone smirked, "You don't need to care about my identity. Just know that we have a common enemy. If you want to get back at Bella, you'll have to listen to me." 
Rochelle snorted coldly, "Why should I trust you?" 
The voice replied confidently, "In the next few days, many capable employees working under Bella will be poached. Then you can decide if I have the ability to cooperate with you or not." 
After saying that, the caller abruptly ended the call, leaving Rochelle with a mixture of both excitement and apprehension. 
In the following days, Rochelle observed the unfolding situation with Bella and attempted to investigate the phone number. It seemed tampered with, and the IP address indicated it was from abroad. Yet, true to the caller's words, Bella encountered a series of valuable employees being poached. 
This development both excited and fueled Rochelle's desire to cooperate with the mysterious figure. However, no further calls came from the caller, leaving her in a puddle of uncertainty if the caller was just an imagination she had conjured. 
When Friday arrived, Gareth's car appeared on time outside the building after work, ready to assist Bella in moving.
###chapter1830
Chapter 1832 I Can’t Guess
Elisa and Bella settled into the car together. Bella gracefully occupied the passenger seat while Elisa and Gareth took the back seats. The vehicle glided smoothly, making its way toward the Wickam's Manor. 
Gareth noticed Elisa engrossed in her phone and gently snatched it from her grip. "Aren't you afraid of getting carsick?" he asked with concern. 
Elisa shot him a displeased look, extending her hand expectantly to reclaim her phone. "Give it back to me. I have something important to attend to." 
Refusing to budge, Gareth held the phone playfully, daring her to retrieve it from him. "Just a few of your employees are leaving. Is it really such a big deal to you, Ms. Benett?" 
Elisa's brow furrowed at the mention of the incident. Meanwhile, Bella, seated in the front passenger seat, turned to face Gareth, intrigued. "Gareth, do you know who's behind it?" 
Gareth met Elisa's gaze before replying, "Not only do I know, but I'm certain you do as well, Ms. Benett." 
Bella looked curiously at Elisa, wondering why she hadn't shared this information. 
Elisa sighed inwardly, realizing that evasion wouldn't work in this situation. She admitted, "Yes, I took action as soon as the incident occurred and found out who was responsible." 
Bella's eyes lit up, eager to know the culprit. "Who is it?" 
Gareth decided to add a hint of intrigue to the conversation. "Why don't you take a guess?" 
Bella racked her brain but couldn't come up with a plausible answer. While Rochelle had held a grudge against her, she had already left the company and seemed unlikely to cause trouble now. 
The only other person related to Rochelle was Paul, but would he resort to such tactics for a personal vendetta? It seemed unlikely, given his position within the company. 
Shaking her head, Bella gave in, "I can't guess." 
Gareth dropped the bombshell, "Valor Corporation." 
Bella's heart sank like a stone. Wasn't that the major client she was on the verge of signing a million- worth deal with? They had shown genuine interest in the collaboration, and Bella had been enthusiastic about the partnership. 
"How could this be…" she murmured, her mind reeling with disbelief. 
Understanding Bella's distress, Gareth explained, "It's perplexing, isn't it? Ms. Benett probably didn't inform you to protect you from unnecessary stress." 
Elisa glanced at Gareth, noticing his subtle effort to defend her. 
Gareth blinked, hinting at Elisa to continue with her explanation. 
Ever composed, Elisa turned her attention to the window, carefully choosing her words. 
Bella's expression soured as the reality of the situation set in. "So, they intended to deceive us from the start? I was just a pawn for them to get closer to the company, wasn't I? I feel so foolish." 
Regret overwhelmed Bella as she berated herself for not seeing through their deception. 
Elisa intervened with comforting words, "It's not your fault. No one could have predicted their true motives. People's intentions are often difficult to decipher." 
Overwhelmed by emotions, Bella questioned, "What should I do now?" 
Elisa assured her, "Act as if you don't know anything. Continue with the negotiations and finalize the contract. But pay close attention while reviewing the terms. Refrain from impulsive decisions or attempting to make amends. Remember, this is not your fault." 
Bella's cheeks flushed with gratitude. She couldn't hide anything from Elisa's insightful understanding. Nodding in agreement, she resolved to follow Elisa's guidance, though her mind remained preoccupied throughout the journey.
###chapter1831
Chapter 1833 Making Choices
Considering it was still early, Gareth instructed the driver to head to Bella's previous residence to help her with the move. The location wasn't remote or too old, but it was a rental community with varying residents and less robust security measures. 
Elisa and Bella worked together to pack clothes and personal belongings, while Gareth oversaw the movers as they packed larger items. 
As Elisa and Bella emerged from the bedroom, they found Gareth sitting on the sofa, his long legs crossed, looking every bit the boss as he directed the movers. "We don't need these, and that one can go too," he instructed. 
Bella stepped forward to stop him and said, "Gareth, these things can still be used; why are you getting rid of them?" 
"Don't keep any of these; we already have them at the manor. Just choose a few with sentimental value to take with you, and the same goes for your clothes," Gareth said nonchalantly, casting dismissive glances at items he deemed disposable. 
Bella had a different perspective. In the past, when she was living off generational wealth, she might not have cared about these things. But now that she had earned her own money, she didn't want to waste anything. She knew all these items were bought with her hard-earned salary, and she valued the effort and dedication that went into earning that money. 
Seemingly aware of her intention, Gareth stood up and lightly flicked her forehead. "Don't worry; Whatever you don't take, the movers will sell it for you." 
Bella finally felt reassured and turned to Elisa. It was evident that Gareth and Elisa were aligned on this matter. In the room earlier, Bella had wanted to take all her clothes, but Elisa had stopped her. 
As Elisa surveyed the room, she made a thoughtful decision for Bella. "Let's take about a third of these clothes," she suggested, considering both practicality and sentimental value. 
Bella contemplated arguing, but the intensity in Elisa's deep eyes left her speechless. It was as if Elisa was trying to peer into her soul and understand her on a deeper level. 
After a thoughtful pause, Elisa spoke again, her words carrying a weight of wisdom, "You need to learn to make choices." 
Bella wanted to defend her point of view, but the significance of Elisa's words sank in, and she found herself at a loss for words. 
In the end, they had required two trucks—one to transport Bella's carefully chosen items to the manor and the other to handle the goods for sale. The movers worked efficiently, loading and securing the belongings as Bella bid farewell to her past and embarked on a new chapter in her life. 
As they prepared to leave, Bella returned the key to the tenant, taking one last glance at the house that had been her home for so long in Bayswe, bidding it a solemn farewell and saying goodbye to her past. 
With everything packed, the three of them got into the car, followed by the moving truck, making their way towards the Wickam's Manor. Bella's emotions remained murky; farewells always carried a bittersweet tinge, especially for someone who cherished memories. 
Upon arriving at the manor, Elisa reminded Bella to compose herself so that Julia would not be worried. 
The aroma of the favorite dishes Julia had prepared filled the air as they entered the manor. When Julia saw them approaching, she waved them over, saying, "You've come at the right time. The dishes are almost ready. Let's eat and chat together." 
With a warm smile, Julia took Elisa's hand on her left and Bella's hand on her right, leading them to the dining table where they would enjoy the meal together. 
As for Gareth, even though he was left behind, he didn't mind at all. Watching the three most important women in his life was gratifying for him. He couldn't wipe the smile off his face. 
The four of them took their seats, and Bella had initially intended to sit next to Elisa.
###chapter1832
Chapter 1834 Moving Back In
Bella felt a tinge of regret as her cunning cousin had managed to outmaneuver her, leaving her reluctantly seated across from Elisa. 
Julia, observing the scene with amusement, couldn't help but chuckle. In her younger days, she had been strict about maintaining silence during meals. However, now that she was older and cherished the moments spent with her grandchildren, she didn't mind a bit of chatter and laughter at the table. 
Julia began asking Bella about her recent life, and Bella playfully responded, "I'm doing fine these days. I just hope I haven't caused trouble for my boss, Elisa." 
Julia then turned her attention to Elisa with a playful smile, saying, "And how about you, Elisa? Or should I say, Ms. Benett? Has Bella caused you any trouble?" 
Caught off guard by the sudden question, Elisa almost choked on her food. She quickly turned in the other direction and coughed to compose herself. 
Concerned, Julia immediately instructed the maid, Maria, to bring a glass of water. Maria hurriedly brought the water, and Gareth promptly put down his chopsticks, taking the towel to gently pat Elisa's back, showing his concern and care. 
Struggling to stop herself from coughing, Elisa said, "I'm fine... just choked... a little…" 
Gareth's expression remained stern, but there was also a touch of worry in his eyes. "Take your time with chewing, don't gobble down the food like a little kid." His words carried a mixture of reprimand and protectiveness. 
Elisa took a moment to compose herself, gently using a towel to dab at the corners of her mouth. As she met the concerned gazes of Julia and Bella, she shook her head reassuringly, saying, "I'm fine." 
Feeling apologetic, Julia said solemnly, "It's my fault for joking with you like that during the meal." 
Elisa waved her hand to reassure her. "It's okay, Grandma. I just ate too quickly." 
Relieved, Julia asked Gareth to serve more food to Elisa, who wanted to decline but didn't want to seem impolite, so she picked up the chopsticks again. 
Clearing his throat, Gareth changed the topic. "Elisa, why don't you tell Grandma how Bella is doing in your company?" 
Taking the cue, Elisa shared excitedly, "Grandma, you might not know yet, but Bella has been promoted to the head of the project department in my company." 
"Really? That's great!" Julia beamed with admiration at Bella's achievements. 
Graciously accepting the praise, Bella humbly explained that she hadn't mentioned it earlier because she was still in the probationary period. However, she realized that assuming she wouldn't pass the probation would have significantly affected her confidence. 
Pleased with the achievements of the younger generation, Julia smiled and enjoyed the dinner. After finishing the meal, the maid brought in some fruits. 
Suddenly, Julia inquired, "By the way, have you moved your things back?" 
Bella nodded, "Yes, they are right outside. They can start bringing them upstairs one by one. The only thing is, I don't know which room I'll be staying in." 
The maid, Maria, took over the conversation. "Miss, all the rooms are cleaned and ready. Why don't you all chat while I bring the workers upstairs?" 
Bella thanked Maria, and they continued their conversation. 
A pang of realization hit Elisa as she sensed that Julia had a hidden agenda when mentioning the topic of moving in all of a sudden. 
As expected, the corners of Julia's mouth lifted as she directed her next words toward Elisa, "Let me propose this idea: why don't you and Garry move in as well? The house can accommodate all of you. With more people, you can take care of each other. Besides, you and Bell can go to work together in the morning. What do you think?" Although Julia phrased it as seeking Elisa's opinion, it was apparent that she didn't expect her to refuse.
###chapter1833
Chapter 1835 Being Imposing
Given the complexity of her relationship with Gareth, Elisa wasn't sure about moving back in together. 
"I don't think it's the right time, Grandma. I wouldn't want to impose on you," she explained. 
Julia frowned disapprovingly and retorted, "Impose? Nonsense! Having you both here would make me so happy. I love our little family reunions." 
Elisa smiled politely but was internally worried about appeasing Julia's unwarranted enthusiasm. She realized that Julia might bring it up again if she didn't address this now. 
Noticing Elisa's dilemma, Bella jumped in playfully, saying, "Grandma, am I not enough entertainment for you? Did I do something to upset you?" 
Julia's attention shifted, and she affectionately tapped Bella's forehead. 
"Feeling jealous, you little monkey? Grandma loves having you and Liz here, and it's so much fun when you're both here. There's no conflict, sweetie. Grandma treats you both fairly," she said with a chuckle, patting Bella's hand. 
Bella looked at Elisa, silently conveying her helplessness. Elisa didn't know what to do, but Gareth, who had been quiet until then, spoke up suddenly. 
"Grandma, Liz has a point about not wanting to impose on you." 
Julia frowned, "Impose? Oh, that'll never be the case!" 
Gareth put the newspaper aside and explained, "You see. The way things roll for our generation is a tad different now. We're not quite in the same groove as you guys were back in the day. We need a little breathing room to work on our relationship. Swinging back here might actually put a brake on our momentum." 
Elisa blushed, feeling embarrassed by his directness. What did he mean by 'work on our relationship'? They weren't even in a proper relationship, were they? 
Elisa discreetly tried to pinch Gareth's waist, but he was so lean and toned that there was nothing to pinch. 
Unfazed, Gareth carried on, "Don't you think, Grandma, that it might be a bit imposing?" 
Being perceptive and shrewd, Julia caught Gareth's drift and burst out a knowing laugh, "Ah, I see. I'm the one imposing on you both! Alright, alright…" 
Elisa shot Gareth a look that said, 'Seriously? Shut up already!' 
After a bit more conversation, Julia suddenly decided it was time for them to leave. "It's late now. You two should head back." 
Her change in tone contradicted her previous sentiments. Still, Elisa didn't think twice and swiftly took Gareth's hand to make their exit. 
From behind, Julia sighed contentedly, "Ah, to be young and in love. They get along so well, don't they?" 
Bella, hiding nearby, couldn't hold back her laughter and covered her mouth. 
Inside the car, outside Wickam Manor. 
With the driver gone, they were alone in the car, relying on themselves to get home. 
Gareth occupied the driver's seat and turned towards Elisa. 
"You're not upset with me, right? I had to say that, or Grandma wouldn't have let us leave," he explained. 
Elisa remained silent, glaring at Gareth with even more intensity. 
"Can you please stop making decisions without consulting me in the future? All the gossip and rumors about us are because of your actions! Urgh!" 
She turned her head away, no longer interested in looking at him. 
Unbeknownst to her, Gareth's eyes sparkled with mischief, revealing that it was all a deliberate move. 
###chapter1834
Chapter 1836 A Trap
Elisa realized Gareth had framed her, but she didn't want to embarrass him in front of others. She let it slide for now, but she swore he would regret it if he tried it again! 
The following day at work, she felt a bit down. 
When Bella came over and handed over the contract, there was a smirk at the corner of her mouth. 
Elisa knew Bella had gotten the wrong idea. Still, she had no energy to correct her and let it be. 
Once the contract was signed, Elisa offered, "Do you want me to go with you? This time feels different; the other party seems well-prepared. I'm concerned about your safety." 
Bella picked up the contract with a grin. 
"We're in a country that operates by rules and regulations. They can't just whisk me away. Believe me, if they're geared up, so am I. I know the drill. Oh, by the way, those dark circles make you look like a panda." 
"With you in this state, I might have to clone myself to care for you if things go south." 
Elisa jokingly scolded, "You little prankster!" 
Bella smiled and got ready to head out. 
Elisa's tone turned serious, reminding Bella to stay alert and summoning her bodyguards to ensure her safety. 
Bella nodded solemnly, "I'll be back in one piece. Don't worry." 
Elisa waved cheerfully in her direction. She couldn't help but notice that Bella had been unusually bright and mischievous lately. 
Stepping out of the president's office, Bella let out a sigh. 
Just earlier, she had deliberately donned an air of indifference and confidence to shield Elisa from worry. 
Even if Elisa were prepared and upbeat today, Bella wouldn't let her be part of this. This meeting was a wildcard, and Bella wouldn't expose Elisa to any risks. 
As for herself... 
Around four o'clock in the afternoon, Bella drove to the agreed-upon location, accompanied by the trio of sturdy bodyguards provided by Elisa. 
An hour earlier, Bella had received the location and timing from the other party. The place itself sent a twinge of unease through her; she felt something terrible might go down. 
The location was a resort on the outskirts, quite a trek from the city center. The other party's explanation was that the boss was unwinding here. Evidently, this big shot knew how to revel in luxury and leisure. 
It took Bella a little over two hours to reach the resort. When she finally pulled in, it was ten past six in
the evening, leaving just twenty minutes until the scheduled meetup at six thirty. 
Upon her arrival, a waiter approached her with a friendly greeting. "Are you Ms. Wickam? Please follow me." 
Bella trailed the waiter's lead, flanked by the trio of burly bodyguards, and stepped into a secluded chamber. 
However, the other party hadn't shown up yet. 
Deciding it would be inhospitable and give off a hostile vibe to have her entourage join her, Bella had the three bodyguards wait outside the private room. It seemed more diplomatic and tactful to proceed solo. 
Taking in the ambiance of the chamber, Bella deduced that it was the big boss's personal space adorned with classical decor and valuable antiques. 
A display cabinet caught her attention, housing jade bracelets, including a glass similar to Elisa's taste. Bella reached for her phone to snap a picture and send it to her friend. Surprisingly, her phone had no signal. 
Bella was surprised by this unexpected realization. Before she could dwell on it, someone stepped into the chamber. 
Bella turned to face the newcomer, and their eyes met. Startled by the recognition, she stumbled slightly in her high heels.
It was him! 
###chapter1835
Chapter 1837 Reunion with an Old Acquaintance
Bella's heart sank, her expression instantly crumbling. She had run through countless scenarios, but the thought of the puppeteer behind Valor Corporation being him had never crossed her mind! 
"Long time no see, Bella." The man, donning sunglasses and smirking, opened his arms as if expecting a hug. 
It turned out that it was her despicable ex-fiancé, Luke Connor! 
Bella stood her ground, fixating on him with intensity. "How on earth did you get out of jail?" 
Luke took off his sunglasses, feigning a regretful look. "After all this time, I thought you'd be excited to see me. Instead, our reunion is off to a rather aggressively inquisitive start. Ouch!" 
He advanced as he spoke. 
Bella watched him cautiously, involuntarily stepping backward until her back pressed against the wall. With no more room to retreat, she was trapped. Her mind raced as she tried to make sense of the situation. 
How did Luke escape from jail? Was he the only one who got out? 
So, why and how did he end up here? 
Bella couldn't possibly be naive enough to believe that after sending Luke to prison, he'd go to such lengths to catch up or discuss cooperation with her. He wasn't the type to repay evil with kindness. 
Luke raised his hand, letting his fingers run through Bella's hair, from her scalp to the tips, collecting a handful and taking a whiff at his nose. 
"Bella, you still smell as amazing as ever." 
Suppressing the urge to gag, Bella attempted to keep the situation under control. "Let's not waste time and get down to business." 
Though she was fully aware that Luke's motives for being there weren't likely about business, Bella figured that if she played dumb, maybe she could prevent things from escalating into hostility right then and there. 
Luke paused momentarily as if delaying the inevitable confrontation just for a momentary thrill. His eyes were all wink-and-nudge as he retreated, creating some breathing space. 
Bella felt a mixture of relief and tension, maintaining her poker face. 
"Yeah, I invited you here today to discuss joining forces between our company. Come, take a seat." 
Luke's tone was oddly polite as he even played the gentleman by pulling out a chair. 
Suppressing her unease, Bella settled into the seat. 
Luke took his place beside her, fixing his gaze on her with an almost predatory intensity. 
Bella's unease sky-rocketed, and she couldn't help but ask, "Aren't they serving the food yet?" 
Though she was attempting to keep her calm, her mind was racing, trying to concoct a plan to discreetly snag her phone and send an SOS message. 
Luke grinned and snapped his fingers, signaling the waiters to enter one by one. 
"Check it out; I've got your favorite dishes lined up. Thought it might put a smile on your face," Luke quipped as if trying to charm her. 
Bella mustered a strained smile and thanked him. 
She glanced at the entrance and confirmed her suspicion: the three bodyguards had vanished. 
Her heart sank like a boulder. 
Luke was unfazed by her unease; instead, he took the lead in serving her food with almost exaggerated attention to detail. 
Bella's expression clouded over like a storm brewing on the horizon. 
There was no way Bella would touch any of the food in front of her. 
As she contemplated her next move, a waiter slipped at the entrance, accidentally knocking over a teriyaki beef plate. 
Luke shot up, irritated as he scolded the waiter, "What's the matter with you? Are all the waiters here on the same level of incompetence?!" 
Bella furrowed her brows, watching the waiter's face turn redder than the hot sauce. Initially, she planned to defuse the situation, but then an idea struck her. 
Her hand discreetly reached into her bag behind her and tapped three times. 
An SOS message for emergencies was swiftly sent out. 
###chapter1836
Chapter 1838 The Ex-Fiancé’s Remorse
Feeling her phone vibrate, Bella's tense heart finally eased. She had designated Elisa as her emergency contact when they had gone phone shopping together, a decision that was proving invaluable now. Bella couldn't help but feel gratitude for Elisa's foresight. 
With the SOS message sent, Luke swiftly handled the waiter incident, promptly dismissing the unfortunate staff member. 
However, Bella wasn't concerned with the waiter's fate. Her mind was entirely occupied with devising a way to communicate with Elisa without arousing Luke's suspicion. 
In the meantime, Luke continued to serve the food, and his gaze was locked onto Bella's untouched plate. His expression held neither warmth nor anger, making it difficult to gauge his genuine emotions. He simply inquired, "Why aren't you eating? Doesn't suit your taste?" 
Bella shook her head. "Not hungry right now." 
Luke smiled, his tone light, "How can you not be hungry? You only had fried noodles for lunch, and you've been running on empty since leaving the office." 
Bella pounded the table, shot to her feet, and glared down at Luke, demanding, "How dare you spy on me?!" 
Luke wiped his hands and adopted a composed demeanor as if he were a refined young gentleman rather than the destitute figure she'd once known. He slowly rose to his feet, casting a shadow that loomed over Bella. 
"Spying is a strong word. Let's just say I've been quite curious about your recent activities." 
His words struck a nerve, causing a series of unrelated events to fall into place like puzzle pieces, leading to a sudden understanding. 
"So, you're the one who arranged that rented house. And those monthly flower deliveries were your doing too?" 
Luke grinned, neither confirming nor denying her accusations. 
Bella's chest rose and fell with intensity, yet she knew taking on Luke at this moment was a losing battle. She was acutely aware that letting her anger loose now would only come back to haunt her. 
So, she sat back down. 
As if finding a middle ground, Bella picked up her fork and spoon, focusing solely on the dishes Luke had just eaten from—a preemptive move to dodge any potential drugging. 
Noticing this, Luke settled back in his chair, a grin of satisfaction quirking his lips. 
"Smooth escape, huh? Just you?" Bella nonchalantly inquired with a glint of curiosity in her eyes. 
Luke didn't dodge the truth but brushed it with a light touch, "You've got your bag of tricks, and I've got my own methods to scale walls. But yeah, I made it out alone." 
He reached across, capturing Bella's hand, brushing off her slight resistance, and placed it over his heart. "Prison time is a reflective period. I know I screwed up. Looking back on our moments, I see my
blindness and foolishness. I let go of someone incredible like you for the sake of a nobody." 
Suppressing her repulsion, Bella maintained a composed facade. She'd heard these lines one too many times. But in the end, didn't he betray her and run off with her supposed best friend? 
Bella's brows furrowed, and she pulled her hand away. "Enough of that—let's shift to discussing our collaboration." 
Luke's demeanor shifted momentarily, a hint of unspoken thoughts in his eyes before a ringing phone cut off his words. 
Bella swiveled around, retrieving her phone from her bag—it was Elisa calling. 
Offering an apologetic glance, she headed toward the door. Yet, outside, Luke's security detail formed an unyielding barrier, obstructing her way. 
With a sigh of frustration, Bella retraced her steps into the chamber again. She made her way to the window and answered the call. 
Luke stood and approached, mouthing silently, "Turn on the speaker." 
Bella shot him an irritated look before answering the call. 
"Hey, Liz. Your timing is perfect. I was just about to ask you for a favor." 
###chapter1837
Chapter 1839 Taking Matter into Her Own Hands
Elisa barely had a chance to chime in before Bella launched into a rapid-fire explanation. Elisa's intuition kicked in—something was definitely off. Maybe that emergency alert had been right all along; it wasn't a mistake—it was real! 
Right then, Luke swiped Bella's phone and switched to speaker mode. 
Elisa's voice resonated, calm and collected. "Alright, lay it on me." 
Bella understood that Elisa must have deduced her situation. Relief surged through her, marking this as a small triumph. 
She quickly conveyed, "The latest contract with Magnus Lane? It's fraught with issues. Could you reevaluate it and expedite the submission?" 
On the other end, Elisa furrowed. Magnus Lane? No one by that name was associated with the company. In a heartbeat, she understood that Bella was probably in danger. 
Drawing a composed breath, Elisa steadied her tone, cautious not to raise any red flags. "No problem. I'll take care of it." 
Tears of happiness shimmered in Bella's eyes, but she swiftly concealed them as Luke locked eyes with her. 
Just as she was about to wrap up the conversation, Elisa interjected, "Oh, by the way, weren't you supposed to be knee-deep in cooperation discussions today? How's that going? When do you think it'll wrap up? Need a ride home?" 
Bella's gaze flicked to Luke at her side; he was looking at her too. 
Before she could respond, Luke swiftly seized the phone and ended the call. 
Then, his fingers danced across the screen, composing and firing off a message. 
Bella: 'Hey, Elisa. Apologies. Something came up. I had to cut the call.' 
Before Bella could react, Luke propelled her phone out the window, shattering it. 
Elisa received the text on the other end, and a sinking realization hit her—Bella's phone was compromised. Bella never addressed her as Elisa; it was always Liz. 
Fully comprehending the gravity of the situation, Elisa instructed her team to trace the contract signing location, then dialed Gareth's number. 
At that precise moment, Gareth was likely grounded in a meeting. 
Anxiety started to take hold; Elisa decided to head straight to Gareth's office. Coincidentally, she ran into Thomas, who had just wrapped up his work. 
Noticing Elisa's hurried demeanor, Thomas quirked an eyebrow and asked, "Everything okay, Ms. Benett?" 
Elisa didn't elaborate, simply instructing him, "Take me to Gareth." 
With Thomas leading the way, Elisa encountered no hindrances, arriving at the conference room's door. 
"Ms. Benett, perhaps you should wait in the office. The meeting is nearly done," Thomas suggested. 
Before Thomas could finish, Elisa marched right into the conference room, with Thomas following hastily. 
All eyes—over fifty pairs—turned their eyes to the culprit. 
Apologizing to Gareth, Thomas interjected, "I'm sorry, Mr. Wickam. I couldn't prevent her." 
Fortunately, Gareth's initially stern expression softened as he caught sight of Elisa, returning to his usual demeanor. He waved his hand, signaling for Thomas to make his exit. 
Thomas visibly released a breath of relief and promptly left the conference room. 
Gareth subtly gestured, halting the meeting's progress as he approached Elisa. 
Once outside the conference room, a flurry of speculation buzzed among those remaining about Elisa's unexpected visit. 
"Who could make Mr. Wickam, the workaholic, stop working?" 
"Is she the missus?" 
"Missus? Oh, you must be new here. She's the boss's ex-wife, someone Mr. Wickam cares a lot
about." 
The employee's realization was palpable. 
Outside the room, Gareth's expression showed no trace of irritation from the interruption. He simply asked, "What's going on?"
###chapter1838
Chapter 1840 I Forgive You
Elisa knew she'd crossed a line and began with an apology. 
"My bad for the intrusion, but it's urgent. Bella's in danger while she's hashing out cooperation. I need your help—can we get the cops to trace Bella's phone location..." 
Around five minutes later, the conference room's door swung open again, revealing Thomas with an apologetic expression. 
He told the directors, "I apologize, everyone, but Mr. Wickam has an important matter to attend to." 
Meanwhile, after leaving the company, Elisa and Gareth divided into teams. One team headed to Bella's location, delving into Valor Corporation's history and legal representatives. At the same time, the other group went to the police station to request Bella's phone location. 
Gareth sent a location after fifteen minutes. 
Twenty minutes later, both teams were en route to the resort simultaneously. 
Gareth made a call, his expression severe. "Any leads on the mastermind?" 
Elisa had a Bluetooth earpiece and looked equally serious. "Luke Connor." 
Their information aligned. 
Elisa clenched her teeth and revealed, "The Connors greased palms up high, securing sentence reductions for Luke. He walked early. That woman is still in custody. No idea what Luke's up to this
time." 
Gareth hesitated. "Chances are high. He's targeting Bella." 
"I've asked Bella before, and they hadn't crossed that intimate line before their engagement. But still, I'm worried..." Elisa didn't say it outright, but they both understood the unspoken concern. 
The air grew heavy. 
Elisa pressed harder on the gas pedal, almost wishing she could teleport. 
Meanwhile, Luke and Bella had wrapped up their meal, the clock inching towards eight in the evening. 
To buy more time, Bella suggested they stroll around the resort. 
Luke agreed, and they drifted without a clear direction. 
Luke kept reminiscing about their shared past, while Bella's responses maintained a detached and chilly tone. Yet, her gaze remained alert, scanning the environment for any opportunity to send a distress signal or to remember an escape route. 
Unfortunately, Luke's watchful eye never wavered, and a handful of bodyguards trailed behind them. Bella's chance of escape was slim at best. 
Her heart sank, and a sense of powerlessness overwhelmed her. 
Luke led Bella to the luxurious presidential suite on the top floor. 
Though hesitant, she had no choice but to follow him in. 
The room was clearly given a makeover, exuding a subtly romantic vibe. 
The air was adorned with the flicker of red candles, and the king-sized bed was decorated with balloons and flower petals. A bottle of wine awaited on the table outside. 
Luke motioned for the bodyguards to depart with a wave of his hand. 
He then uncorked the wine, filling two glasses. Taking one, he offered the other to Bella. With a watchful eye on Luke, Bella cautiously accepted the glass, mindful not to provoke him. 
Yet, she refrained from taking a sip. Holding a wine glass, Luke began reminiscing as candlelight danced, downing his drink swiftly. 
"Remember when we first ran into each other? You were this powerful and pure force to be reckoned with... Look, I know I messed up, Bella. Can you give me another chance to make things right?" 
Bella managed this half-smile, trying to keep Luke cool, "Fine, I forgive you." 
Luke smiled, but there was some extra meaning she couldn't quite catch. 
"Great, then let's raise our glasses to that. Here's to a fresh start with this wine." 
###chapter1839
Chapter 1841 Before the Storm
Bella's instincts were blaring sirens that something was off about the wine. She glanced at Luke and shook her head. "Nah, I'll take a pass. Got to keep my head clear to go home later." 
"Going home?" Luke's smile contorted like he'd just heard the funniest joke and couldn't stop laughing. 
Bella was caught off guard by his weird reaction. She quickly dipped into her bag, grabbed the pepper spray, and locked eyes with Luke, watching for sudden moves. 
Before she could blink, Luke held a wine glass in one hand and clasped Bella's chin with a tight grip in the other. 
He squeezed, and it stung like crazy. Bella pressed her hands to her chest, pushing back, and then struggled as if her life depended on it. 
Luke was unrelenting, his hold on Bella's head unyielding, as if he was about to force that red wine into her mouth. 
Bella realized she was cornered, so she quickly knocked the wine glass to the floor. 
The glass crashed down, shattering into pieces. 
Some shards even nicked Luke. 
But he didn't seem fazed by the pain; his eyes locked onto Bella with a sinister stare. 
"I gotta go!" 
Bella sensed something was seriously wrong and bolted toward the exit. 
Yet, when she grabbed the doorknob, she discovered the door had been locked outside. 
Muttering a curse, Bella turned back cautiously, masking her fear from Luke's vigilant gaze. 
She tried to say something to soothe the situation, but it was futile. 
Luke stared at her like a poised predator, ready to strike down his prey. 
But Bella wasn't about to wait for him to make a move. 
Her hand sneaked into her bag and clutched the pepper spray with determination. 
When Luke lunged at her, Bella whipped out the pepper spray and gave him a strong dose. 
"Go to hell!" 
Luke's cries of pain filled the room as he shielded his eyes. 
Reacting swiftly, Bella dashed into the bathroom and quickly secured the door. 
At that moment, all she wished for was a phone to call the police or find a way to contact Elisa. 
At this critical juncture, her only option was to trust Elisa's instincts. 
Her last resort was to pray with all her heart that her determination wouldn't waver. 
Meanwhile, Elisa had already made it to the resort and teamed up with Gareth. 
They arrived in SUVs, each loaded with four robust and capable men. 
As it happened, those four men were police officers. 
Together, the group of ten advanced toward the front desk, exuding an intimidating presence that left the receptionist visibly rattled. 
Elisa stepped up, soothing the receptionist, and gestured towards the police officers with Gareth, asking, "Hey, do you happen to have a room under the name Luke Connor? Could you check that out for us?" 
The police officers flashed their badges to the receptionist, who quickly retrieved the room number and passed it on. 
With Elisa at the helm, the group moved confidently into the elevator, the energy palpable. 
By now, Luke had cooled down, though his eyes remained bloodshot, giving him an even more menacing look. 
He rubbed his eyes, shook his head, and his fury was apparent this time. 
Luke surveyed the room, picked up a chair, and proceeded toward the bathroom. 
Bella caught the sound of the chair scraping and glimpsed a figure outside the bathroom door. 
Her heart raced, feeling as though it might burst from her chest any second. 
'Thud, thud, thud...' 
Bella's ears were filled with nothing but the faint rhythm of her own heartbeat. 
Outside, there was still no movement—just the eerie calm preceding the storm. 
###chapter1840
Chapter 1842 Starting Over
"Bella, open the door," Luke's voice echoed through the door. There wasn't a hint of anger; he seemed oddly composed. 
But Bella could read him like a book, and it sent chills down her spine. 
Feeling cornered, Bella clamped her hand over her mouth to stifle any sound, attempting to suppress her fear. 
"Last chance, open the door!" Luke's patience was wearing thin. 
As he finished speaking, Luke grabbed a chair and slammed it against the bathroom door. 
Bella couldn't help but release a scream. 
"F*cking open the door!" 
Luke's voice grew more manic, his movements quicker. 
Each impact felt like a blow to Bella's heart. 
She scrambled, searching for anything to use for defense, but there was nothing. 
To make matters worse, cracks began forming in the bathroom door's glass. 
The fractures slowly spread across the glass surface. 
Bella's heart clenched. 
"Unlock the door, now!" Luke's final furious shout reverberated, followed by glass shattering as his fist burst through, a muscular arm extending to unlock the door. 
Luke's shadow loomed in the doorway. 
Bella's heart sank with the door swinging open, her eyes the with terror. 
Silhouetted against the light, his face remained obscured, but the rage emanating from him was palpable. 
Luke entered without a word. His grip on Bella was tight as he carried her. 
He could feel her trembling against him. 
A cruel grin spread across his face as he tossed Bella onto the bed. 
Dizziness swept over her, the sensation of the soft mattress beneath her back. 
With caution, she sat up, her gaze fixed on Luke. 
"Luke, don't push your luck." 
"Who's pushing luck, you said?" Luke scoffed, unbuttoning his shirt deliberately. 
His movements were deliberate, akin to a predator studying its prey. 
"Bella, we've been engaged for ages. The closest we've come is holding hands, which is why I was tempted by that b*tch. You are partly to blame for this too! If you hadn't neglected me, things wouldn't be messed up like this!" 
Luke's voice was heavy with emotion, his face a mosaic of grievances. 
Bella might've erupted in laughter if it weren't for the awkward situation. 
The good old victim-blaming strategy. 
He succumbed to his own lust and dared to point the finger at her? How absurd! 
Despite these thoughts, Bella worked to maintain her calm facade, attempting to placate Luke's feelings. "Let's not get worked up. If we're going to make a fresh start, you have to give me time to adjust, don't you think?" 
Luke appeared to be swayed and momentarily halted his actions. 
With a relieved breath, Bella persisted, "I've forgiven the past, but I need time to adjust. Let's take it slow... alright?" 
"No chance, not okay." Luke's sneer was palpable, and Bella sensed the strong undercurrent of mockery in his eyes. 
He moved faster, shedding his clothes in deft motions, leaving him in his underwear. 
Bella didn't avert her gaze, nor did she meet his eyes. 
Looking would cause unease while avoiding his gaze might leave her vulnerable to a sudden pounce. 
Luke maintained his eerie calm, "Relax, Bella. Your first time will be gentle, and I promise you'll enjoy it." 
With that, he lunged toward her. 
Bella's scream echoed as she hurried to escape the bed. Unfortunately, her foot got caught, and she was pulled back under him. 
"Let go of me!" 
###chapter1841
Chapter 1843 Farewell
Bella fought back with all her might, utilizing every available means to fend off Luke. She even managed to tear off a chunk of his flesh with her teeth. 
Punches and kicks acted as her barrier, keeping Luke at a distance. 
The pain must've been intense for Luke, as he responded by slapping Bella across the face, causing her ears to ring. 
Afterward, he used a tie to bind her hands once Bella's initial turmoil had subsided. 
Yet, she continued her resistance, pushing against him. 
Yet, it was as if a whisper aimed to move a hurricane. The gulf in strength was too vast. 
A tear welled up and traced a path down Bella's cheek, her eyes clenched shut. 
She comforted herself, drawing a parallel between today's ordeal and a minor dog nip. 
Just as Luke was about to remove Bella's pants, the door was forcefully kicked open. 
A familiar voice, infused with unwavering determination, reached Bella's ears. 
"Only the policewoman can enter, nobody else." 
Bella promptly recognized Elisa's voice, relief sweeping over her. The sense of security allowed her to unwind. 
She recognized that Elisa had come to the rescue. 
Her salvation was here. 
The force of Luke pinning her down abruptly broke as a powerful blow sent him flying. 
Elisa discarded her coat, ensuring Bella's decency was preserved, then signaled Gareth. 
Quickly, Gareth and his team barged into the room. 
The police swiftly apprehended Luke. 
At that instant, a barrage of curses erupted from him toward Elisa. 
After all, Elisa had foiled his prior wedding as well. 
He couldn't wrap his head around her vendetta. Why was she so relentless in targeting him? 
"F*ck! What's your problem? Hell-bent on opposing me? It was your last time, and it's still you now. You b*tch, you're headed for a miserable marriage, your husband doesn't give a d*mn about you, you deserve... Ah—!" 
Just before Luke could finish, Gareth's kick landed squarely in his stomach. 
In a split second, Luke coughed up a mouthful of blood, incapacitating his ability to finish his words. 
Elisa held Bella closely, lending comfort, "It's okay... It's all over... I'm right here." 
"Thanks, Liz." 
This time, Bella didn't cry. Instead, she held onto Elisa tightly for reassurance. 
The gratitude was heartfelt; Bella felt indebted to Elisa in many ways. 
Time and again, Elisa rescued her from peril and despair. 
Elisa patted her back reassuringly. 
After the police brought the situation under control, they departed. 
This was a decision made by both the chief and Gareth. 
Luke was to be dealt with personally. 
Once he received treatment, they would transfer him to the police station for legal proceedings. 
As a result, a compact team accompanied Luke on the journey back to Bayswe. 
Upon reaching Bayswe, Gareth entrusted Luke to his subordinates, individuals well-versed in the nuances of 'managing special guests.' 
Rumor had it that the torment severely impacted Luke's mental state. 
As a result, he was taken to the police station, where his existing charges and prior parole breach resulted in an aggregate sentence of twenty years. 
The idea of Luke dodging another brutal prison term felt utterly implausible. 
Bella got wind of these details from Elisa later on. 
Elisa also inquired whether Bella wanted to meet Luke and say her final goodbyes. 
Bella responded, "We already bid farewells a while ago, even if it wasn't the most dignified parting. He's the one who kept harassing me. That chapter of our lives ended quite a while back." 
Observing Bella's reaction, Elisa chose not to delve further. 
Since the day at the hotel, Luke had vanished from Bella's life. 
Life carried on, and everything gradually settled into its familiar rhythm. 
###chapter1842
Chapter 1844 Rumors and Gossip
Now that the dust had settled from the whole dramatic incident, Rochelle definitely took the biggest hit from the news, no doubt about it. 
She was struggling to come to terms with how everything played out. 
As Rochelle delved into the matter, she discovered that Luke had been the one to contact her before things escalated. 
As for Bella's kidnapping, Paul eventually filled her in about the whole story, but not until much later. 
In hindsight, Luke had likely intended to rope Rochelle to his side, and Elisa had likely been the ultimate target. 
To Luke, involving Bella was just a pawn in the game, with Elisa as the ultimate prize. 
However, the entire plan fell through. Every time this messed-up operation crossed her mind, a surge of anger would rise within Rochelle. 
But then, seemingly out of nowhere, a brilliant idea struck her like lightning. 
Perhaps she should ride the wave, strategize around it, and leverage it to her advantage, flipping the odds in her favor. 
With that thought, Bella prepared a delightful spread of dishes to welcome Paul when he dropped by for the second time. 
She cautiously brought up the subject during their meal, carefully watching Paul's reactions. 
"Never mind Elisa kicking me out; I can handle that here. But what irks me is how she belittles me to get at you. And on top of that, she's playing political games, trying to outmaneuver you, right?" 
Rochelle put forth her idea carefully, reading Paul's expressions. 
Noticing his initial annoyance, she pressed on, "Here's my thought: Elisa Benett might be a tough opponent for now, but that doesn't mean we can't outmaneuver her through a different route, right?" 
"Take Bella, for example. Who can say what that guy had put her through during her kidnapping? Who knows if he messed with her mind, scarred her soul, or even physically offended her? It's no news that people get swayed by rumors; they'll believe any story, no matter its authenticity. We can start by throwing around some bogus stories about Bella, aiming to sully her reputation and even hinting at the possibility of a traumatic incident during her kidnapping; it could seriously mess with her mind and emotions. Who knows, she might choose to walk away from her position. If Bella isn't there to back up Elisa, let's see how long she can keep up that high-and-mighty act!" 
With her words hanging in the air, a sense of unease crept in as she turned to Paul, awaiting his response. 
Rochelle wasn't sure if Paul would be on board with her plan. 
An uneasy silence hung in the air, broken by Paul's suggestive smile. 
His hand slid over Rochelle's back, creating an ambiguous atmosphere. 
"You're quite the sneaky one, Rory, my playful accomplice," he teased, tapping Rochelle's nose. 
From his reaction, Rochelle gathered that Paul was on board with her idea, and she felt content. 
Things then took a steamy turn between the two of them. 
Later that night, Paul had arranged for someone to put the plan in motion. 
And so, under the shroud of night, rumors and gossip spread like wildfire. 
When Bella entered the office the following day, she was greeted with... well, not a friendly reception – more like a flood of curious and somewhat uneasy glances from her colleagues. 
Some were grinning, some seemed smug, and others were outright mocking. 
Those in her department, with more discreet reactions than their counterparts from other departments, lowered their heads, avoiding curious glances. 
Their peculiar responses left Bella puzzled, and at that moment, she overheard a conversation between two colleagues in the pantry. 
"Hey, you know? The head of the project department got kidnapped by some guy, and Ms. Benett stepped in to rescue her." 
"Seriously? That's risky business!" 
"Yeah, I heard the same thing. The kidnapper was her ex-fiancé. They were discovered together, all alone, and looking quite disheveled... Honestly, it's hard not to think there's more to this. Ms. Benett is defending her reputation. But my take is that she's making a big effort to paint herself as the rescuer and the one with the high moral ground here by spinning the story to save Ms. Wickam's reputation." 
That's when it all clicked for Bella – she finally understood why she'd been getting those odd and downright crazy looks since morning. 
While Bella could handle them backstabbing her, she drew the line at Elisa. 
And so, she strolled into the pantry. 
The second the two of them laid eyes on her, panic set in, and they unconsciously made a dash to escape the situation.
###chapter1843
Chapter 1845 Calculated Scheme
Bella extended her arm, blocking the duo's path, and cast them a sidelong glance. 
"Talking thrash behind someone's back is easy, huh? Talking big when no one's looking, but when confronted, you flee? How spineless," she jeered with an icy edge. 
The two quivered, realizing their mistake, and dared not contest. 
Instead, they kept bowing and offering apologies. 
One of them slapped her cheek as she spoke, "Ms. Wickam, I'm sorry, I was out of line. I won't repeat it, I promise." 
Bella's gaze remained firm, without a hint of compassion. 
"Our company doesn't need employees who can't keep a lid on things and stir up trouble, especially those who spread gossip about the management and sowing chaos in the office. Now, head to the finance department, sort out your salary, and get lost!" 
Both of them pleaded, but the one who had been so eager to trash-talk just a moment ago stood there dumbfounded. 
Who would've thought her loose lips would cost her the job? 
Bella didn't linger. She left the two in shock and walked away. 
Within an hour, the incident had made its rounds throughout the company. 
Everyone was discussing it. 
"Is she just trying to wield power and shut everyone up?" 
"Seriously, enough! Aren't you afraid of losing your job?" 
"But... What if Ms. Wickam was set up? We didn't see anything firsthand. You know how damaging false accusations can be, especially for women." 
The conversation tapered off as one of the colleagues chimed in. Bella's no-nonsense handling had more or less ended the office gossip. 
When the rumors came to Elisa's attention, they had, for the most part, died down. 
However, Paul wasn't content. 
Furious, he stormed into Elisa's office, demanding an explanation for her conduct. 
Elisa appeared slightly amused but wasn't about to let Paul challenge her so boldly. 
A faint smile lingered on her lips. 
"Mr. Grayson, haven't you outgrown the need for tutorials? Or should I schedule a 'knocking 101' session for you?" 
Paul was momentarily taken aback, then understanding dawned, and his anger flared. 
Slamming his hand on the table, he pointed angrily at Elisa, his voice thick with irritation, "This is absurd! I don't need a b*tch like you to school me on conduct! Tell me, was this all part of your calculated scheme?" 
Elisa's silence spoke volumes, her puzzled blink indicating her lack of awareness. 
Paul's tone was disdainful as he told her, "In case you missed it, Ms. Wickam fired two interns today." 
Elisa's reply was casual, her words touched with irony, "Am I your go-to for intern updates now, Mr. Grayson? Is this what keeps you occupied these days?" 
Paul exhaled slowly. Suppressing his rising temper, he battled to keep his cool before saying, "It's the hot topic across the company if you're wondering. What's intriguing is that one of those interns is my niece. It makes you wonder if there's a personal grudge behind it all." 
Elisa found his remark amusing, a subtle smile playing on her lips. "Mr. Grayson, as far as I know, we have no bad blood. And I'm unaware of any issues you might have with Ms. Wickam." 
Paul felt a lump in his throat. 
He couldn't admit that he held a personal grudge against Bella and her, often scheming to push both out, fueling the underlying resentment. 
As Paul struggled to find words, Elisa's composed tone persisted, "Given that Mr. Grayson seems to be at a loss for words, I'd suggest you leave my office. Gossiping about superiors isn't appropriate behavior for subordinates. The company doesn't require employees who engage in baseless chatter.
These are your own words, if I recall. And oh, please remember to knock before entering next time." 
Throughout the exchange, Elisa maintained her politeness, a demeanor that seemed to stoke Paul's anger even more.
###chapter1844
Chapter 1846 Wedding Anniversary
Unfortunately, Paul found himself at a loss when it came to Elisa. He couldn't pinpoint any faults with Bella either. 
Frustration mounted, leading him to storm out of the room, his exit punctuated by a forceful door slam that resonated through the space. 
Amused by the display, Elisa couldn't help but find the situation rather entertaining. She didn't see fit to bring up the matter with Bella afterward; there was no need. 
Deliberate or not, Elisa was confident that her decision was sound. Bella had the authority to make such choices, after all. 
Consequently, the office rumors flourished for a mere half-day before being altogether extinguished. Elisa's unwavering resolve had swiftly put an end to the speculation. 
Upon discovering this turn of events, Rochelle seethed with a fury bordering on explosives. Yet, her efforts had come to naught. All she could do was clench her teeth and mutter, "Someday, I'll bring Elisa and Bella to their knees, drowning them in shame and remorse, incapable of holding their heads high ever again." 
Regarding Rochelle's plans, Elisa remained blissfully unaware and uninterested in becoming entangled. It simply didn't affect her in any way. Had Paul orchestrated these plans, Elisa might have approached the situation more cautiously, considering their history. 
However, that chapter was closed now. Moving forward, Elisa planned to gradually erode Paul's
influence over time, a process she knew would happen in due time. 
Elisa was lost in her thoughts. Meanwhile, her phone suddenly rang. It was Gareth calling. She picked up, and before she could utter a word, Gareth's voice came through, "Do you happen to have some free time later tonight?" 
Elisa took a moment to consider before responding, "Yeah, I've got some time." 
A hint of relief tinged Gareth's voice as he continued, "Perfect. Could you please make it home a bit earlier today?" 
Rather than immediately agreeing, Elisa inquired, "Is there a specific reason or something important?" 
Gareth paused, his tone a blend of sincerity and hesitancy, "Well, it's not exactly a life-or-death situation, but having you there would mean a lot." 
Elisa understood that for Gareth, it held significance. Yet, she also acknowledged that its importance might not be equally weighted for her. 
After briefly contemplating, she acquiesced, "Alright then, I'll make it home early." 
Gareth's usually chilly demeanor thawed into a rare smile akin to the winter sun melting perpetual ice and snow. 
"Then I'll look forward to your return," he responded. 
"Absolutely," Elisa confirmed. 
And with that, the call ended. Elisa rubbed her temples, refocusing on her work while fully aware of her uphill battle in diminishing Paul's influence. 
Meanwhile, Gareth left the office after the call. He even instructed Thomas to clear his schedule for the day, wanting to ensure no interruptions would disturb him. 
Thomas nodded absently, but his curiosity couldn't be contained. He grinned mischievously and asked, "Mr. Wickam, planning a hot date, are you?" 
Gareth gave him a side-eye, causing Thomas to promptly suppress his grin. 
Fortunately, Gareth was in a good mood. He adjusted his attire and responded nonchalantly, "Mm." 
He drove straight to the supermarket. His mind fixed on the task ahead. Once inside, Gareth methodically checked off items from the shopping list, gathering everything he needed for the evening. 
Today marked their second wedding anniversary, a fact that now felt ludicrous. 
They had never observed the occasion before; truthfully, Elisa hadn't shown much interest in it. But he remembered. It was etched in his mind, impossible to ignore. 
And so, even though it might seem trivial, he couldn't let it pass unnoticed. He had promised to gradually make amends and intended to begin by weaving together fragments of their everyday life. 
He genuinely believed that his sincerity would shine through, and eventually, she would accept him
again. 
As he neared the end of his shopping, having gathered ingredients for a sumptuous meal, Gareth was drawn to the candle section. 
Yet, his attention was drawn to a different display: a setup dedicated to couples. His steps led him there almost involuntarily. 
Displayed were essentials for cohabiting couples - matching items like towels, toothbrushes, and even rinse cups. 
It symbolized their shared life, a concept he aimed to rebuild upon the foundation of their past.
###chapter1845
Chapter 1847 Ambiguous Atmosphere
Gareth's pause caught the attention of a nearby salesperson who saw an opportunity. Assuming a friendly demeanor, the salesperson approached him and asked, "Are you shopping for your girlfriend, sir?" 
After a moment, Gareth shook his head and responded, "No, it's for my wife." 
The salesperson smiled and quipped, "Your wife must've felt pretty lucky to have you." 
Gareth didn't respond, and the vibe in the air got a little awkward. 
The salesperson didn't give up, keeping his pitch alive, "You should check out these everyday items. They can really jazz up a couple's happiness game. Just picture it— soft morning light caressing her face as you stand by the bathroom sink, squeezing toothpaste for her..." 
Unexpectedly, the salesperson's words resonated with Gareth. When he reached the checkout, the top of his shopping cart was loaded with items crafted for couples. 
Once he got home, he unpacked his purchases and headed to the kitchen, rolling his sleeves to start dinner. Time ticked from five o'clock to seven, causing the food to shift between piping hot and cooling down. 
Gareth patiently waited, watching as the sun gradually dipped below the horizon. Finally, the door opened around fifteen minutes past seven in the evening, revealing Elisa's presence. 
Standing in the doorway, Elisa and Gareth shared a gaze from across the room. 
With a hint of bashfulness, Elisa admitted, "I'm sorry, something unexpected cropped up at work. I asked earlier if you were in a rush, and you said you weren't, so I took a bit longer." 
Gareth didn't respond. Instead, he looked at Elisa, his expression pensive. 
He pondered whether Elisa had somehow sensed his intention and intentionally stayed away or if her delay was work-related and coincidental. 
However, whatever the reason might have been, he wasn't upset. He didn't have the right to be. After all, the outcome would always be in his favor, no matter how the situation unfolded. 
At the very least, he had the joy of seeing Elisa. 
Yet, during countless isolated nights in their past, Elisa had been the one left waiting, only to feel let down as he failed to appear. 
"No worries. Just wash up, and we can dig in. I'll reheat the food," Gareth stated, getting to his feet and carrying the plates to the kitchen. 
Elisa gave an acknowledging nod, trailing him into the spacious kitchen. 
Amidst the quiet sound of running water, neither spoke, creating an undercurrent of unease. 
Elisa's gaze drifted to the candles and decorations adorning the dining table. The presence of red wine and balloons hinted at this being more than just an average dinner. She had anticipated the day's significance earlier when she glanced at the date on her phone. 
However, she hadn't purposely evaded it. It was simply that, after their divorce, she had made the conscious choice to prioritize a meeting over celebrating their wedding anniversary. 
With the tag of ex-husband and ex-wife, commemorating their anniversary felt unusual, didn't it? 
Without a word, they carried on with their tasks. 
Elisa wanted to help, so Gareth let her tie the apron around him. 
Elisa complied accordingly. 
Given the height difference, she had to stand on her toes to loop the apron around his waist, a challenge Gareth noticed. 
Consequently, he squatted down, aligning himself with Elisa's height. This shift in perspective brought them very close, close enough to discern the minute pores on each other's skin. 
A somewhat enigmatic mood hung as she deftly tied the apron's knot, like subtle pink bubbles wafting around them. 
With the apron secured, Gareth then instructed Elisa to wait outside. 
"There's quite a bit of greasy smoke in the kitchen. Wait outside; I'll be done soon." 
###chapter1846
Chapter 1848 Just Friends
Elisa nodded and headed back to the dining room. 
In a short while, Gareth joined her, placing the dishes on the table. 
Elisa glanced over the array of dishes and raised an eyebrow at Gareth. 
"You made all this? You're not trying to trick me with takeout, are you?" 
Gareth didn't seem fazed by her doubt. 
With a composed demeanor, he responded, "Seems like my cooking skills are getting a thumbs-up from Ms. Benett." 
Their eyes met, and smiles were exchanged. 
"Let's dig in. Reheated food tends to lose its charm," Elisa suggested as she began tasting the steak before her. 
It was worth mentioning that Gareth's cooking skills were top-notch, evident in the perfectly seared steak. 
Her taste was discerning, not easily pleased. Yet, this dish hit the mark—neither undercooked nor tough, just exquisitely tender and juicy, accompanied by a subtle sweetness. It was, without a doubt, a delight to the palate. 
Elisa gave him a thumbs-up. "If things don't pan out at the company, you've got a Plan B in cooking." 
It might have been a playful suggestion, but Gareth's demeanor showed he was taking it seriously. 
"There's only one person I desire to cook for in this lifetime." 
As Elisa savored the delicious dishes Gareth had whipped up, it became apparent who Gareth was alluding to when he mentioned 'that person'. 
Elisa paused momentarily, and without missing a beat, Gareth slid a cup of plum juice her way. She offered a quick thank you before taking a few sips, the cool liquid easing the dryness in her throat. 
Although Elisa hadn't asked about the significance of their candlelit dinner, Gareth took the initiative to bring it up. 
"Do you know what special day is today?" 
His words hung in the air, prompting Elisa to rest her utensils and focus on him. 
Carrying a gentle warmth in his voice, Gareth continued, "Today marks our wedding anniversary, and it's also our very first celebration that we're sharing. I've got to admit, I'm feeling pretty content right now." 
He added a theatrical flair as he revealed a small gift box, extending it to Elisa as though presenting a priceless gem. 
"I picked out this anniversary gift just for you. Take a peek and let me know if you like it." 
Elisa's deep and penetrating gaze met Gareth's as she spoke, sending a slight shiver down his spine. Breaking the silence, she delivered unexpected words, "You know, we're already divorced." 
Gareth's smile wavered briefly, but he quickly regained his composure. 
"I know. I just thought I could make things right, Liz. I got this silver needle for you, meticulously crafted using primitive methods and made from the finest sterling silver. Give it a shot." 
Elisa politely declined the gift, shaking her head with a soft smile. 
"The past is behind us. You don't need to hold onto any guilt." 
Gareth's expression turned thoughtful, and he met her gaze squarely. "Liz, don't you understand what I'm trying to say?" 
With a calm demeanor, Elisa responded with a counter-question, "Don't you understand what I mean?" 
Gareth's eyes flickered with a hint of frustration. "No, I don't get it." 
Elisa nodded, her tone composed. 
"Alright, then I'll lay it out for you. The past doesn't matter to me anymore. I don't feel anything towards you, neither love nor hate. All I crave is a peaceful life, free from disruptions. You can't keep coming and going as you please, disrupting my tranquility. We're better off as friends. That's all I can offer." 
Gareth's frustration became more pronounced. "I don't want to be your friend only!" 
The undertone of a growl underscored his words, baring the struggle he faced in reining in his emotions. 
Right then, the room was plunged into darkness, leaving only the faint glimmer of candlelight. 
The room plunged into darkness as the power went out. 
Elisa looked around in the dimness, her senses on high alert. Without hesitation, Gareth edged closer to her in the now-dark room.
###chapter1847
Chapter 1849 A Kiss in the Darkness 
Gareth took Elisa's arms in the darkness, drawing her into his embrace. His touch lingered on her head, and their 
lips kissed. 
Elisa's mind seemed to go blank in that instant. Her gaze met Gareth's as they parted, leaving her dazed. 
Their faces were mere inches apart, their breaths mingling in close proximity. 
Elisa could feel the faint prickle of stubble on Gareth's chin, causing a slight discomfort. 
She reacted momentarily afterward, pushing against Gareth's chest and struggling to free herself. His warmth 
radiated as if he aimed to melt her, and his strong frame was undeniable. 
Gareth's arms held her securely, one hand supporting her head, the other steadying her waist. Try as she might, 
Elisa found it impossible to move him even an inch. 
Time seemed to blur as they stood like that. Gareth's grip gradually loosened until Elisa could finally extricate 
herself and create some distance. 
She wiped her lips, her face becoming an angry scowl as she directed her gaze at Gareth. Those eyes held a fire of 
resentment. 
The intensity of her look was fueled by a mixture of frustration and resentment. 
Tired by her fierce stare, Gareth felt a need to explain himself, though the words remained stuck. Once again, he 
found himself at odds with Elisa's wishes. 
His misguided attempt to keep the dreaded words at bay had backfired entirely, leading to an unanticipated 
outcome: Elisa ended up uttering the phrases he feared. 
Elisa's eyes remained fixed on Gareth, her tone crisp and resolute. "Gareth, we're divorced. All I want is to be on 
friendly terms. If that's too much to ask, then we should remain strangers. There's no in-between." 
As those words hung in the air, Elisa started to turn away. But in the dim darkness, she unexpectedly bumped into a 
table corner and ended up on the floor, groaning. 
A sudden jolt of pain shot through her, and the darkness made it even worse. Gareth, noticing her distress, heard 
her groan and quickly moved over, lifting her up gently. 
Gareth held a candle in his other hand, its flame sending dancing shadows across the surroundings. 
The flickering candlelight swayed gently as Gareth held Elisa's waist against him. Elisa struggled to break free, her 
fists lightly hitting Gareth's chest as she scolded, "Let go of me!" 
Gareth remained unfazed by her attempts, his focus on navigating through the darkness. When Elisa tried to 
wriggle away again, a close call with the candle's hot wax nearly spilling onto her prompted him to sternly caution,
"Stop moving!" 
Elisa stopped struggling, her face softly illuminated by the candle's glow, and remained silent. 
Gareth sensed a growing calm in the woman in his arms and felt compelled to explain himself, "I'm not trying 
anything here. I just want to get you back to the room." 
Elisa maintained her silence, suspended between neither agreement nor refusal. 
Gareth lowered Elisa onto the bed, his fingers still tingling from the warmth of her skin. 
He could smell the sweet scent in the air, triggering a pang of desire. He quickly shook his head to clear it. This was 
not the time or place; luckily, the darkness hid his awkwardness. 
Gareth's eyes adjusted to the soft light of the moon and candles as he stepped into Elisa's bedroom for the first 
time. 
The room was simple but elegant, with a whimsy touch reflecting Elisa's personality. 
"Where's the first aid kit?" Gareth asked urgently. 
Elisa pointed in a direction. 
Gareth wasted no time grabbing the first aid kit and skillfully pulling out the necessary items. Elisa's knee was 
scraped and bleeding from a run-in with a sharp corner. 
He uncorked the alcohol bottle for disinfection and got ready to apply the medicine. Then, darting a glance at Elisa, 
and gestured for her to lift her dress slightly.
###chapter1848
Chapter 1850 Does it Hurt?
Elisa was a little self-conscious as she hiked up her skirt, exposing a bit of her knee. The moonlight washed over her face, tinting her cheeks a rosy hue that only added to her beauty. 
The warmth of Gareth's hand on her ankle was a comfort against the chill of the night air, but Elisa's foot twitched nervously, her mind flashing back to the kiss they had shared. 
Gareth looked at her with concern, wondering if she feared the pain that was to come. "Are you scared of the pain?" 
Elisa shook her head. She had endured many more agonizing situations; she had no reason to dread this. 
Gareth raised an eyebrow. "You really are quite the tough one. Pain doesn't seem to bother you much." 
He was being clever, alluding to her reputation for ruthlessness. Elisa caught his innuendo, and the glint in her eyes flashed dangerously. 
"It's fine. I can take care of it myself," Elisa said as she reached for the rubbing alcohol, but Gareth dodged her attempt. 
Seated on the bed, Elisa watched Gareth kneel before her. He was awkward and uncomfortable, but he tried to maintain eye contact. 
"Stop moving around," he said again. He handed her the candle to hold, so he could free both hands to treat her wound. 
Gareth pursed his lips as he applied the medicine to Elisa's wound. He was careful and skillful, and Elisa didn't feel any pain. 
In fact, the only sensation she felt was the warmth of his hand on her skin. It was almost like his touch was setting her on fire. 
From this angle, Elisa could only see Gareth's perfect profile and forehead. 
Elisa couldn't help but think that God had been playing favorites when he made Gareth. He had everything: good looks, charm, talent, and strength. It wasn't fair. 
After about five minutes, Gareth finished the bandaging and tied a beautiful bow. 
"Done." 
Only then did Elisa snap out of her thoughts. She looked at the wound, then at Gareth, and said, "Thank you." 
The bandaging was neat and skillful. 
Elisa refrained from asking him why he knew how to do this; everyone carried their own baggage, and if he wished to open up, he'd do it on his own terms. 
"Thanks," she mumbled, withdrawing her foot. 
Gareth saw Elisa's aloof demeanor, and his lips twitched in a half-smile. But his eyes were serious.
He could tell that she was putting up a wall between them. He wanted to ask her about it but knew it would be pointless. 
Instead, he ventured, "Don't you want to know how I learned to do this bandaging thing?" 
Elisa remained silent, but her eyes signaled him to go on. 
Gareth chuckled, confessing, "I used to get into my fair share of fights as a kid, but that's all under the bridge now. If you're interested, I'll tell you more next time." 
Elisa responded with a non-committal 'oh,' signaling that she wasn't interested in the topic. Gareth just smiled and didn't say anything more. 
Gareth stood up, his knees dusty from kneeling on the floor. 
"I'll go downstairs and check it out. You get some rest first." 
Elisa nodded. Both tacitly avoided mentioning the kiss from earlier. 
Elisa raised the candle in her hand, intending to give it to Gareth. 
"I'll take it," he said, taking the candle from her. 
He approached the bedside table and used the candle wax to secure it. 
"I don't know when the power will restore. Take this and use this first. I can find my way down there in the dark, and candles are downstairs." 
Elisa nodded and didn't argue. 
Gareth headed downstairs, and before he left, he said, "Whatever you do. Remember not to leave this candle burning all night," 
"It's a fire hazard. If you want, you can use scented candles instead."
###chapter1849
Chapter 1851 Bidding
Elisa didn't say anything, but Gareth knew she had heard him. 
He turned and walked downstairs. 
Elisa listened to the door close, and his footsteps faded away. She exhaled heavily, lying on the bed with the incident earlier still fresh in her mind. 
Elisa had every right to feel angry at Gareth, and she did. But even as she thought about why she should be angry with him, an odd twinge of guilt emerged. 
She struggled to pinpoint the source of this guilt, caught off guard by her conflicted emotions. 
She was profusely shaking her head, trying to eradicate these complicated thoughts from her mind. 
Why am I feeling guilty? If anyone should feel guilty, it should be Gareth! 
After waiting around ten minutes, the power finally came back on. Gareth went back upstairs and saw that Elisa had locked the door. 
He had thought about saying something but wasn't sure if Elisa had fallen asleep, so he decided to keep quiet. 
In the room, Elisa turned her back to the door, staring at the moonlight pouring in through the window. 
The footsteps outside the door caught her attention, and she got lost in her thoughts. 
Later, the property management company apologized, saying they messed up the power while digging for a water pipe. 
But Gareth didn't care about that; he appreciated the blackout. 
Despite everything, Elisa hadn't kicked him out; she let him stay. Did that mean he still had a shot? 
Embracing this thought, Gareth attempted to close the emotional gap between him and Elisa. 
But Elisa had seemingly picked up on his intentions well in advance. She adjusted her daily routine almost entirely to avoid him. 
When Gareth woke up in the mornings, Elisa had already headed to work. 
She burned the midnight oil at night, staying up until the clock struck twelve before finally retreating to her room, stifling yawns. 
A few times, Gareth contemplated loitering in the living room to catch some TV and await Elisa's return. But seeing how utterly worn out she was, he couldn't bring himself to hinder her much-needed sleep. 
This pattern continued for about a week, straining their progress in their relationship. 
Gareth took the indirect route and asked Bella, eventually learning that their company was swamped. They hustled to secure a new partner, and late nights had become the norm. 
Though technically, it was a concern for the project team, something that Elisa shouldn't have been directly involved in. 
Yet, there she was, taking the initiative to stick around and support her co-workers during these overtime stints. 
The gesture had touched all the employees; with their boss grinding alongside them, slacking off was out of the question. 
However, Gareth's mood wasn't precisely a sunshine-and-rainbows affair. And so, another week sailed by until the tipping point finally happened. 
Bella and Elisa casually walked into the building, holding documents, fully prepared for the bidding session. 
Unbeknownst to them, a surprising turn awaited – the legal representative from the host company happened to be none other than... 
On this end, Gareth promptly decided to join them at the bidding site. 
As the meeting room filled with participants, Elisa's astonishment was vivid when she spotted Gareth. 
Her eyebrows shot up in a charmingly puzzled expression, clearly taken aback by his unexpected presence. 
Elisa initially thought Gareth was there to bid as well. Still, it soon became apparent – he had arrived alone, without a team or bidding documents. 
Later, Elisa learned that Gareth was a close friend of the boss. 
During the introductions of the participating companies, Elisa and Gareth shared a fleeting glance mid- air. 
Elisa discreetly stole a glance before swiftly shifting her gaze away as if pretending she didn't know him. 
In contrast, Gareth's gaze remained fixed on Elisa, almost as if he was captivated by her presence. 
"Look! Our esteemed guest is here to visit his beloved wife. What a sweet surprise!" 
Jimmy playfully teased. Gareth maintained his silence, his lips curving into a gentle, affectionate smile. 
###chapter1850
Chapter 1852 Offering Concessions
As if he'd encountered an extraterrestrial, Jimmy was utterly dumbfounded, repeatedly clicking his tongue in disbelief as he observed Gareth's unexpectedly gentle demeanor. 
This was an entirely novel side of Gareth that Jimmy had never witnessed before. 
With the official commencement of the bidding, the competition now featured a roster of five companies. 
Elisa had conducted her preliminary evaluation, which conclusively identified Z Tech Corp as the sole formidable contender. 
True to prediction, after the initial round of presentations, the remaining three companies were politely and temporarily excused from the proceedings. 
The second set of presentations rolled in. This time, Bella assumed the lead presenter role and had to take the stage herself. 
"Relax," Elisa turned to look at Bella, who was wiping her sweaty palms. 
Bella responded with a bashful smile. It wasn't so much that she was nervous, but this was her first time in the spotlight. 
"We've rehearsed this presentation many times – it's foolproof! And the concessions we're putting on the table are super tempting. Just present it like you always do. You've got it in the bag!" Elisa spoke while making a supportive gesture. 
Bella nodded earnestly, waiting for the other company to wrap up before stepping forward with a notebook. 
The meeting table stretched oblong, its center a hollow expanse. Bella confidently took her place right at its heart to deliver her presentation. 
Coincidentally, Elisa and Gareth were seated directly across from her. However, she was clueless whether Gareth had planned it or was a coincidence. 
Throughout the presentation, their eyes met intermittently. 
Without exchanging glances, Elisa could feel a subtle, lingering gaze fixed on her. 
She didn't go out of her way to evade it or react in any particular manner, as his gaze didn't elicit any discomfort or unease within her. 
Bella's presentation drew close, leaving Jimmy genuinely impressed by what he'd just witnessed. 
Also, Bella's name caught his ear. With Gareth seated next to him, he naturally put two and two together to figure out her identity. 
With both the sister and the wife in the mix, the outcome of the bid felt like a no-brainer. 
As he was about to lock in his decision, Z Tech Corp surprised everyone by altering their conditions, introducing a one percent concession. 
This instantly intrigued Jimmy. 
It was apparent that Z Tech Corp was determined to win, their smug glances directed at Elisa's team. 
One percent marked their most significant concession yet, hinting that their motivation wasn't purely financial but a quest for recognition and reputation enhancement. 
So, if Elisa's team intended to secure the project, they'd need to put forth an even more enticing concession. 
The amount remained substantial even with an additional 0.1 percent offer for a five-billion-dollar project. 
The demand for cash payment was the deal-breaker. 
Most companies simply didn't have such hefty liquid capital at their disposal. 
Elisa's firm did, though it only amounted to around six billion. But betting their entire capital on this project was a double-edged sword; any financial issues in their other projects could easily spell bankruptcy. 
The absence of any concessions had clearly caught Jimmy's attention. 
It appeared that victory was leaning toward Z Tech Corp. 
Bella found herself momentarily at a loss, comprehending the high stakes. Her glance shifted toward
Elisa, silently seeking assurance. 
Elisa, however, remained calm. 
Just as she was about to speak, someone beat her to it. 
"Mr. Mazel, looks like you're really gunning for this project," 
Stuart beamed, his broad and smug grin almost masking his eyes. 
"How cunning!" Elisa muttered under her breath. 
Did this Stuart seriously believe Gareth had dropped by to shower him with early congratulations? 
One glance at Gareth's smile was crystal clear to her – he was up to no good. 
Gareth's expression turned somber as if on cue, and his following words took an unexpected turn. 
"But your intentions don't seem all that sincere. Offering a one percent concession so readily raises eyebrows. If it weren't for the competition, who's to say how much profit you're really gunning for? That one percent might just be the tip of the iceberg."
###chapter1851
Chapter 1853 Unscrupulous Business
Stuart's confident smile hit a sudden snag. He'd been wearing a look of smug satisfaction, but the situation had taken a turn for the awkward. 
Elisa and Bella maintained their poised demeanor and sophistication. At the same time, their team members couldn't resist snickering, appreciating Gareth's intervention and finding humor in Stuart's awkward ordeal. 
Just one sentence from Gareth seamlessly shifted the dynamic and startled the opposing side. 
Stuart stood up, stomping and trying to hide his rage. 
After a few attempts to speak, he finally regained his composure. 
"Mr. Lou, you... you're aware that the other side can't easily undercut our price. Businesspeople can't lay all our cards on the table from the get-go. I'm sure you're familiar with the drill?" 
Jimmy maintained his silence, a cryptic smile playing on his lips. 
Right then, it dawned on him that Gareth was dedicated to bolstering his wife's bid for success. And it was unfortunate that Stuart was yet to realize this. 
At that exact moment, Elisa, silently observing, couldn't suppress her chuckle, causing all eyes to shift toward her. 
She quipped, "Hold up, Mr. Mazel, things aren't exactly as you've assumed. Our materials are in different leagues. We're working with 999 fine silver while you're sticking with 925. Our glass is ice
seed, whereas you've opted for jadeite. Now, when it comes to pricing... there seems to be a significant gap, don't you think?" 
Stuart's temper flared, and he jabbed his finger at her. "Enough with the nonsense!" He spat out. Gareth's gaze turned chilly, honed in on Stuart's pointing finger. 
It appeared he was teetering on the edge of snapping it. 
However, Stuart remained oblivious and carried on his argument with Elisa. 
On the flip side, Elisa remained unperturbed. She simply shrugged, responding nonchalantly, "Well, we can claim our products are the best, but an inspection would tell the truth." 
Stuart persisted in his denial, yet his anxious demeanor had already betrayed him. Seeing Stuart's continued resistance, Jimmy played his hand. 
He acted as if he were poised to delve into an investigation, comparing the samples Stuart had brought with the inventory in the warehouse. 
If both samples fell short, it wouldn't be a big deal; they were merely attempting to rake in some extra cash. 
However, if it turned out that the samples and the warehouse inventory were of differing quality, it would amount to fraud. If this news spread, the company's standing would be utterly tarnished. 
Stuart was well aware of the stakes, and sweat trickled down his forehead. 
"How about this? Can you let my reps into your warehouse for inspection?" Jimmy urged, turning up the heat on Stuart. 
A sudden chill ran down Stuart's spine. After weighing the options, he chose to bow out of the bidding. 
When weighed against the destruction of the company's reputation, this was the lesser of two evils. 
However... 
He glared at Elisa with malice and cursed, "You damned b*tch from god-knows-where, you and your b*tch of a mother! I wish I could kill you and your..." 
Before he could finish his words, Gareth's fist knocked out one of his teeth. 
Blood kept flowing from his mouth. 
Jimmy calmly watched everything unfold and instructed the security to escort Stuart out. 
Poor Stuart came in swaggering and left being dragged away like a limp rag. 
His employees were left stunned, frozen in place, only to watch as their boss was hauled away before they could react. 
Jimmy beamed a composed smile as he quirked an eyebrow, "Aren't you guys going to chase after him?" 
Finally jolted back to reality, they darted off after Stuart, their enthusiasm waning. 
Without a doubt, in the end, Bella scored the contract. 
###chapter1852
Chapter 1854 Repayment
Bella's hands trembled as she approached to sign the contract, like leaves quivering in the wind. Even after clutching the official document, a feeling of light-headedness lingered. 
It took a moment for Bella to realize the urge to share this moment of joy and accomplishment with Elisa. 
However, as she looked around, Elisa was nowhere to be seen. 
Bella was perplexed and promptly dispatched her colleagues to locate Elisa. 
Simultaneously, Elisa had just exited the restroom, wiping her hands and casting her gaze downwards. Just as a shadow loomed over her, she looked up too late and collided with a solid wall. 
"Ouch!" 
Elisa winced, stepping back and rubbing her throbbing forehead. Then, she met the eyes of the person standing before her—none other than Gareth. 
Gareth stood with his hands in his pockets, looking at her indifferently. 
Elisa's eyes were drawn to his lips. 
"What? Not even a thank-you?" Gareth quipped a playful note in his voice. 
Watching his lips move as he talked, she couldn't help but recall the kiss they'd shared a couple of weeks ago. 
Taking a small step back, she put some distance between them and regarded Gareth cautiously. He seemed to be jesting, but his expression lacked a smile. 
Keeping her silence, she held his gaze as if contemplating something. 
Eventually, she broke the quiet, "Thanks, Mr. Wickam." 
As those words hung there, she turned to leave, but a hand got in her way. 
It was a hand with distinct knuckles. Following the arm upward, Elisa met the gaze of the person it belonged to, who gave her a playful grin. 
There was a hint of disappointment on his face, his brows slightly furrowing. "That's it? I did quite a favor for your company, and you're just going to breeze past it with a casual thank you?" 
Elisa found herself gazing at Gareth again, where his eyes held an intense and profound expression. 
She toyed with the idea of shutting him up by giving him a heads-up that she was on top of things – and seriously, he should know that already. 
She was confident she could handle this situation just fine without needing his backup. 
Elisa let out a small, resigned sigh, finally giving in and turning her attention to Gareth. "Fine. What do you want me to do for you, exactly?" 
Before Gareth could respond, a voice she recognized piped up. "Look! It's Ms. Benett!" 
Gareth turned to see who it was. Elisa did the same. 
Turned out it was her co-worker. 
More people rushed over in no time, barely noticing Gareth and forming a circle around Elisa. 
Gareth got nudged to the side, somewhat pushed aside. 
Elisa felt a bit overwhelmed as the group started chatting and joking animatedly. She rubbed her temple, sensing a headache coming on. 
"Whoa, whoa, hold on a sec," 
Bella interjected with a grin, "Since this is our first major victory, how 'bout I throw a celebratory dinner for us all? Let's make it a blast! And, of course, our stay of the show, Ms. Benett, has to be there!" 
Elisa was about to decline, but seeing how everyone was putting in overtime these days, not just the project team but other departments too, and her co-workers' excited faces, she looked around. 
In the end, Elisa gave a nod. "Sure thing." 
Cheers erupted, "Yeay! Hip-hip-hooray for Ms. Benett!" 
Caught up in the lively mood, Elisa couldn't help but smile. 
"But..." Elisa's tone shifted.
###chapter1853
Chapter 1855 I Want to Go Too
The crowd murmured as all eyes turned toward her. 
Elisa gave an elusive smile and suggested, "How about a celebratory banquet? But I'll be the host this time, and we'll have it on a yacht. After all, this achievement goes beyond just our project department; other departments, including top executives, have also worked hard for several late nights." 
There were no ions. 
Bella blushed and sheepishly said, "I apologize for not thinking it through. Indeed, everyone has worked hard during this time." 
Elisa smiled and replied, "Alright, everyone, let's get ready!" 
The crowd dispersed with palpable excitement and reverberating cheers. 
Bella, Elisa, and Gareth were the only ones remaining, but Gareth had been previously pushed aside. 
At that moment, Bella noticed Gareth and exclaimed, "Cousin!" 
Gareth, who had been overlooked all along, gazed intently at Elisa and said, "I've decided on my reward." 
Elisa looked at him with soft eyes, prompting him to continue. 
"I want... to join your celebration banquet." 
Elisa's brow furrowed, and her stomach churned at the thought of him joining. 
After all, having outsiders at the company's celebration banquet might not be appropriate. 
As Elisa hesitated, Gareth exasperatedly continued, "You talked about thanking me, but now you won't let me attend the celebration banquet. Sigh." 
Bella added her support to his request. 
"Ms. Benett, Mr. Wickham also played a crucial role in our success, right? So, why not extend an invitation to Mr. Wickham as well?" 
Since they put it that way, she had no room for refusal. 
Eventually, she gave in and agreed. 
A grin spread across Gareth's face as he was finally invited to the banquet. 
Elisa felt as if she had fallen into a web of his mischiefs. 
And thus, the matter was finally settled. 
The celebration banquet was set for three days later, on Saturday at four in the afternoon, aboard the luxurious Princess Cruise. 
Elisa was momentarily dazed by the guest list Bella had handed her. 
There it was—Paul Grayson. 
It was a surprise that Mr. Grayson was also going to attend. 
As the departments were busy with their tallies, the unfortunate oversight of not including Mr. Grayson led to a considerable outburst of anger. 
Mr. Grayson had never attended such a celebratory banquet, so no one bothered to extend an invitation to him. 
Yet there he was, standing in front of the cruise entrance. 
Bella stood frozen, her voice caught in her throat, but she finally mustered her courage and announced firmly, "This is a banquet to celebrate hard work and gratitude. However, Mr. Grayson seems to be not on the guest list." 
In truth, Bella wanted to say that Mr. Grayson did not deserve to be here. 
However, Elisa would not tolerate any unfavorable comments about the higher-ups. She firmly believed in leading by example and fostering a positive work environment. 
Elisa lightly tapped the tabletop with her fingers, taking a moment to decide. 
She closed the list and set it aside. 
"Let him come if he wants to. It's not a big deal," Elisa said. 
Bella pouted and murmured, "The key issue is that it's not just one person; he also wants to bring Rochelle along." 
Elisa heard her but didn't change her decision. 
Upon seeing this, Bella gathered and discussed the list with the cruise organizers. 
After Bella left, Elisa's thoughts wondered as her fingers paused typing on the keyboard. 
She hesitated momentarily, then picked up her phone, carefully scrolling through her contacts. 
In the message conversation, the last message was from a few days ago when Gareth had asked her what time she would get off work. 
However, Elisa hadn't replied to that message. 
Elisa hesitated, her fingers hovered over the keyboard. Just then, her phone buzzed softly. 
###chapter1854
Chapter 1856 Celebration
It was from Gareth. 
'How long will the celebration banquet be? And don't forget to invite the benefactor.' 
Elisa looked at her phone and chuckled softly. 
The esteemed Mr. Wickham, making such a fuss over a spot on a luxury cruise, would be ridiculed if this leaked. 
A mischievous idea crossed her mind. 
'Sorry, all spots are filled.' 
After a brief silence, when Elisa thought there might be no response, Gareth messaged her. 
'Oh, really? That's too bad. Well, it seems like Ms. Benett will have to make it up to me personally.' 
Her stomach dropped, and an icy current went down her spine as the memory of the kiss with Gareth flashed vividly. 
Elisa shook her head to dispel those unrealistic thoughts. 
Finally, she mustered the courage and pressed the send button. 
'Saturday at four in the afternoon, Canarby Wharf, Princess Cruise.' 
She set her phone aside. 
Time flew swiftly, and before she knew it, Saturday had arrived. 
On this special day, Elisa embraced the rare pleasure of staying home, away from the hustle and bustle of the office. 
As such, Gareth wouldn't miss this perfect chance to bond and stay home with Elisa. 
Unfortunately, the two didn't engage much. Elisa spent the whole morning in her room, busy with her tasks. 
Elisa would only emerge from her seclusion during mealtime and retreat to her room immediately after eating. 
His heart couldn't help but sink a little, feeling disappointed. 
Nevertheless, there was a silver lining as they soon embarked on their journey to Canarby Wharf together. 
At around one in the afternoon, Gareth and Elisa left for the Canarby Wharf in Gareth's newly purchased McLaren. 
Throughout the drive, an air of awkwardness lingered. Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances, unsure of how to break the silence. 
Gareth noticed that Elisa's face had turned slightly pale and looked unwell. 
He quickly opened the convertible's roof, welcoming the gentle caress of the breeze that embraced them both. 
As the wind played with her hair and the sunlight kissed her skin, the paleness in her face faded, and she started to look a bit better. 
Elisa was grateful for Gareth's gesture and softly murmured, "Thank you." 
The car continued to move steadily; Gareth knew Elisa would be the focal point of the celebration banquet. Thus, he decided to strike up a conversation with her. 
"I heard Paul is coming." 
Elisa stared at him blankly. 
"Says who?" 
Gareth chuckled and clarified, "Don't get it wrong; it definitely wasn't Bella. She's become tight-lipped now; hard to get anything out of her. I'm just relaying what I've heard from rumors." 
He knew it irked Elisa. 
If Thomas had been spreading this everywhere, he would have been fired. 
No one except for Elisa knew about this. 
Elisa's shoulder finally relaxed as she nodded. 
Gareth sneered, "Why would this old timer crash a party for the youngsters?" 
Elisa's face hardened as she replied, "He has a young fling." 
Gareth smirked, "Fooling around so much, isn't he afraid his wife will find out?" 
Elisa pondered momentarily before replying, "Paul's wife seems devoted to him. She used to work in a state-owned enterprise but left her job to become a stay-at-home wife for him. She's probably heard some gossip. I haven't met her yet, so I can't say for sure about her stance. But who knows?" 
Elisa's words trailed off. 
Gareth caught her drift. 
In any case, she wasn't someone to mess with. 
No wonder Rochelle was arrogant and aggressive. 
The two fell silent again. 
As they approached their destination, Elisa asked him to drop her off on the roadside and walked the rest. 
"If anyone sees me leaving your car, it might raise some questions," she said curtly. 
###chapter1855
Chapter 1857 Between You and Me
This time, Gareth wasn't up for complying with Elisa's request to slow down; instead, he pressed down on the gas pedal, picking up speed. 
He kept going until they reached the pier. 
Elisa glanced at him, her lips sealed. She didn't immediately step out of the car, but her frustration was palpable. 
Observing Elisa's pouty face, Gareth couldn't help but find it amusing. He was on the verge of tucking the hair strands behind her ear, but she skillfully evaded his reach. 
Gareth's arm hung there for a beat, awkwardly suspended. 
He retracted it with a sulky expression and said apologetically, "I noticed some folks were arriving. If you had left the car partway, it might've seemed suspicious. It would be better if we both get out together when we reach the pier. That way, it won't attract too much attention, and no one will start unnecessary probing, don't you think?" 
Elisa remained silent, but her demeanor had softened a bit; there was a hint of warmth in her expression. 
With the chilly tension dissipated, Elisa unbuckled her seatbelt and stepped out of the car. 
Gareth followed suit. 
Even though it was still early, a few had already arrived. 
They were hanging around and passing the time nearby. As soon as they saw Elisa, they excitedly huddled around her and chatted animatedly. 
"Ah, Ms. Benett, you're here! I can't believe that we are going on this fancy cruise!" 
"You might find it hard to believe, but this is my first time on such a luxurious cruise; it looks awe- inspiring." The girl who spoke sounded a bit shy. 
The girl next to her nodded in agreement. 
"Yeah, thanks to Ms. Benett, we get to experience it for the first time!" 
The girls playfully bantered back and forth, making Elisa uneasy. 
And to top it off, she had just stepped out of the car, and her stomach, which had settled after its earlier upset, was starting to act up again. 
The girls' animated chatter was starting to make Elisa feel queasy. 
Sensing her discomfort, Gareth stepped up to help her out. 
Using his height advantage, he interjected and skillfully guided Elisa out of the crowd. 
The girls looked at Gareth, perplexed. 
Only then they recalled seeing their boss, Elisa, emerging from this man's car. 
They began to speculate about his identity. 
Gareth said, "I'm sorry, everyone. Ms. Benett and I need to have a chat. You can go ahead and board the cruise. Just give your names and show your IDs; there will be staff to assist you." 
He nodded and said, "Please excuse us." then led Elisa away, boarding the cruise in advance. 
Gareth's arm was gently draped around Elisa's shoulder throughout this process. 
Observing his protective and intimate gestures, the girls continued their chatter and deliberation about the man's identity. 
Seeing Elisa so close to a man was a rare sight for them. 
"I'm guessing he's her brother. Ms. Benett is pretty much this accomplished, no-nonsense, workaholic type—she's not the sort to date anyone." 
"Who's to say? Maybe she's the one wearing the pants in this relationship." 
"Well, that's not entirely implausible." 
Subsequently, when Bella turned up, they started filling her in on the unusual incident they had just witnessed. 
When she heard about that, Bella immediately knew who the man was and chuckled. Then, she brushed off the girls, remarking, "Honestly, it doesn't matter who that guy was. Let's get on the cruise and party time!" 
The girls were influenced by her and decided not to dwell on the topic any longer. 
Meanwhile, Gareth guided Elisa towards the railing. 
As Elisa took in the fresh air, she began to feel better. 
They exchanged glances, and after a beat, Elisa relaxed and said, "By the way, thanks." 
Gareth looked at her earnestly as if attempting to see through her thoughts. Elisa didn't flinch; her gaze locked onto him with fearless determination. 
His eyes mirrored the sea and said, "No need for thanks between us." 
###chapter1856
Chapter 1858 Fashionably Late
Elisa remained silent. 
As if struck by a sudden idea, Gareth piped up, "You know... You're only a few years older than Bella. Whenever she's overwhelmed or upset, she lets it out through tears, using them to release her stress. She allows herself to be vulnerable when she needs to. You... don't have to be strong all the time. Just saying..." 
Gareth wanted Elisa to know that he was there to support her no matter what. 
But ultimately, he couldn't muster the words. 
Elisa chuckled, a trace of teasing in her smile, yet it held a captivating beauty. 
Beside her, the sunlit waves seemed to hush momentarily, allowing her presence to shine. 
"I'm not trying to force down this bitter pill. Honestly, these things don't faze me in the slightest." 
With that, Elisa walked away, starting to greet everyone. 
One after another, people started boarding the cruise. Almost all were on time by four in the afternoon and had shown up. 
Except for Paul and Rochelle. 
As Bella emerged from the captain's quarters and navigated through the crowd, she chanced upon Elisa. 
She mentioned, "The captain is asking if we could set sail now. If we delay any longer, we might not reach the central island before sunset." 
This time, their festivities weren't confined to the ship alone; Elisa had also organized a celebration on a central island. 
Embarking after nightfall would carry some risks. 
However, if they set sail promptly, Paul wouldn't pass up the opportunity for a snarky comment or two. 
Elisa didn't hesitate to decide. 
"Let's get going. Also, arrange a small fishing boat for those two. They're welcome to join us; if not, they can find their way there." 
Elisa's expression soured, revealing her impatience. 
Clearly, Paul was trying to assert his authority by keeping everyone waiting for him. However, his efforts were futile. 
Much to Paul and Rochelle's chagrin, the cruise ship had raised its anchor and departed from the dock. 
Paul had arrived late, accompanied by Rochelle in a car. 
As they watched the ship sail away from a distance, Rochelle couldn't help but voice her annoyance, "Is Elisa deliberately messing with us? Doesn't she know we didn't make it in time for the cruise?!" 
Expressing her frustration, Rochelle tugged at the corner of Paul's sleeve, her tone a mix of coy and irritation, "I might tolerate her treating me like this, but not when she treats you like this—I bet that woman is trying to assert her authority and shame us in front of everyone!" 
Bella's constant poking had stirred up Paul's innate pettiness, and he was seething with rage. 
He quickly dialed Elisa's number. 
Getting ready to unleash a wave of complaints, he never expected the call to cut off right after dialing— not a busy signal or a hang-up, just a straight-up disconnection. 
Paul's frustration was through the roof, about to burst, as he dialed again; this time, the call was answered. 
Paul chimed in before Elisa could say anything, probing, "Seriously, what's up with you? Why are you leaving us hanging like this? Are you trying to mess with us? Do you not know we haven't boarded the ship? You..." 
Before Paul could finish his rant, the call was deliberately cut off again. 
Right beside him, Rochelle's expression was unfolding like a dramatic movie scene. 
She went from confusion to disbelief and finally settled into a disdainful smirk. 
Paul had a delicate ego and detested being disrespected. Elisa's actions had hit that nerve dead on. 
Initially, Rochelle thought she'd have to manipulate Paul into taking on Elisa, but now it seemed Paul was all set on his own course of action; she didn't need to intervene. 
Meanwhile, Paul was in a raging frenzy, redialing the number as if the phone could take the brunt of his frustration. 
A moment later, just before the call was about to drop naturally, someone responded on the other end. 
At this point, Paul's patience was hanging by a thread; the initial outburst of anger had left him drained. 
The voice that greeted him was Bella's, tinged with both mockery and amusement. 
###chapter1857
Chapter 1859 To Try or Not to Try?
"Sorry 'bout that, Mr. Mazel. Got caught up earlier and missed your call," Bella's voice remained cool. "Ms. Benett is bogged down with social stuff at the moment, can't take calls. She left her phone with me." 
Paul reined in his annoyance, querying, "So, what's the plan now?" 
Bella explained calmly, "Okay, here's how it goes, Mr. Mazel. Ms. Benett thought it was dangerous to hit the waves after sundown. That's why she set the departure for 4:00 PM. The thing is, you got delayed and missed the ship. Not to worry, though—there's a backup boat ready to roll. Whether or not you're down for it, it's your call." 
With that, Bella ended the call abruptly. 
At that very moment, a man dressed like a fisherman approached. 
As he got closer, Rochelle pinched her nose in apparent disgust. 
The fisherman looked somewhat sheepish but asked, "Sorry to bother you. Are you Mr. Mazel and Ms. Matterson?" 
Rochelle didn't respond while Paul adjusted his suit, snorting from his chin with an almost arrogant flair. 
The fisherman continued, "Ms. Benett arranged for me to give you a lift. If you're up for it, feel free to hop on." 
By now, Rochelle had an unsettling hunch. 
What kind of boat could a fisherman plan to take them on? 
Still, they followed him. 
Upon seeing the boat, Paul's jaw dropped. Right there and then, he tugged Rochelle along, wanting to dash off. 
To Paul's horror, that 'boat' wasn't even hitting the mark as a legit boat. It didn't even have a canopy, to begin with. 
It was a flat-bottomed contraption with no engine, rowed with wooden oars, dependent on human muscles! 
Come on, seriously? It was the twenty-first century, and they were stuck navigating in this kind of outdated vessel? 
By this point, the larger ships at the dock had all sailed off, leaving them with no option but the flat- bottomed 'boat.' 
Rochelle was on the verge of fainting at the sight of the 'boat.' But she clenched her teeth and budged. 
After enduring a day brimming with humiliation, she wasn't ready to brush it off. Rochelle had her mind set on a comeback, eager to teach Elisa a lesson or two. 
With that determination, Rochelle managed to convince Paul, and eventually, they tagged along on the stomach-churning boat ride. 
The boat incessantly rocked back and forth, lacking proper safety measures, and moved incredibly sluggishly. 
Every now and then, seawater splashes came dashing in, and the salty sea breeze disheveled Rochelle's delicate hairdo and expensive dress. 
Paul wasn't doing much better. They both vowed to make Elisa pay for subjecting them to this ordeal! 
Meanwhile, Elisa mingled with the group aboard as Bella led the way. Bella couldn't help but picture Rochelle and Paul in their pitiful state, especially after getting off a call with Paul – it brightened her mood. 
She had recounted their awkward situation to Elisa, assuming they'd abandon the idea of joining the cruise. 
Elisa smirked but kept quiet. She doubted they'd give up that easily, not after such a public humiliation. Given their vindictive personalities, they'd find a way to make amends. 
Elisa lingered at the back of the group, with Gareth by her side. Out of the blue, a busybody employee asked about their relationship. 
Before Elisa could chime in, Gareth interjected, "We're friends, but I'm trying to win over Ms. Benett. So, keep your fingers crossed for me." 
Elisa could see the glimmer in the young girl's eyes momentarily fade and then light up again – a sure sign of a crush on Gareth. 
Eventually, the employee gave Gareth an approving smile, commenting, "Good luck. I think you and Ms. Benett would make a great couple." 
Elisa found herself surprised by the unexpected remark. Before she could respond, the young girl had already dashed away. 
Gareth gave Elisa a playful nudge on the shoulder, "You see, even your employee thinks we're a perfect match. So, Ms. Benett, how about giving me a chance?" 
###chapter1858
Chapter 1860 An Invite to Dance
Elisa shot him a once-over and remained silent, continuing to stride forward. 
Besides Paul and Rochelle, everyone else had already arrived. 
The central island appeared more spacious than anticipated, and Elisa had secured the entire area. 
They set sail around six in the evening, then indulged in some fun for half an hour or so. After that, Elisa took charge, leading the group to the restaurant. 
The restaurant had been transformed into a self-service dance party setup. Various foods adorned both sides – cooked dishes, sashimi, fruits, and seafood – all incredibly fresh. In the heart of it, all was the dance floor. 
"Can I help you?" Her tone was cold, her demeanor distant. 
Not far away, Gareth, holding a glass of red wine in hand, had been discreetly watching Elisa. Sensing something amiss, he took a step toward her. 
With a touch of shyness, the man spoke, "Ms. Benett, I'm from the Finance Department. While we might not have interacted much, I've quietly followed your endeavors. By the way, I was also there at the bid award event. I know our victory this time owes a lot to your exceptional contributions. I hold you in high regard and would be honored to propose a toast in your name." 
He raised his glass, anticipating Elisa's reaction. 
It would be impolite to reject a friendly gesture, especially when the man hadn't crossed any
boundaries. Elisa conceded, lifting her glass and lightly clinking it against his. 
She took a small sip of the wine and refrained from taking more. 
The ensemble of red wine, red lips, and Elisa's gown, with its daring back and subtle slit, commanded attention. 
Elisa raised an eyebrow as the man continued to stand there. 
"Yes? Is there anything else you need?" 
After hesitating, he mustered his courage and said, "Ms. Benett, I couldn't help but notice you've been sitting here alone. I was wondering if you'd do me the honor of sharing this opening dance with me." 
Elisa was taken aback. 
This was the first time a subordinate had invited her to dance. She looked around at the curious onlookers, many directing their attention toward them. Those eyes seemed to weigh heavily on the young man. 
While she hadn't initially planned on dancing, she didn't want to spoil the atmosphere either. 
After briefly contemplating, she was about to extend her hand toward the young man when a more prominent hand intercepted her. 
She looked up, and the young man turned to see Gareth, whose gaze was intense and expression somewhat cold. 
"Didn't we understand that you'd be dancing exclusively with me and no one else?" 
Gareth's voice carried a frosty edge, his tone sharp. 
He didn't spare a glance for the young man, yet his demeanor emanated an undeniable air of dominance. 
The young man swallowed hard but stood his ground. He murmured, "Excuse me, Ms. Benett has already agreed to dance with me. You might need to wait for your turn, sir." 
Gareth cast him a scornful look, projecting an aura of unwavering superiority. 
Despite this, the young man stood his ground. 
Elisa's inner sigh was palpable as she massaged her temples. She was concerned the young man might become so overwhelmed that he'd faint. She then gave the young man an apologetic nod and politely declined his request. 
Swiftly, she took Gareth's hand and led him toward the center of the dance floor. People around them, both men and women, instinctively cleared a path, encircling them. 
Under the spotlight's beam, they occupied the focal point. 
An ineffable sentiment seemed to fill the air.
###chapter1859
Chapter 1861 Opening Dance
The surrounding gazes converged on the two of them. Gareth saw the dejected young man leaving, and a satisfactory smile tugged at his lips. 
"Ms. Benett, may I have the honor of inviting you to this opening dance?" He asked Elisa in a chivalrous manner. 
The latter smiled. A blend of helplessness and a touch of sentiment was evident in her expression. Slowly, Elisa placed her hand on Gareth's, prompting the room to erupt in cheers. 
The music started playing, and everyone paused to watch Elisa and Gareth take the floor for their first dance. 
Under the collective gaze of the onlooking crowd, they exuded confidence without a hint of nervousness. 
They moved in perfect synchrony, gliding effortlessly forward and backward. Their steps flowed gracefully and harmoniously. 
Elisa projected an aura of elegance and grace reminiscent of a princess with each movement. 
Especially when her red dress fluttered in the air with her fluid movements, it held a captivating enchantment. 
The lights traced their every motion, casting a luminous glow upon them. 
Despite Gareth's typically reserved demeanor, at that very moment, his eyes radiated warmth and
affection. It was as if the barriers that had once kept them distant had dissolved away. 
From Elisa's perspective, it was a unique moment, as if she contained an entire cosmos of galaxies within her eyes. 
To onlookers, seeing them dancing hand-in-hand and the chemistry between them created a captivating and picturesque scene, like a treat for the eyes. 
However, unbeknownst to them, Gareth and Elisa would engage in whispered conversations as they shared the intimate dance. 
Elisa playfully quipped, "What made you ask me to dance all of a sudden? It's not like you..." 
Gareth playfully tightened his hold on her waist. He retorted, "Wasn't really my intention initially because I noticed Ms. Benett sitting there alone as if not keen..." 
Gareth gently guided Elisa's waist as the music flowed to its rhythm, allowing her to sway. She gracefully followed his lead, bringing the dance to a splendid close. 
Applause erupted from the audience. 
Moments later, as Elisa stood upright again, Gareth's voice murmured by her ear, "Then, I saw that you wanted to dance again, so I hurried over. You might have taken the first dance with someone else if I had been a second slower." 
He finished with a teasing click of his tongue as if the thought of that scenario upset him. 
Initially, Elisa didn't understand his meaning. 
Later, the realization struck her, and she playfully inquired, "Mr. Gareth, you're not actually feeling jealous, are you?" 
Her tone was mostly jest, fully aware of his usual demeanor—he would never admit to being envious. 
However, she hadn't anticipated that, as the music paused and their movements froze mid-bend, Gareth gradually closed the gap between them, his expression sincere. 
"Yes, I'm jealous," he admitted. "I've fallen for you. What do I do with you now?" 
His warm breath, tinged with the fragrance of wine, brushed her neck, creating an electric atmosphere. 
Elisa stared at him, taken aback by his honesty, momentarily stunned. 
Gareth's gentle squeeze of her hand snapped her back, and they took a bow together. 
The dance came to a close amid a cascade of applause, the room alive with cheers and accolades. 
Gareth handed the microphone to Elisa, who accepted it graciously, sharing a few words to motivate the vibrant atmosphere. 
She expressed heartfelt thanks for everyone's effort and implored all to relish the moment. 
The crowd chanted, "Hail Ms. Benett, the fairest of them all!" 
Elisa seemed to emit a radiant glow in the bustling crowd's heart. Gareth's gaze lingered on her, a smile unconsciously tugging at his lips. 
Around the same time, a disheveled Paul and Rochelle made their entrance. Despite their initial elegant attire, they appeared somewhat tousled, as if they had gone through some 'adventure.' 
This was especially evident in Rochelle's case; her once meticulous and pretty hairdo now clung haphazardly to her scalp. 
###chapter1860
Chapter 1862 Getting Hit On?
Her intricate makeup had smudged beyond recognition, and the once-impeccable dress was now a crumpled and stained disappointment, a cringe-worthy disaster. 
The pair planned quietly slipping away to their room and salvaging their disheveled appearances. In fact, with the party in full swing, everyone was lost in the revelry and paying no attention to Paul and Rochelle. However, with her sharp eyes, Bella caught a glimpse of them. 
Following customary routine, it was Bella's moment to take the stage right after Elisa's introductory speech. 
Wearing her signature smile, she stepped forward, exchanging pleasantries and paying homage to her mentor, Elisa. 
Then, with a playful glint in her eye, she looked at a nondescript corner of the room and exclaimed, "Uh... Is that Mr. Mazel and Ms. Matterson? Oh, dear! What happened?! How did you end up like this?" 
Bella's cue prompted everyone to turn their heads in the indicated direction, exposing the unkempt duo. Rochelle couldn't help but wish the ground would instantly swallow her. 
Unfortunately, their discomfort escalated when the lighting technician mistook them for VIPs and directed the spotlight at them. 
This only intensified Paul and Rochelle's embarrassment, making them wish to vanish—much like ostriches burying their heads. 
Luckily, Bella 'graciously' spared them further embarrassment and had her assistant guide them to their
room for a quick touch-up. 
At first, the onlookers held back their laughter. Still, their hilarity burst out uncontrollably when the duo left the hall. 
What could be more satisfying than witnessing the downfall of people you held a grudge against? Nothing could match the thrill of seeing two despised individuals brought low in a single, glorious moment! 
Paul and Rochelle hadn't gone too far when Rochelle overheard the hushed snickers and teasing remarks about them. She couldn't help it; she clenched her fist, and her resentment boiled over. 
She vowed to exact revenge on Elisa and Bella for their heinous acts! 
After sprucing up, Rochelle and Paul made a reappearance. 
They looked sharp and confident, but no one seemed to give a second thought to Paul and Rochelle. 
Everyone was engrossed in their circles or clustered around Elisa and Bella. 
Well, that didn't come about until the course shifted. Subsequently, several folks strolled over and started conversations with Paul. 
So, of course, Paul got right into the social groove, too, leaving Rochelle standing there, feeling out of place and resentful. 
She sipped from the wine glass, acting all cool and unfazed, but her heart raced beneath that calm exterior. To Rochelle's surprise, a deep and manly voice startled her. 
"Excuse me?" 
She assumed someone might be asking her to dance. Her eyes lit up as she turned to see who it was. 
Lo and behold, it was Gareth! 
Rochelle had a moment of surprise before she playfully flicked her hair, pulling off a coy look. 
In fact, Gareth had been on her radar since the beginning. The minute she saw him, she couldn't help but feel envious that Elisa had landed such a good-looking and charming man. 
Meanwhile, she was stuck with Paul, that never-do-good and disgusting old man. 
And it wasn't just that; she'd also looked into Gareth's background and found he was leagues ahead of Paul in accomplishments. 
Rochelle had, in fact, plotted to steal Gareth from under Elisa's nose. 
Unfortunately, the universe never conspired to give her that chance. 
Was this finally the moment she'd been hoping for? 
Honestly, she'd have gladly dropped Paul ages ago if she could! 
Just then, Gareth's voice cut in, "Excuse me..." 
Before he could finish his sentence, Rochelle jumped in, giving a shy nod and saying, "Of course, sure!" 
Gareth looked a bit puzzled. Sure, about what exactly? 
Observing Rochelle's coquettish behavior, he raised an eyebrow in confusion. 
He couldn't help but think, "Really, she's not starting the flirtation right now, is she?" 
Getting a tad severe, Gareth said, "Hello, could you kindly step aside? You're blocking the way." 
Gareth's words were like a bucket of ice water, putting a damper on Rochelle's excitement and rosy daydreams. 
His brow furrowed, a hint of irritation flashing across his face. He couldn't wrap his head around why the woman thought it was a good idea to plant herself at the entrance and cause a jam. 
###chapter1861
Chapter 1863 Executing the Plan
Gareth emerged from his bathroom break, realizing he had two options: find a different entrance or navigate the crowd to get back inside. 
And then there was this woman taking it upon herself to block the entrance aisle. 
Seriously, the nerve! 
Rochelle's face turned beet red—not because she was shy, but because she felt utterly mortified. 
She wished she could melt into the floor as she revisited her fleeting fantasies from a moment ago. 
She lowered her head in a feeble attempt to hide her awkwardness and mumbled, "Sorry," before stepping aside. 
Gareth didn't utter a word, but the disdain in his eyes cut like a knife. 
Rochelle watched as he made a beeline straight for Elisa. 
Even though Elisa wasn't even interacting with him, he stood by her side, silent as a statue. 
Seeing that, Rochelle couldn't help but tighten her grip on her wine glass, her eyes smoldering with frustration. 
Perhaps her intense resentment was written all over her face, and it traveled across the room; somehow, Paul managed to catch that vibe. 
By the time Rochelle shook off her daze, Paul was shooting daggers at her, his gaze a mix of probing and anger. 
Rochelle cursed silently, swiftly averting her gaze. 
However, Paul had no intention of letting her off the hook that easily. 
He smiled at a few company bigwigs, excused himself, red wine glass in hand, and headed for Rochelle. 
Once he got near, he groped her, causing Rochelle to let out a shocked exclamation. 
Paul's expression stayed unchanged; he chuckled and remarked, "You sly little thing just can't keep your hands to yourself when I'm away. Am I not satisfying enough for your appetite?" 
Rochelle acted coyly, quickly shaking her head before nodding in agreement. 
She hurriedly explained, "Mr. Mazel is so powerful as a bulldozer." 
Paul laughed; the next second, his expression turned severe, and he admonished, "Then why did you flirt with another man when I wasn't looking?" 
Rochelle frantically shook her head. 
Paul reached out, pinching her chin and tilting her head back, making her down the rest of the red wine in one gulp—his way of asserting control and disciplining Rochelle. 
Rochelle obliged, swallowing everything and projecting an air of allure. 
Afterward, Paul gently wiped off the wine stain from her lips and whispered, "Good girl, don't forget our mission for tonight." 
Rochelle nodded enthusiastically, her eyes shining with anticipation. 
Throughout the night, Elisa was occupied with networking and giving a toast, leaving little time for Gareth. 
However, he didn't seem bothered. He sat by himself, observing Elisa and occasionally reminding her to pace herself with the drinks. 
Both Paul and Rochelle were well aware of the threat posed by Gareth. 
Besides the fact that any bold moves in his presence would likely fail, his resolute defense of Elisa prevented anyone from steering her away from his watchful gaze. 
So, as the night unfolded, their options were constrained to waiting for an opportunity— for Gareth to exit the scene. 
The passage of time had slipped their notice until a phone call broke the lull. Gareth glanced at his device, uttered something to Elisa, and exited the scene. 
It was a calculated step in Paul's playbook. 
Right after Gareth left, Paul and Rochelle made their way over to Elisa. 
At that very moment, Elisa had just concluded a business chat and focused on Paul and Rochelle. She shifted her focus to Paul and Rochelle, and her cheeks tinged with a faint flush. Her gaze held a touch of frostiness, her tone polite but distant. 
"Can I help you?" 
Paul erupted into a guffaw, playfully nudging Rochelle forward. 
Rochelle held two wine glasses; her unspoken intention was explanatory. 
Paul broke the ice, "Ms. Benett, Rochelle mentioned there might have been a misunderstanding between you two earlier. She's here to offer her apology. And concerning her tenure with the company... would you be open to considering her return? She's held this role for a considerable time, and even if her impact might not have been revolutionary, she has consistently put in the effort, don't you agree?"
###chapter1862
Chapter 1864 Cunning Tactics
Elisa’s lips curled into a wry smile as she mused, “Ah, I knew these sneaky two must be up to something. So, it turns out this is their little scheme, huh?” 
Rochelle timely lifted her wine glass, finding it difficult to articulate her apology. However, she comforted herself with the thought that everything would return to normal after today. 
She said, “Ms. Benett, I admit I was immature and foolish back then. Here’s to making amends and hoping we can move past our disagreements. I know you do not hold grudges, so I ask for your forgiveness.” 
A faint smile played on Rochelle’s lips as she anticipated Elisa’s impending ordeal tonight. This softened her demeanor, adding a touch of authenticity to her somewhat feigned apology. 
Elisa responded with a grin, “Why not? I’m open to it. If you’re keen to return to your previous role at the company, you’d have to go through the hiring process. However, whether you’re rehired relies on your qualifications and abilities—there’s no shortcut.” 
Paul and Rochelle’s faces turned long in an instant. 
Elisa was well aware they were discussing Rochelle’s reinstatement. However, Elisa made it clear that Rochelle would need to undergo the conventional hiring process. 
Did she mean that I have to start from scratch as a junior employee? Would that mean Bella would hold the reins over me? Ridiculous! I won’t stand for their oppression! 
As Rochelle teetered on the brink of losing her cool, Paul shot her a warning glance. 
Gradually, she reined in her frustration and regained her composure. Taking a deep breath, she mustered a somewhat strained smile at Elisa.
“Alright, Ms. Benett. I appreciate the opportunity. How about a toast?” 
Elisa sneered at Rochelle, brushing off the offer. 
Rochelle clutched her glass awkwardly as people strolled past, throwing curious glances and leaving her embarrassed. 
The evening had been a lot of fun for Elisa, but she made sure not to lose control by moderating her drinking pace. 
She took measured sips or feigned sipping. If her wine glass left her line of sight, she wouldn’t touch it again; she’d fetch a new one. 
With all these safeguards, why would she even consider accepting a glass from Rochelle? 
Rochelle took a sip from both glasses and turned to Elisa. “Is this enough to demonstrate my sincerity and convince you that I mean no harm?” 
Elisa smiled and remained silent. Then, she reached for one of the glasses. 
Bringing the glass to her nose, she caught a whiff of the drug’s faint scent. Elisa mused. Well-played, but you didn’t anticipate my detective skills! 
Rochelle had the gut to ingest the drugged wine, meaning she had the antidote. 
Elisa didn’t rush to expose their tactics; instead, she took a drink with a smile. 
Rochelle and Paul watched with bated breath as Elisa sipped, her expression becoming contentment. 
Especially Rochelle, who grinned and said, “Here’s to embracing harmony and starting a new friendship!”
Elisa’s smile stretched across her face, though her eyes didn’t share the same warmth. Following this, Paul and Rochelle excused themselves. Elisa’s eyes followed their departure, her smile taking a malicious twist. Although Glacier Isle was a prized property, with no homes built there, they would have to head back to the hotel near the pier for the night. 
The Harbor View Hotel wasn’t too shabby either. 
Thanks to Elisa’s considerate planning, departure times were staggered at ten, eleven, and twelve o’clock to accommodate varying resting times. 
Elisa herself was part of the last group leaving Glacier Isle, along with others like Bella, Gareth, Rochelle, and several others setting sail at midnight. 
Prior to their departure, Elisa preemptively consumed the antidote, eager to see what schemes Rochelle had cooked up. 
As they stepped onto the ship, Elisa’s steps faltered a little. Gareth was quick to offer support, his concern evident in his eyes. 
Elisa declined his assistance with a slight shake of her head, assuring him she was okay. 
The aftermath of the antidote, combined with the residual effects of the two drugs in her system, left her feeling light-headed. 
Gareth gently pressed his lips together. “Stick close to me later. The ship might sway, and we wouldn’t want you accidentally slipping overboard.” 
Elisa grinned, conveying her resilience. 
While physically weakened, she wasn’t so delicate that a gust of wind could sweep her away.
###chapter1863
Chapter 1865 Exposed?
Once aboard the ship, Elisa rarely stayed alone; instead, she gravitated towards the deck amidst the company of others. 
Actively avoiding isolation, she mingled with fellow attendees, intently monitoring Rochelle’s potential secretive strategy. 
Furthermore, anyone daring to conspire against her should brace for countermeasures. 
Beneath the moon’s glow, Elisa raised her wine glass and downed it swiftly, a subtle smile forming on her lips, hinting at veiled intentions. 
With Elisa refusing to retreat to her room, Rochelle’s nerves went into overdrive. It was plain as day: if Elisa didn’t bunk down in her quarters, her scheming would crumble like a house of cards! What would happen to the painstakingly set-up ‘surprise’ she had tucked away? 
Rochelle turned to Paul, “Do you think she’s catching on? What if she figures it out? What do we do then?” 
Rochelle’s tension was almost tangible, as though Elisa’s presence had cast a foreboding shadow upon her, leaving an indelible mark of fear. 
Paul picked up on Rochelle’s restlessness and pat her shoulder reassuringly, accompanied by a light chuckle. 
“C’mon. Relax okay. We’ve been careful. It’s unlikely she’d pick up on anything! And even if she does, she has no evidence against us.” 
Given Elisa’s penchant for vengeance, discovering the truth would undoubtedly trigger her retaliation.
Rochelle nervously stole a glance at Elisa, who was still merrily mingling. Seeing no red flags, she eased up a little. 
Paul said, “It doesn’t matter if she decides to crash in her room; the drug is already in her body. Sooner or later, the effects will kick in. If she heads back to her room, it’s a gotcha moment, her image in the gutter. If she keeps partying, her true colors get laid bare. It’s a knockout blow, either way.” 
Rochelle nodded as if weighing Elisa’s impending predicament and then smirked. “Man, if only I had more of those pills, I’d also slip one to Bella.” 
A hint of remorse lingered in her voice. Sigh… Too bad! 
Little did she know, Bella was within earshot and caught every word. 
So, this was their plot – drug Elisa and make her dance to their tune. Hmph! Quite the game plan. 
Keeping her urge to pounce in check, Bella pinged Elisa a message. As mad as she was, Bella realized she had to rein it in and not torpedo Elisa’s masterstroke. 
Lucky for them, Elisa saw this coming. She wasn’t going to let these two mischief-makers prevail. 
So, buckle up – the real showdown was on its way. 
Out on the deck, soaking in the breeze, Elisa’s phone buzzed with a message from Bella, filling her in on Rochelle’s little plot. 
A wry grin tugged at Elisa’s lips. After all this time, their tactics were still painfully lowbrow. Apparently, some people never learn. 
After a brief pause, Elisa dialed Bella to share a plan she had concocted.
Bella’s voice buzzed with excitement. Who wouldn’t be thrilled? This was a golden chance for payback! 
Elisa’s plan was nothing short of genius. It was high time Rochelle reaped what she had sown. 
Armed with Elisa’s instructions, Bella sprang into action. 
Tucking her phone away, Elisa leaned back, poised for the spectacle about to unravel. 
Sitting across from her, Gareth raised his wine glass, his gaze steadfastly locked onto Elisa’s. He got a real kick out of watching her outsmart her adversaries. That taste for revenge she had? It was definitely growing on him. 
Who could blame him for finding this cunning and undeniably charming Elisa so intriguing? 
Meanwhile, Rochelle was still riding high on the thrill of impending victory when a waiter broke the news that there might be a hiccup in her plan. 
Without a moment to lose, she hurried toward her room. 
Yet, right in the middle of her rush, a door creaked open. An arm extended, cloth in hand, swiftly covering Rochelle’s nose.
###chapter1864
Chapter 1866 Reaping What Was Sown
In a heartbeat, Rochelle blacked out, slumping to the floor. When she regained her senses, she was sprawled in an unfamiliar room, wait a minute, wasn’t this the same man she had dispatched to Elisa’s room? 
She knew she hadn’t been violated, but the optics of sharing a room with a naked man were a catastrophe waiting to happen if anyone stumbled upon them. Suppressing the urge to throttle the guy, Rochelle tried to shake him awake. 
But the man was out cold from drugs. No amount of shaking seemed to work. 
Beads of sweat formed on Rochelle’s forehead, tracing a path down her face. And then, footsteps sounded outside, spurring her into action like a deer in headlights. 
The steps were closing in, offering Rochelle zero time to think. She ducked into a nearby closet, and that’s when Paul’s voice and a female stranger’s voice drifted in. 
Paul’s voice was tinged with eagerness as he said, “Oh, baby, how I missed you.” 
The woman played the coquette, responding with a saccharine-sweet, “You naughty boy.” 
The sheer sweetness might give anyone cavities. 
They entered the room, wrapped up in their little reunion, blissfully unaware of the man passed out on the bed. 
Rochelle’s mental gears clicked. This must be Paul’s room! D*mn, I’ve been played! 
“What the heck—!”
The woman shrieked, spotting the guy on the bed. She turned her gaze to Paul, asking, “Why’s there a dude here?” 
The unwarranted discovery made the woman question Paul’s sexual orientation. Paul seemed on edge, ready to intervene, but her angry outburst punctured his confidence. 
“How the h*ll would I know?” Paul grumbled, scratching his head with frustration. 
“Probably some id*ot who can’t handle his boozes.” 
Realizing her overreaction, the woman sheepishly apologized. “Um… shall we continue then?” 
Rochelle initially intended to avoid misunderstandings with Paul, so she stayed hidden in the closet. But that didn’t matter now. 
‘Whack!’ 
Rochelle stormed out from the darkness and violently slapped the woman’s face. 
Taken aback by the unexpected figure springing from the closet, the woman’s scream filled the air. 
The woman was a complete stranger to Rochelle – probably a new intern. Who would’ve guessed that Paul would be all chummy with someone new the second she turned her back? This was flat-out cheating and betrayal! 
Anger blazed in Rochelle’s eyes as she pointed an accusatory finger at the woman, unleashing a torrent of curses. “B*tch! You seriously thought you could steal my man?” 
With that, she landed another slap on the woman’s face.
The woman cradled her stinging cheek, tears flowing as she sobbed, cornered by the thought that Paul’s legitimate wife had caught her red-handed. She didn’t dare to put up a fight. 
Paul’s head pounded from the chaos, spiraling into a mess. He yelled, “Shut up, both of you! You’re driving me insane.” 
Catching Rochelle’s bewildered expression, he ignored any explanation. Rochelle charged at him, seemingly wanting to slap him as well. 
Paul forcefully pushed her aside, his anger boiling over. “Know your place. You’re just a mistress.” 
Rochelle stared at Paul, her eyes wide with shock. He had never spoken to her this way before. 
Realizing that Rochelle was also in the same boat as her, a mistress, the woman’s anger flared. She stood up, lunging at Rochelle, ready to fight tooth and nail.
###chapter1865
Chapter 1867 The Opinions
Paul’s patience was fraying due to the commotion. He swung the door open to create space to clear his head. There stood Elisa, flanked by a small group of people. 
Internally, Paul let out a slew of curses. He had half a mind to slam the door shut. After all, this entire mess had been sparked by him, and if it escalated further, his reputation would take a hit. 
Yet, in line with Bella’s grand plan, Paul wouldn’t have things her way. Just as he was about to shut the door, Bella managed to slip through the gap. 
“Oh!” Bella exclaimed, her hand covering her mouth in a well-rehearsed expression of surprise. 
Elisa feigned innocence and asked, “What’s going on?” 
Elisa seemed ready to assess the situation, but Paul swiftly stepped in, his unease evident as he glanced at the group behind Elisa. It would be a catastrophe if they found out what was happening in his room. 
So, conjuring a strained smile, Paul remarked, “Nothing serious, really. Just a minor hiccup, Ms. Benett. No need to bother yourself.” 
His gaze subtly shifted from the crowd to Elisa once again. Paul was determined to keep things under control. 
Paul smiled, “Besides, don’t you have more pressing matters to attend to?” 
Elisa stood her ground, her tone resolute as she stated, “This event is under my hosting. It’s my responsibility to ensure everyone’s safety.” 
She then turned her attention to the crowd behind her, asking, “Would you prefer waiting for me to address this, or should the staff give you a tour in the meantime?”
Paul’s frustration simmered, his teeth grinding, but Elisa’s words left no room for argument. 
He approached Elisa, keeping his voice low for their ears only, his teeth clenched. “Is this your motive? Are you trying to get back at me?” 
Elisa gave him an innocent look and flashed a smile. “Mr. Mazel, I’m not sure what you mean. I’m just here to do my part.” 
Paul’s seething hatred for Elisa made him wish he could lash out, but he forced a smile, concealing his true feelings. He cautioned, “You better not play games with me. You’ll regret it.” 
Stepping back, Elisa remained composed as she replied, “Mr. Mazel, kindly step aside. My role here is official. If you continue to obstruct me, it might raise suspicions about your own intentions.” 
Paul was determined to block her way, but his attempt at shoving her was thwarted mid-action as Gareth intercepted, gripping his hands. 
Gareth remained stoic. 
Applying pressure to Paul’s hand, Gareth elicited a yelp of pain. 
In that fleeting opening, Elisa deftly maneuvered past and entered the room. 
Paul intended to obstruct her, but she had already darted towards the entrance. 
There was no stopping for Elisa now. 
His efforts were futile in preventing Elisa’s entry and halting the group trailing behind her. 
They burst in to find Rochelle and the new intern locked in an intimate embrace. Both seemed rumpled, and a disheveled man lay sprawled on the bed…
No matter the perspective, the scene was unquestionably inappropriate and scandalous. 
Elisa let out an audible ‘tsk’ of disapproval and dismay. She addressed the group, “I suppose we should continue and find somewhere to unwind together…” 
With that, she led the group away. 
Paul couldn’t miss the trace of sarcasm in Elisa’s smile. He knew she had orchestrated this scenario, manipulating the situation to her advantage. Yet, he felt incapacitated to counteract her tactics. 
“D*mn it!” Paul vented his frustration toward the sea. 
As Rochelle finally caught on to what was happening, it was too late for her to intervene. The situation had escalated beyond her control. The office was filled with rumors, each version of the story more exaggerated than the previous one. 
In some accounts, Rochelle and the new intern participated in a threesome with a third person, leading to a disagreement about the sequence of events. 
In one of the narratives, Paul was said to be the cuckold.
###chapter1866
Chapter 1868 Retaliation
Another version making the rounds, possibly the one closest to the truth, suggested that Rochelle and the random guy were involved in a secret affair in Paul's room. 
Meanwhile, Paul had become entangled with his new intern. 
Fate took an unforeseen turn as the four of them happened to cross paths, triggering clashes and tension. 
Rochelle's jealousy led to a physical altercation with the female intern. 
Despite Paul's attempts to intervene, they continued to grapple, forcing him to step back for a moment of respite. 
Much to their surprise, they were discovered in the act of their abominable relationships. 
Elisa's subtle manipulation was naturally woven into this version. She wouldn't let Paul off the hook so easily. Now, he would have a hard time explaining it all to his family. 
Rochelle had calmed down inside Paul's room but struggled to wrap her head around what happened. 
Immediately, Paul terminated the employment of the female intern. As the dust settled, a grim truth dawned upon them: Elisa had intricately woven a trap they had unknowingly entered. 
On the table was Bella's phone, almost like she'd abandoned it when they were in the thick of their rapid-fire planning. 
It became evident that Elisa was the mastermind behind this entire scenario from the outset, leaving their facades shattered. 
Rochelle slumped in disbelief, unable to comprehend how, despite her careful planning, she had fallen prey to Elisa. 
No way. This couldn't be the end of it! She was furious and refused to give in. In this dire situation, there was only one desperate option left… 
A strange glint shimmered in Rochelle's eyes; her gaze fixated on the phone. 
A sinister smile slowly etched on her face. She shared her plan with Paul, who agreed it was worth a shot. 
With the ongoing drama sorted, Elisa was at the bar with Gareth, embracing the gentle breeze. 
The ship was set to dock in thirty minutes. The breeze felt calming and serene—perhaps because dealing with these vexing matters had somewhat eased Elisa's thoughts. 
"Do you want something to drink?" 
Elisa proposed, which she rarely had the mood for the occasion. 
Elisa's suggestion was quite unusual, given the circumstances. 
Of course, Gareth wouldn't turn down the offer, but no waitperson was in sight. So, he decided to take the initiative and grab the drinks. 
At that moment, Elisa's phone buzzed with a message from Bella. "Urgent! Meet me on the deck." 
Elisa's brows furrowed as she tried to call back, but the line was busy. A sense of unease crept over her. Yet, Bella's safety was her priority. 
Without waiting for Gareth's return, she quickly headed to the deck. 
Located on the first floor, the deck had no safety railings – a setup meant for adventurous tourists seeking unobstructed views. However, most visitors would only venture there if secured by safety ropes. 
Elisa didn't want to take risks, so she secured herself with a safety rope before edging closer to the deck's edge. 
"Bella?" Elisa's voice rang out, but there was no response except for the engine's rumbling. 
Growing more concerned, Elisa was about to call out again when a sudden force from behind propelled her forward. 
In an instant, Elisa was in the water, the sea swallowing her up! 
The cold seawater splashed onto her face as she hit the water with a heavy thud. 
Initially, she had intended to use the safety rope to pull herself back up, but even the rope had been tossed into the sea. 
Although it wasn't winter, the seawater was chilling, sending shivers through her body and causing her teeth to chatter uncontrollably. 
Wave after wave crashed over her, and the ship gradually grew smaller in the distance. 
Elisa fought to keep her eyes open and attempted to swim towards the ship. 
However, her body felt increasingly heavy, her eyelids drooping, and her feet cramping painfully. 
Then came another splash. 
Something else had fallen into the water. 
Elisa strained to open her eyes, but the effort proved too much, and she slipped into unconsciousness. 
Is this the end of me? The thought flashed through Elisa's mind as darkness closed in. 
###chapter1867
Chapter 1869 Demise
Back on the ship, hidden within the shadows, Rochelle was taken aback, witnessing Gareth's leap into the water. 
Driven by an instinct to rescue, she swiftly tossed a lifebuoy into the waves. 
The buoy was attached to a rope, giving Rochelle the means to haul Gareth back aboard if she reeled in the line. 
Yet, Gareth was on a mission to save Elisa. He secured the lifebuoy around her just as cramps seized her unexpectedly. 
Taking in the situation, Rochelle paused for a moment. She recalled Paul mentioning Elisa was a seasoned swimmer, so the plan wasn't to drown her. 
Although, there was a part of her that wouldn't have minded if Elisa ended up drowned. Still, Rochelle's intention was to ensure Elisa's survival – not out of concern but to give her a taste of humiliation and a much-needed life lesson. 
But then, out of the blue, Elisa was hit by a sudden cramp, giving the appearance that she was struggling to stay afloat. 
Rochelle couldn't help but find the situation somewhat amusing, entertaining the thought that fate might be playing a hand in her favor. 
Of course, it was precisely then that Gareth chose to intervene. 
"Pull!" 
Gareth clung to the lifebuoy, hollering towards the ship, his voice a plea for anyone to hear and rescue them. 
Amidst all this, Rochelle was caught in a swirl of emotions, torn between conflicting thoughts and decisions. 
The commotion had attracted a crowd from all corners of the ship. 
As the approaching steps grew louder, the urge for vengeance became all-consuming. Consequences be damned, Rochelle was fixed on making Elisa suffer, no matter what. 
She deliberately loosened her grip on the rope, allowing it to slip through her fingers. 
The ship distanced itself, carrying Gareth's figure into the horizon. 
Rochelle didn't linger; there was no room to relish her vengeful satisfaction. 
She swiftly found a hiding spot, fading into the shadows again. 
Bella was the first to reach the scene, noticing Elisa's struggle in the water. Her instinctive response was to dive in and help. 
However, emerging from the shadows, Rochelle's voice tinged with sorrow and reproach. 
"Ms. Wickam, I've never thought you were hiding behind a false front with Ms. Benett. Your pleasant persona was nothing but a cover. How could you betray her like that? Ms. Benett treated you like family, yet you heartlessly pushed her into the sea?" 
Their relationship could have been taken at face value from an external perspective. Still, Rochelle had deliberately marred that impression in front of the others. 
Rochelle's eyes shimmered with tears as she voiced her words, a genuine hint of sadness etched across her face. 
As Rochelle's words hung in the air, Paul arrived on the deck, stepping into the unfolding situation alongside the others. 
The impact of her words was evident as heated discussions ignited among the onlookers. 
"Could it really be Ms. Wickam? Their relationship seemed rock-solid, and Ms. Benett was incredibly kind to her..." 
"Agreed, but Ms. Wickam isn't rushing to clear things up either. What's going on here?" 
"I can't believe Ms. Benett had plummeted into the sea. No way. This can't be real!" 
Absolutely unbelievable! Elisa was regarded almost like a divine presence, practically worshipped by everyone, given her reputation. And she just vanished like that, swallowed up by the waves, without a trace? 
For the majority, the primary focus remained on rescuing Elisa. 
Paul was a little smug and was about to step in and pronounce Bella's guilt when someone shouted, "We must turn back immediately." 
The others finally snapped into action, racing to reach the ship's captain. Paul's countenance took a swift turn for the grim. 
Rochelle planned to stretch out the time before rescue attempts, but an unknowing troublemaker botched her plan. 
With a resentful glare, she aimed her frustration at the person who unwittingly screwed up her plan – funnily enough, the same dude who had invited Elisa to dance earlier. 
Her teeth clenched, and she refrained from uttering a word. 
Rochelle kept her teeth clenched as the ship got into reverse mode, silently hoping for the sea to swallow Elisa whole. 
Maybe, by some strange quirk, her plea was answered. But she realized the ship was already miles away as the puzzle pieces clicked. 
When they finally got the captain's attention and begged for a course change, all that was on the horizon was the boundless sea. 
###chapter1868
Chapter 1870 Slander
Moonlight kissed the sea, setting its waves aglow, and Elisa was nowhere to be found, entirely off the grid. 
Rochelle breathed out a mixture of relief and sorrow. It was a pity that someone as remarkable as Gareth would meet such a tragic end... 
Too bad. It had to be that way. 
Rochelle's expression turned steely, resolute in removing any obstacles from her path. 
Snapping back to reality, the man who had initially invited Elisa to dance was about to dive into the sea, searching for her. 
But Paul interjected. He looked at the crowd and announced, "I get that we're all concerned about Ms. Benett, and I am too. However, in her absence, my responsibility is the safety of everyone present. It's wiser to wait until we're on solid ground before seeking assistance." 
With Paul's words, the crowd's resistance dwindled. 
Bella had been lost in a daze, but now she snapped back to her senses, determined to leap into the sea and rescue Elisa. Her sudden action sent shockwaves through the crowd, leaving them gasping in horror. 
However, fate played a double-edged game. Bella's intentions were thwarted. 
Rochelle swiftly intervened, halting her in her tracks. Their struggle ended in a tumble onto the deck, with Rochelle managing an unexpected feat—positioning herself astride Bella. 
Bella murmured in a daze, "Let me go… let me go down..." 
Rochelle's response was a slap that seemed to hush the world. 
With a grip on Bella's collar, Rochelle's tone oozed menace, "Don't think dying will clear your guilt. Legal consequences await you!" 
The onlookers were bewildered by the dramatic turn of events. Despite the confusion, many had faith that Bella was no culprit. 
Eventually, Bella regained her composure. Her conscience reawakened, and her gaze locked onto Rochelle. Briefly, Rochelle caught a glimpse of Elisa's essence in Bella's gaze. 
A chill crawled down her spine, compelling her to release her grip on Bella. 
Bella regained her footing with a bit of support, and she squarely faced Rochelle. "You're accusing me of pushing Elisa off the ship, but everyone at the company knows how close she and I were. Why on earth would I do something like that? What could my motive possibly be?" 
Rochelle was caught off guard. Then, after a moment of realization, she straightened herself and locked eyes with Bella, speaking with newfound confidence, "Who can really know what you were thinking? You've proven you can be pretty extreme, and your motives? Anyone's guess! Maybe you had some sneaky agenda or were gunning to replace her? And heck! You didn't even save your cousin
– I saw you had the chance to rescue Mr. Wickam earlier, but you let him slip away!" 
The crowd only just realized that Gareth had also fallen overboard. 
Bella stood there, momentarily stunned, shaking her head as she stepped back, a clear sense of devastation on her face. How could this have happened? Both Gareth and Elisa had fallen off the ship. How am I supposed to explain all this to Grandma? 
Bella sat there, cradling her head in anguish, lost in silence. In the midst of this, Paul motioned to a nearby waiter. 
The waiter hesitated a bit and then stepped forward, saying, "I saw it happen. This lady here pushed Ms. Benett into the water. Even though Ms. Benett cried out for help, she just ignored her. By the time I realized Ms. Benett was gone from the surface. Her last words were, 'So your text message was a trap.'" 
Camden, who had asked Elisa to dance, piped up, "Why didn't you speak up earlier?" 
Slowly, the crowd started to connect the dots, gazing at the waiter with puzzled expressions. If this story was true, why wasn't she the first on the scene instead of Rochelle? 
For a brief moment, the waiter looked panicked, glancing between Paul and Rochelle. 
Rochelle stated, "She was too scared, that's why! Who'd dare mess with Ms. Wickam? She didn't even try saving her cousin when he drowned!"
###chapter1869
Chapter 1871 Awakening
The waitress nodded enthusiastically as Rochelle spoke. 
Camden was about to interject, but Paul cut in. "Hold up, let's not get into this now. First, let's find out the context of that message she mentioned." 
With the order given, Rochelle quickly took hold of Bella's phone. She scrolled through it, then raised it for everyone to see, a triumphant expression on her face. 
The screen displayed the text message Bella had sent to Elisa. 
"With both accounts and evidence on hand, what else can you say in your defense?" 
Paul breathed a small sigh of relief. The situation seemed surprisingly manageable, likely due to Elisa's uncertain fate and Bella's evident distress and denial. Without further ado, Paul instructed to have Bella tied up and confined to her cabin. 
Bella didn't put up a fight, her demeanor steady. 
"The rest of you... head back to your rooms now, and don't worry about this. I've already informed the police, and they'll handle things once we're back on land." 
The others hesitated but had no choice but to retreat to their rooms. With Elisa missing, Paul's authority took precedence. 
Camden felt a sense of unease. Bella's conviction felt too convenient, and there was something off about the waitress. Questions lingered around this incident. Yet, Paul shut down any further inquiry. 
Back in his room, Camden stared at the expanse of the sea, hoping for a glimmer of hope. 
Once they docked, the police took control of the situation. Aside from Bella, Rochelle and the waitress were taken in for questioning. The rest were escorted away from the scene by the police. 
Camden intended to join them, but Paul's interference and indirect involvement refrained him from doing so. 
Before leaving, Camden took one last deep look at the expanse of sea, and his gaze settled on Paul, who was overseeing the proceedings. He had a premonition that things were about to change. 
... 
Subsequently, Elisa woke up to unfamiliar surroundings. 
The cottage, constructed with high wooden beams and walls made from locally sourced materials, stood as a testament to the villagers' daily life. The air carried a sense of rustic simplicity. 
Initially blank like an untouched canvas, Elisa's mind was now flooded with memories from before her unconsciousness, triggering a throbbing ache in her head. 
"Feeling alright? Any discomfort?" 
A voice she recognized reached her ears, and she turned towards it. Gareth, clad in rough clothing, strode purposefully, holding a bowl. 
Elisa studied him, a touch of surprise in her gaze. 
"You..." 
Gareth didn't wait for her response, forging ahead with, "How are you feeling?" 
Elisa instinctively held her head and groaned, "My head..." 
The moment the words left her lips, she was startled by the raspiness of her voice. 
"My head..." 
She repeated, confirming that the voice was indeed hers. 
This... 
Elisa directed her attention to Gareth, a multitude of questions in her gaze. 
Gareth could sense her curiosity. Setting the bowl down, he assisted her in sitting against the backrest. He explained, "I imagine you're wondering a lot right now. I'll take my time to fill you in on everything." 
Elisa nodded in agreement. 
Gareth proceeded, "Back on the ship, I briefly stepped away from the bar. However, upon my return with the wine, you were gone. I asked around and found out that you had headed toward the deck. So, I followed. But as I reached the deck, you had mysteriously disappeared. As I thought of giving up and turning back, I heard your cry for help. Sadly, you had already fallen into the sea at that point."
###chapter1870
Chapter 1872 Healing
Gareth took a moment, recollecting when he saw Elisa plummeting into the icy sea, on the verge of being swallowed by its depths. The memory of his anxiety and fear was vivid. 
Fortunately, he was able to rescue her. 
Gareth shut his eyes briefly, and his thoughts were clear upon reopening them. 
He conveyed, "After that, you lost consciousness, and I managed to float us here. The villagers in this area helped us out. The saltwater probably irritated your throat, so you'll need time to recover. Take this tonic; it's a local remedy for throat discomfort." 
With these words, he lifted the bowl intending to feed Elisa. 
However, she declined, signaling that she would handle it herself. "I can handle it myself." 
Seeing her determination, Gareth refrained from pushing, although a hint of disappointment flashed across his eyes. 
The tonic went down with an unpleasant taste, even causing Elisa to grimace as she swallowed it. 
Whether due to the placebo effect or its actual effectiveness, Elisa felt a notable soothing sensation in her throat after taking the medicine. 
Curious, she asked, "How long was I out?" 
Recalling that it had been nighttime when she fell into the sea and now seeing the sun high above,
along with her weakened state and feverish feeling, she assumed it must have been quite a while since she lost consciousness. 
"Three days," Gareth responded. 
No wonder her body felt so achy. Deprived of nourishment for three days, it was like going without food, pushing her limits. 
If Elisa didn't wake up sooner, Gareth would be contemplating nudging her awake. 
As if a thought had struck him, Gareth probed, "Did you manage to see the person who pushed you?" 
Shaking her head, Elisa clarified, "No, I couldn't see the person's face. But I have a gut feeling about who it might be." 
Raising an eyebrow, Gareth encouraged her to elaborate. 
She said, "The strength behind the push wasn't overpowering, probably a woman. I noticed her recently manicured nails, painted in vibrant colors. Most telling, though, was the distinct fragrance she wore. I've only associated that scent with one person." 
Their eyes met, and in almost perfect unison, they uttered the name. 
"Rochelle." 
They exchanged a knowing smile, understanding each other without needing words. No conversation was required; they were already on the same wavelength. 
Elisa playfully teased, "Mr. Wickam, have you become an expert on Rochelle's perfume?" 
While a jest, Gareth responded with a resolute shake of his head. 
"But I do know there's only one woman who bears a grudge against you to this extent, who you're quite familiar with and desperately wants you dead." 
Indeed, no one else but Rochelle fit the bill. 
Elisa nodded in agreement. 
She glanced afar, her gaze ablaze with determination. 
"Rochelle dared to lay hands on me; she better brace herself for what's coming. Once I'm back, Rochelle and Paul will face my wrath." 
It was almost sure that Paul had a hand in this. 
Even more crucially, after Elisa's disappearance, Paul would rise to the company's top ranks. His influence would sway many shareholders, granting him a tight grip on the company's reins. 
And inevitably, Bella would bear the brunt of his targeting and suppression. 
More crucially, with the imminent board meeting just two months away, Paul was bound to pull out all the stops to twist the votes in his favor, effectively booting her out of the company. 
By the time she'd be ready to return, the company's ownership could have switched hands. 
Gareth chimed in to comfort her, "Don't overthink it now. Once you're back on your feet, we'll return immediately." 
Elisa mustered a wry smile. 
Easier said than done. The journey back could prove to be an uphill battle. 
Both of them were acutely aware of this reality.
###chapter1871
Chapter 1873 A Hidden Paradise
Three more days had slipped since Elisa had woken up in the rustic thatched cottage. 
Over this time, Gareth had been diligently bringing her meals and herbal remedies. Although Elisa couldn't quite decipher the local plants he used, their effects were undeniable. 
As each day passed, Elisa felt her throat healing and her strength returning. However, she couldn't help but be puzzled by the strange wounds on Gareth's body. 
He seemed to be deliberately concealing them, avoiding her gaze whenever they were visible. 
He deftly changed the subject when she asked about them or offered vague explanations. 
This puzzling behavior continued for the first few days but seemed to ease by the third. 
On the fourth day, Elisa stretched indolently and gazed out the window. "The sun looks inviting today. How about taking a stroll?" 
Gareth hesitated for a moment, showing no clear opposition. 
And so, the two of them ventured out of the thatched cottage. As they stepped outdoors, they unexpectedly crossed paths with an elderly woman heading back from the fields, carrying a bundle of freshly harvested crops. 
The woman noticed Gareth and greeted him warmly. Elisa serendipitously observed Gareth, assuming someone as reserved as him might brush off such interactions. 
Much to Elisa's surprise, Gareth beamed and warmly waved at the elderly woman. 
"Back already, Granny." 
The old woman nodded and then shifted her gaze toward Elisa. A glint of wisdom shone in her eyes as she spoke in an unfamiliar dialect and accent, "This must be the girl you went to save, huh? She's a real beauty, even lovelier than the chief's daughter." 
Though Elisa didn't fully grasp the words, she caught the sentiment – the old woman was giving her a compliment, which was intended kindly. Elisa responded with a friendly smile. 
The old woman's delight grew even more apparent. 
Gareth leaned toward Elisa and whispered, "Granny rescued us on the beach. We've been staying at her place. This village is also home to a native community. She's a good soul." 
After explaining, Gareth stole a glance at Elisa. "Just to clarify, she changed your clothes, not me." 
Hearing this, Elisa awkwardly adjusted her attire. 
Upon awakening, the first thing she noticed was her different outfit. Though it made her a tad uncomfortable, she understood the necessity of the situation. So, she decided not to dwell on it. 
Absolutely, Elisa had gotten a solid grasp on Gareth's character. 
Over the days they had spent together, Elisa's initial wariness and awkwardness around him had melted away. She realized that her judgments of him had been off the mark. With the
misunderstandings cleared up, their interactions were no longer strained like before; it was as if an invisible barrier had been lifted. 
After bidding farewell to the elderly woman, Gareth guided Elisa to further explore the village. 
Having been confined within the small cottage for an extended period, Elisa felt like she had transformed into a frog at the bottom of a well, almost growing roots in bed. 
Only when she stepped outdoors did she realize the existence of an unexplored paradise. The island was encompassed by numerous palm and coconut trees. It resembled a tiny haven, constantly drenched in pleasant weather and clear skies. Furthermore, the water here possessed a crystalline clarity, allowing one to see right through to the bottom. 
The sole distinction from specific coastal tourist destinations back home was the untainted air and the genuine simplicity of the locals. This place remained unspoiled by the contamination of industry or modern living. 
It felt pristine, akin to a sanctuary. 
Elisa observed that the island was peppered with the same style of tiny houses she was lodging in – all properties of the elderly woman. They bore an uncanny resemblance, so much that she wondered if someone might accidentally wander into the wrong one. 
However, nestled amidst these houses, a larger structure caught her attention. Unlike the others, which were constructed from mud, this one was crafted from bricks and cement. It was encircled by a fence and boasted a garden. 
###chapter1872
Chapter 1874 Anna
Elisa pointed at the distinctive house and turned her head to ask, "Why does that house look different?" 
Gareth glanced at it and snorted coldly, "That's the chief's house." 
It was evident that Gareth had some beef with the village chief. Still, since he didn't elaborate, Elisa refrained from prying. 
She nodded, and they continued on their walk. The afternoon sun was casting a warm glow, and the village was coming alive with more people going about their evening routines, painting a serene scene. 
Whispers floated around the onlookers. 
"Hey, are those the strangers Mrs. Kella discovered?" 
"Yeah! Did you catch a glimpse of the girl? She's even more beautiful than the village chief's daughter." 
"Forget about it. Those two are a perfect fit. And don't forget, Mrs. Kella has a son. No use getting your hopes up." 
"Watch your words. Don't forget..." 
Before the sentence could be completed, an incisive voice cut in, "Who did you say is the perfect fit?" 
All eyes turned to the voice's origin, landing on a stunning and charismatic young woman wielding a whip. Her gaze was locked onto the couple strolling along the beach, a fierce intensity in her glare. 
The sun-kissed lifestyle had left its mark on the locals, including the young lady, who sported a well- tanned complexion. The sun had gifted them a uniform bronzed hue, lending them a distinctive, primal allure. 
As the young woman appeared, a hushed tension seemed to settle among the onlookers. Particularly the person who had just spoken about the couple's suitability; they instinctively covered their own mouth in remorse. 
"My bad, Anna, I messed up." 
The young lady, addressed as Anna, let out a slight scoff, a touch of petulance tainting her otherwise striking appearance. 
She was attractive, though her charm seemed to fade slightly compared to Elisa's. 
Anna cracked her whip, the sharp sound seeming almost painfully resonant. 
"I'm curious to see how good-looking this woman is." 
With those words, Anna advanced toward the couple with an assertive stride. 
The bystanders' hopes were pinned on the well-being of the beautiful and innocent Elisa. Some chose to make a hasty retreat, avoiding any possible encounters with Anna to steer clear of unforeseen trouble. 
Meanwhile, Gareth observed the approaching figure, his brow furrowing. 
He whispered to Elisa, "The village chief's daughter is quite headstrong. She's fond of wielding her whip. Be careful." 
Elisa grinned playfully, teasing him, "Looks like she's taken a liking to you, huh? And it seems I've become her competition." 
Gareth chuckled, his helplessness evident. "Hey, we're in the same boat now. You'll need to help me out." 
"Of course." 
Given how Gareth had risked his life by jumping into the sea for her, Elisa felt obligated to return the favor. After all, dealing with some romantic interest on his behalf shouldn't be too challenging. 
Over here, Anna swiftly walked up to Gareth and Elisa, extending her arms to obstruct their path. 
Her gaze remained riveted on Gareth, a blend of infatuation and fondness evident in her eyes. Only this outsider, Gareth, was deserving of her attention. As for Elisa... 
She'd make a swift exit from this place once and for all if she had any sense. 
Anna fumed as she observed the playful interaction between the two, her irritation palpable. Her gaze lingered on Elisa, a fleeting moment of envy and resentment crossing her expression, her words dripping with condescension. 
"And who might you be? Your name?" 
Anna lifted her chin, her attitude bordering on rudeness. 
Elisa, however, seemed unfazed, responding with a smile, "I'm Elisa. And you?" 
Anna hadn't expected Elisa to be so good-natured, and she hesitated momentarily before sharing her name. 
Anna was taken aback by Elisa's cheerful disposition, pausing slightly before revealing her own name. 
"I'm Anna. So, what's the connection between you and Gareth?" 
Elisa's smile grew, her eyes twinkling. 
###chapter1873
Chapter 1875 Subconscious Protection
Despite her disdain for Anna, there was no denying that Elisa exuded an undeniable beauty and an air of grace. Her allure differed from the locals', an unmatched rarity, the kind you'd encounter once in a lifetime. 
Elisa casually intertwined her fingers with Gareth's, a smile curving his lips. 
He reciprocated the gesture, their connection evident. Addressing Anna, Elisa remarked, "As you can see, this is where we stand." 
Anna's anger flared, her whip cracking through the air, a sharp sound accompanying its motion. 
Undaunted, Elisa faced her with unwavering resolve while Gareth stood resolute. Their postures radiated unison and confidence. 
With her whip raised, Anna aimed at Elisa. The onlookers averted their eyes, unable to witness the potential harm to such a beautiful woman. No one wanted to see her beauty marred. 
In the pivotal moment, Gareth intervened, intercepting the strike. 
A fresh wound marked his hand, blood trickling down in thin lines. Despite Anna's effort to retrieve her whip, Gareth gripped it firmly, determined to shield Elisa from Anna's aggression. 
Anna shot him an annoyed look, suggesting Gareth was some kind of letdown that had deserted her. 
Elisa furrowed her brow and moved closer, reaching out to take the whip from Gareth's hand. Her eyes reflected an unexpected mix of concern and compassion. 
She asked gently, "Are you okay?" 
Touched by her consideration, Gareth felt his injuries were justified. He shook his head, signaling that he was fine. 
Elisa exasperatedly scolded him, "Why did you block it for me? You knew I'd dodge, didn't you? You knew the whip wouldn't hurt me!" 
She held onto Gareth's hand, the one he was trying to pull away, and carefully pried open his clenched fingers, revealing the cut in his palm. It looked gory; it must have hurt a great deal. 
"It was a reflex," 
Gareth remarked. He knew there was a high chance of Elisa dodging the whip, but he couldn't bear any risk of her getting hurt. 
Moreover, his purpose of making Elisa concerned for him had been achieved. 
Elisa pursed her lips and didn't say anything. Gareth understood that she was angry. 
Before he could say anything, Elisa picked up the whip and faced the astonished Anna. Before Anna could react, Elisa fiercely lashed out. 
Anna closed her eyes, anticipating the pain that never came. 
When she opened her eyes, she saw her beloved whip split into two pieces by Elisa's action. She was taken aback, a mixture of confusion, embarrassment, and rage clouding her expression. 
"Who do you think you are?!" 
With confidence, Elisa retorted, "Someone who's fearless." 
Anna tried to respond but faltered before she could utter her retort. 
Elisa stood her ground, stating firmly, "I couldn't care less about your identity or how highly you regard yourself. We're governed by laws and regulations, and I'm sure your village has its own customs and rules. Garry and I ended up here due to unavoidable circumstances. We apologize if we unknowingly went against your local norms and are prepared to face any consequences." 
"But what bothers me is your misuse of power to fulfill your desires. You can't intimidate or attempt to pull us apart! It's rather astonishing that the chief's daughter behaves so ruthlessly, wielding her whip to suppress those who are vulnerable and innocent!" 
Nobody had ever confronted Anna like this, especially not with such a stern scolding. Elisa was the first! 
Throughout her life, Anna had been showered with praise and allowances by her parents and the villagers, fostering the belief that she was a privileged woman who could throw tantrums without consequences. 
The villagers held a mixture of respect and fear toward her. While she found this dynamic a bit peculiar —she never had friends—Anna had grown accustomed to it. 
And now, someone boldly asserted that her behavior was wrong. Anna's heart swelled with a tumult of emotions.
###chapter1874
Chapter 1876 Hardship
As Elisa moved away, the crowd buzzed with discussions. 
"Did that stranger woman just give Anna a reality check?" 
"Seems like it, right?" 
"Man, I was so worried for a moment there. I thought Anna might give her a beating. But... this time, the village chief might not let them off the hook." 
"Who knows? Let's hope things don't escalate." 
... 
Elisa paid no attention to the aftershocks of her words on Anna or the chatter. She walked along with Gareth back to the cottage. 
On the way, Gareth leaned onto Elisa, playing up his injuries. Elisa felt a bit strained having a guy who stood well over six feet tall leaning on her, despite his gentle attempt. 
Elisa couldn't help but tease, "Really? It's just your hand, not your legs." 
Gareth stayed quiet, gesturing that his injuries were more serious. 
Elisa let it go, continuing to support him. 
Unbeknownst to Elisa, Gareth wore a satisfied grin. In reality, Elisa knew that Gareth's actions were a
calculated move. 
Gareth was well aware that Elisa had caught onto his little ruse. 
Still, it was a fact that he had taken a hit while trying to protect her. Recognizing this, Elisa opted not to rehash the issue and continued to lend her support as they walked. 
Her attention shifted to Anna. Gareth's expression tightened, his tone growing rigid as if he was revisiting an unpleasant memory. 
Elisa's curiosity got the best of her, prompting her to barrage him with questions. 
Gareth raised an eyebrow and joked, "Getting a bit green-eyed, Mrs. Wickam?" 
Elisa rolled her eyes, slightly annoyed. "Seriously? You can't honestly believe the act I put on for Anna, right? We both know it was just a front, alright! If you don't want to spill the beans, that's fine, but don't try to veer off with flimsy distractions." 
In this exchange, Gareth clearly found himself at a disadvantage. He didn't want Elisa to misconstrue his relationship with Anna. So, even if Elisa hadn't probed, he would explain to her anyway. 
"After Mrs. Kella saved us and I regained consciousness, I discovered this island is isolated. The people here don't go to school; they only learn how to fish and climb trees to pick coconuts. I helped Mrs. Kella with whatever I could. One day, while I was fishing, I met Anna." 
He left out the rest of the story: Anna attempted to kidnap him forcibly and coerce him into being her husband. 
How crazy was that? 
Elisa nodded and clicked her tongue disapprovingly. 
"But seriously, do you also happen to have a thing for Anna? I mean, she's got an exotic look, and she's pretty. If you win her over, she can help us get out of here." 
Elisa chuckled at her words and added, "Oh, wait, never mind, you probably wouldn't be able to leave." 
Gareth knew she was joking but couldn't help rolling his eyes in response. "You think handing me over to Anna would solve all our problems?" 
Arching an eyebrow, Elisa persisted, "Then what else can we do?" 
Gareth sighed and began explaining what he had gleaned about their predicament. 
"As I mentioned, this place is cut off from the outside world. There are ships, sure, but only one compass, which the village chief keeps. They call that compass the 'direction mobile' and treasure it like gold. Giving it away wouldn't be in the cards. Plus, that small boat isn't a safe bet at all. We've got no clue how long we'd be floating out there, and once the waves hit..." 
He trailed off without completing the sentence. 
Elisa grasped the immense challenge of finding a way back home. 
###chapter1875
Chapter 1877 Change of Power
Elisa couldn't help but think about Bella and the rest. The company must be in utter chaos now, and Paul would seize the chance to take control. And that's precisely what happened. 
No one had foreseen the company would undergo such a massive upheaval following the celebration banquet. 
Elisa's sudden disappearance into the sea and various clues all pointed to Bella's involvement. She had become a prime suspect and was currently undergoing questioning at the police station. 
The authorities had stepped in, and even the coast guard had joined the search for Elisa, but she remained untraceable. The night felt endless, and despite two full days of searching, the search radius had stretched to twenty kilometers, yet not a shred of evidence had emerged. 
In truth, everyone was grappling with the harsh reality that Elisa's chances of making it were slim... 
As for whether Bella held the key to Elisa's fate, opinions were sharply divided. 
Back at the office, a voice claimed, "It's Bella, no doubt about it. There's evidence and witnesses. If it's not her, then who? She's probably gunning for control, but Ms. Benett underestimated her." 
Others countered, "How could that be? Everyone knows Ms. Wickam and Ms. Benett were thick as thieves. With Ms. Benett in the picture, Ms. Wickam's future would've been golden. She can't be that delusional, right? If I were her, I'd stick to Ms. Benett like glue." 
"Ms. Wickam's no longer calling the shots," 
Rochelle's sharp voice interjected as she breezed into the office area, exuding a palpable bitterness. 
Her eyes swept across the room, eventually locking onto the individual who had spoken moments earlier. 
Her lips twitched slightly as she added, "If you're so hell-bent on walking the same path as Elisa, I won't be the one to hold you back." 
The person promptly clammed up, reluctant to utter another word. 
Rochelle's entrance brought a sudden silence to the room. With Elisa gone, Paul's power surged, and Bella was still scrutinized. Naturally, Rochelle had reclaimed her position. 
Those who hadn't given Rochelle her due respect in the past had faced consequences under various guises—some were demoted to less prominent roles. In contrast, others were simply shown the door. 
Most chose the demotion route, as those cast aside by the Lin family found it tough to land solid positions within the industry. 
The rest avoided stirring the pot, keeping their heads down. Only a handful of opportunistic types managed to thrive... 
Meanwhile, at the police station, following a grueling round of questioning, Bella was informed she needed to maintain her cooperation with the ongoing investigation. 
"Why? The chain of evidence isn't even complete. I should be out of here!" Bella challenged the police,
her eyes bloodshot and full of frustration. 
Bella seemed to have aged inwardly and outwardly in just a matter of days. Her appearance bore the marks of the trauma she had been through. 
The police officers remained tight-lipped, merely locking the door. 
Bella impatiently ran her hands through her hair in frustration. She didn't need much thought to know that Paul was orchestrating this. 
Her time in custody had drained her both physically and mentally. 
She had never felt this level of exhaustion, as if a truck had run over her body. But the weight on her heart was even heavier. The fact that Elisa was gone, and Gareth too... 
Bella slumped against the wall, a look of helplessness in her eyes as she silently prayed for their safety. 
She couldn't fathom how Julia would receive the news upon finding out about all of this... 
Meanwhile, Elisa remained oblivious, living with Gareth in the cottage. 
Occasionally, she pitched in with some farm work for Mrs. Kella within her abilities. As the days passed, she grew fond of the hardworking and kind Mrs. Kella. In a way, she was like a grandmother to Elisa. 
However, whenever thoughts of the company crossed her mind, she couldn't help but become anxious and overwhelmed with worry.
###chapter1876
Chapter 1878 Bashed Him up for Good
Elisa kept feeling like something terrible was going to happen. 
She expressed concern to Gareth, but he said, "Don't worry about it. It's pointless to mull over it at this point. Just treat this as a vacation." 
Thus, Elisa did not say anything but continued prepping the vegetables. 
A heavy silence fell between them. 
Elisa had foraged these wild vegetables a few days earlier with Mrs. Kella. They were delicious as salads. 
Meanwhile, Gareth chopped firewood nearby. 
He was intelligent and a quick learner. It only took him a few days to grasp the skill. 
They each focused on their tasks and were reasonably well-adjusted to life in this village. 
Despite all the troubles they had experienced, Elisa considered themselves fortunate because Anna never bothered them again. 
It felt pretty lovely living peacefully like this. 
At the same time, Elisa and Gareth devised plans to steal the compass and escape. 
Unfortunately, an annoying person put a wedge in their plan. 
Elisa woke up early one morning and left her room to wake Gareth up in the hut next door. 
She noticed a rowdy-looking young man moving around suspiciously as she entered the yard. 
The man jumped in surprise when he saw her leaving the house. 
However, his eyes gleamed after he took in her appearance. 
He rubbed his hands obscenely and asked, "Who are you?" 
Elisa did not answer him but directed the same question to him. "Who are you? Why are you here?" 
The man laughed loudly as if he had heard a funny joke. 
Once he was done laughing, he said, "This is my grandmother's house, and you asked why I'm here?" 
Elisa's gaze darkened. 
He must be the delinquent grandson Mrs. Kella mentioned. There are always a few unruly hooligans in every society. 
The man leered at Elisa and wanted to say something. 
However, his voice woke Gareth and Mrs. Kella, and they exited the house. 
Seeing the young man, Mrs. Kella rushed to him and shouted furiously, "Sodo, why are you here?" 
Sodo grinned nonchalantly. "Grandma, what are you saying? I'm your grandson. Why can't I be here?" 
Mrs. Kella did not reply but glared at him. 
Sodo shrugged and walked around with his hands behind his back. He glanced at Elisa from time to time. 
Gareth noticed his gaze. He went to Elisa and stood before her, blocking her from Sodo's view. 
Sodo cursed under his breath and hurried to Mrs. Kella. He tugged her arm and whispered something into her ear. 
Initially, Mrs. Kella was unwilling to talk to him. Unfortunately, she gave in after his insistence. 
They left elsewhere to talk. 
Gareth turned around and asked concernedly, "Did he do something to you?" 
Elisa shook her head. 
They waited for Mrs. Kella in the yard. 
However, Mrs. Kella suddenly stormed into the yard and grabbed a broom before leaving again. 
Then, they heard noises like Mrs. Kella hitting Sodo with the broom. 
Furthermore, Sodo was howling. 
Mrs. Kella kept hitting him while scolding him in their local dialect. 
Although Elisa and Gareth could not understand what Mrs. Kella said, they could tell from her tone that she was scolding Sodo. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances and saw confusion in each other's eyes. 
However, they were not surprised. 
They had lived with Mrs. Kella for some time. She had told them about her useless grandson. 
Judging from what she said, he was likely a jobless delinquent. 
Fortunately for him, Mrs. Kella had a good reputation among the villagers. Thus, the villagers did nothing to Sodo, allowing him to live undisturbed. Otherwise, they would have long bashed him up for good. 
###chapter1877
Chapter 1879 The Warriors' Tournament
A series of commotions sounded from outside. Suddenly, Sodo stumbled into view and shouted toward the yard, "Elisa! I'll marry you after the warriors' tournament!" 
He let out a scream after that. 
It was because Mrs. Kella hit him, sending him running away. 
Then, Mrs. Kella returned to the yard, grumbling under her breath. She was probably scolding Sodo. 
Elisa asked curiously, "Mrs. Kella, what's the warriors' tournament?" 
Mrs. Kella's expression turned strange. She looked at them and sighed. 
"Did you hear everything?" 
Elisa and Gareth stayed silent, amounting to a quiet affirmation. 
Mrs. Kella grumbled. "Sodo, that br*t, keeps causing trouble. I told them not to let him come here. This is bad…" 
Her usually rosy face suddenly turned ashen. 
Elisa and Gareth were even more confused. 
Mrs. Kella sighed and looked at them. "Are you sure you want to know?" 
Gareth turned to Elisa. The latter nodded. 
Mrs. Kella closed the gate and locked it before hurrying into the house. 
She did not slow down as she said, "Please follow me." 
Elisa found the matter suspicious. What is it that we need to talk about it behind closed doors? 
She and Gareth exchanged glances before following Mrs. Kella. 
Once in the house, Mrs. Kella opened three coconuts and poured coconut water into a few cups before serving them to Elisa and Gareth. 
Elisa accepted it and took a sip. It felt refreshing. 
The weather was hot in the fishing village at this time of the year. Furthermore, the sunlight was so intense that her skin felt in danger of sunburn. 
With abundant sunlight and warm temperature, it was no wonder everyone in this village had beautifully tanned skin. 
The coconut water was not chilled. In other words, there was not a refrigerator anywhere in this village. 
Still, the coconuts were cool when stored indoors. Moreover, the water from the newly opened coconuts was surprisingly cold and refreshing to drink. 
Meanwhile, Mrs. Kella hesitated on how she should bring up the matter. 
It was only until Elisa finished half a cup of the coconut water that Mrs. Kella said, "Your arrival coincided with the warriors' tournament, an important event held in this village once every three years. Everyone will take a break from work and gather together on that day." 
Elisa nodded to indicate that she understood. 
That sounds like a New Year celebration. Perhaps even more significant. 
After all, New Year is celebrated yearly, but the warriors' tournament happens once every three years. 
Mrs. Kella continued, "Only men can participate in this warriors' tournament. They have to go through three challenges. The final winner gets to request something from the village chief, and the village chief cannot refuse." 
Elisa nodded. 
Gareth's expression darkened. He gripped the cup so tightly that he nearly crushed it. 
He finally understood what Sodo said. 
Will he win the tournament and ask the village chief to force Elisa to marry him? 
What makes him think he can succeed? 
Gareth said, "Mrs. Kella, does the village chief have to agree to the request even if it's not within his
power?" 
Mrs. Kella nodded. 
That's why he is so confident about forcing Elisa to marry him. 
He is rotten to the core. 
Even without considering whether the village chief can fulfill his wish, what makes him think he can win the warriors' tournament? 
Gareth considered briefly before asking, "In that case, can an outsider join this tournament?" 
Mrs. Kella instantly figured out that Gareth wanted to join. 
She waved her hands in protest and shook her head, indicating to Gareth that he should not join the warriors' tournament. 
"Why not?" Elisa turned to Mrs. Kella with a confused expression. 
Why can't Gareth join the tournament? 
Didn't Sodo say he's joining it? 
Mrs. Kella looked into their eyes and knew what they were thinking.
###chapter1878
Chapter 1880 Making Decisions
Mrs. Kella desperately wished she could drag Sodo back and give him a good beating. 
She replied, "An outsider is allowed to participate in the tournament. There is no prohibition." 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances. 
That was all it took for them to understand each other. 
Since the warriors' tournament was such an important event to the villagers and its chief, they could use this chance to request the compass. 
"But…" Mrs. Kella appeared worried. "The purpose of the tournament is to find the bravest man. This means the participants will face untold dangers, which will be worse for outsiders. Others will single you out for attack, especially Anna. Although she can't participate in the tournament, she has three elder brothers." 
Elisa and Gareth finally understood why Mrs. Kella was so concerned. 
Outsiders were allowed to join the tournament but would be discriminated against without protection. 
Furthermore, they were also at risk of being the target of malice, especially from the village chief's daughter, Anna. 
Who knew she had three elder brothers? 
She has been dotted on since she was young. No wonder that she behaves like a tyrant. 
Elisa asked, "Danger? How dangerous is it? Did anyone die?" 
Mrs. Kella nodded solemnly. "It's normal for people to die at the warriors' tournament. Several numbers of men died each time." 
Elisa's expression turned grim after she heard that. 
She did not expect the so-called warriors' tournament to be so dangerous. 
She glanced at Gareth from the corner of an eye and saw he was calm and unconcerned. 
Since Elisa and Gareth remained silent, Mrs. Kella thought they were still worried about Sodo's words. Thus, she explained urgently, "Don't worry about what Sodo said. He's too cowardly to risk his life joining the tournament. Even if he did, he could never win." 
Mrs. Kella thought Gareth was interested in the warrior's tournament due to Sodo's threat. Therefore, she thought he had changed his mind after hearing her explanation. 
Unbeknownst to her, it wasn't due to Sodo's threat that Gareth wanted to join the tournament. 
He had a vital reason that he could not tell Mrs. Kella. 
Even though Mrs. Kella was kind, she was still from this village. 
She would never agree to their plan to take the village's treasure. 
Therefore, he could not reveal his purpose before the warriors' tournament. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances and saw determination in each other's eyes. 
The two did not ask any more questions to avoid arousing suspicion. 
It appeared as if they had given up on joining the tournament. 
Seeing that, Mrs. Kella breathed a sigh of relief. 
Before leaving the room, she reminded them, "Don't join the tournament. Please remember what I said! It's too dangerous!" 
Elisa nodded and smiled, indicating that she would stop Gareth from joining. 
Her smile calmed Mrs. Kella, and she left with peace of mind. 
Then, Elisa and Gareth were the only ones in the room. 
Silence hung between them. After a while, Elisa decided to clear the awkward atmosphere. 
"What do you think? Are you joining the tournament?" 
Gareth nodded without hesitation. 
His eyes shone with determination as he looked ahead. "I must go. This is the only way for us to get
home. I must try no matter how difficult it is." 
Then, he glanced at Elisa and noticed she seemed unhappy. 
Thus, he smiled and teased her. "Are you worried about me?" 
Elisa glared at him and replied angrily, "Yes, I'm worried about you. You're the only person I can rely on in this place. If you die, I won't be able to get back either." 
Gareth smiled upon hearing her. Emotions burned within his chest. 
After a while, he smiled and said, "Don't worry. I'll never abandon you."
###chapter1879
Chapter 1881 A Tacit Understanding
"We will go home together. I promise." Gareth looked at Elisa firmly. His words were not only to comfort her but to encourage himself. 
Elisa wanted to say something but changed her mind. She did not continue with the topic again. 
After that day, they went on with their lives as usual. Anna and Sodo never showed up again. It was likely because Mrs. Kella stopped them from coming in. 
Thus, no one came to bother them again. 
Elisa and Gareth were relieved. 
Lives went on in the village as usual. They helped Mrs. Kella with farm work by day and went fishing in the evening. At night, they sat around the fire, sharing stories. 
This place had a significant difference in temperatures between day and night. The hotter it was during the day, the colder it would be at night. 
They stayed around a fire every night to keep warm and keep the darkness at bay. 
Sometimes, Mrs. Kella would tell them stories. Other times, it was Elisa. 
They talked about their experiences in life. Each women's experience sounded unique and exciting to the other. 
On the other hand, Gareth spent most of the time watching Elisa and was reluctant to look away. 
Mrs. Kella smiled upon noticing it. 
She did not know who Elisa and Gareth were outside the village, but she could tell they had interesting lives. 
Sometimes, they shared funny incidents, and the three would laugh together. 
It was quite a pleasant life. 
However, Mrs. Kella's expression would change whenever they mentioned going home. She would try to change the topic. 
Even Mrs. Kella knew there was only one way to go home, and it required them to obtain the compass. 
Therefore, she was unsupportive of it. 
Elisa could see Mrs. Kella did not want them to join the warriors' tournament. 
Apart from concern about the dangers Gareth would face, she also knew what he wanted if he won the tournament. 
Elisa and Gareth lay on the reclining chairs the night before the warriors' tournament to discuss the matter. 
Elisa kept looking at the glittering stars in the sky. 
The sky was clear and free from pollution. It looked like a dark canvas scattered with numerous diamonds. 
Their chairs were so close that Gareth could see the stars reflected in Elisa's eyes. 
A thought flashed in his mind. 
The moon and stars don't shine as bright as your eyes. 
"It's beautiful." Elisa could not help but sigh. 
Gareth looked at Elisa unwaveringly. He replied, "Yes, truly beautiful." 
No one knew whether he was talking about the sky or Elisa bathed in the moonlight. 
Elisa turned to him and realized they were too close. She awkwardly put some distance between them. 
Gareth did not say anything. He appeared disappointed but quickly concealed it. 
After a moment of silence, Elisa said, "Are you sure about this? Mrs. Kella said it will be dangerous if you go." 
Gareth looked at her and saw himself reflected in her eyes. He wished time would stop at this moment. 
"Do we have a better plan?" 
Elisa wanted to suggest stealing the compass. 
But she remembered the village chief's house was in the center of the village. Even if they managed to steal it, they would be discovered before they could escape the village. 
Severe consequences awaited those who dared to steal the village's treasure. They would even drag Mrs. Kella into trouble. 
Mrs. Kella generously let them stay with her for so long. They could not repay her kindness with evil. 
Elisa wanted to say something but could not find the right words. In the end, she said, "You must be careful… Don't force yourself." 
Gareth nodded. His eyes crinkled as he smiled. 
The two gazed at the stars, sharing a secret between them. It was a secret they could not tell anyone else.
###chapter1880
Chapter 1882 Convincing Mrs Kella
Once they left the village, they might never have the chance to see such a beautiful night sky again. 
The following morning, Gareth woke up early and dressed up to join the warriors' tournament. 
However, he realized he could not open the door. 
Mrs. Kella appeared in the yard and looked strangely calm. She said evenly, "Don't waste your energy. I've locked the door, and the key is with me." 
Elisa frowned and turned to her, wanting to ask why she did this. 
Mrs. Kella sighed. "I know you two haven't given up and still wish to join the warriors' tournament. However, it's too dangerous. Furthermore, Nomadic Odyssey is linked to our village's fortune. I can't let you take it from us." 
"The registration for the warriors' tournament will end by noon. You two will stay here and keep me company until then." 
Elisa had predicted Mrs. Kella would try to stop them but did not expect her to take such an extreme measure. 
The disappointment in Elisa's eyes likely saddened Mrs. Kella. She could not resist explaining, "You can get angry and hate me, but this is for your good. Since you have come here, why not settle here permanently? I know there are issues with Sodo and Anna, but I'm respected in this village. No one can force you to be with them if you're unwilling." 
Mrs. Kella tried hard to persuade them to stay. 
Elisa was not surprised or thought her words were absurd. She had expected this. 
She replied calmly, "Mrs. Kella, would you be worried if Sodo disappeared?" 
Mrs. Kella opened her mouth but could not bring herself to speak. 
She knew what Elisa meant. 
On the other hand, Elisa was not bothered by her lack of response and continued, "Even though Sodo caused much trouble, he's still your grandson and your flesh and blood. Therefore, you would be anxious if he were missing and would do everything to find him. Mrs. Kella, our friends and families are waiting for us…" 
Mrs. Kella stared at Elisa. Sadness and unwillingness warred within her eyes. 
"Mrs. Kella, the truth is Gareth and I are married. Our grandmother is waiting for us to come home. At the moment, she doesn't know whether we are alive… Grandma is weak and sickly. I fear she would collapse from worry." 
Elisa choked slightly as she spoke. 
It was not an act to persuade Mrs. Kella. She was voicing the concerns she had hidden within her all this while. 
Gareth had been listening quietly beside her and tentatively held her hand. 
Elisa did not try to break free this time. 
Gareth was pleased and squeezed her hand to comfort her. 
He was also thinking about his grandmother. 
He could only imagine how sad and helpless his grandmother would feel after discovering that he and Elisa had fallen into the sea. 
Mrs. Kella's gaze flickered with uncertainty. She hastily looked away. 
Elisa knew her words had moved Mrs. Kella's heart. 
Mrs. Kella had a good heart. Otherwise, she would never have saved them. 
Unfortunately, Mrs. Kella lived in a secluded society all her life. It made her ignorant, close-minded, and cling to useless traditions. 
However, she had a conscience. Elisa did not doubt that. 
Thus, Elisa wanted to awaken it to their cause. 
She stood at the doorway with Gareth. Although she looked smaller in comparison, she had an aura that made her seem strong and mighty. 
Furthermore, she stood straight and refused to give up. 
She wagered in her heart that she could make Mrs. Kella change her mind. 
###chapter1881
Chapter 1883 Registration
After some time, Mrs. Kella turned around and entered the house. 
Elisa's eyes dulled with disappointment. 
Sensing her despair, Gareth held her hand tightly, quietly channeling his strength to her. 
Elisa's grim mood disappeared instantly. 
She had always been like this. 
Like everyone, she would sometimes stumble, get hurt, and find herself stuck. However, she would never back down. 
It was because there were too many things weighing down her shoulders. She could not bear to rest or stop. 
Gareth had always admired her perseverance. At the same time, seeing her pushing herself like this hurt him. 
"It's okay. I will think of another way. However, our relationship with Mrs. Kella… might have to end." Gareth turned to Elisa and comforted her softly. 
Elisa nodded and looked at him. Her gaze was spirited, and her expression calm. She appeared unaffected. 
"It's okay. Perhaps our friendship is never meant to be." 
Gareth knew from those words that Mrs. Kella's rejection hurt Elisa. It seemed Elisa cared about Mrs. Kella and saw her as her grandmother. 
It must have been a blow to be rejected by someone she was growing close to. 
"What do you mean we are never meant to be?" 
A voice prompted Elisa and Gareth to turn around. 
Mrs. Kella pursed her lips in mock fury. She held out a pair of keys. 
Once they turned around, she threw the keys high up into the air. 
The keys fell and landed securely in Gareth's hands. Elisa and Gareth let out an inaudible breath of relief. 
Mrs. Kella said, "Go if you want. You will find a way to go even if I don't let you. It's not like I can tie you two up." 
With that, Mrs. Kella snorted softly and returned to the house. 
Suddenly she paused and hesitated before saying, "If you see Sodo, tell him to stay safe and not be reckless." 
Elisa was stunned. "Aren't you going?" 
Mrs. Kella waved her hand but did not turn around. "I'm not going. I'm too old for this." 
She entered the house after saying that. 
Elisa looked at the keys in Gareth's hand and felt conflicted. 
Mrs. Kella and Julia had similar temperaments. 
They were stubborn but kind and loving. 
Furthermore, they were a little difficult at times. 
Elisa and Gareth could not afford to delay. They did not have a watch and had no idea what time it was. Thus, they did not know when the warriors' tournament registration would end. 
The two rushed out of the gates and ran to the village chief's home. 
Unfortunately, the registration period had just ended. 
Gareth grabbed the person handling the registration by his shirt, prompting the person to look at him strangely. 
At the same time, Gareth was panting slightly from running. He calmed his breath before pointing at the name list and said firmly, "I want to register for the tournament." 
The person gave Gareth a weird look and shook his head. "Sorry, the registration period is over. You're
too late. Please wait until the next time." 
The person tried to leave, but Gareth gripped his shirt and would not let go. 
"Next time? That's another three years," Gareth said through gritted teeth. "I'm only asking you to add my name. Is that so difficult?" 
The person was frightened by Gareth's intimidating demeanor. 
Gareth tried so hard to get here, only for it to be in vain. How could anyone expect him to remain calm? 
Furthermore, it was not only for himself that he wanted to join the tournament. He also carried Elisa's hope of going home. 
The commotion attracted some onlookers. Anna was among them. 
###chapter1882
Chapter 1884 Get Yourself Together
Anna seemed infatuated as she looked at Gareth. 
She had not seen him for days, and he was still as handsome as she first saw him. Even though Anna tried to be unaffected, she could not stop her breaths and heartbeat from quickening. 
Gareth had become more tanned. 
That made him appear even more handsome in her eyes. 
Anna stood beside the onlookers and said, "I can help you register for the tournament." 
The crowd turned to her and saw Anna looking at them calmly. Her eyes flickered with mischief. 
Gareth frowned and thought of refusing her offer. 
He noticed the malice in her gaze, especially when she looked at Elisa. He suspected she would demand something in return. 
As expected, she pointed at Elisa and said disdainfully, "However, I have a request. I want her to stay with me as a follower throughout the warriors' tournament." 
Meanwhile, Bella finally got out of detention due to Julia's bail. 
The two women embraced and cried profusely the moment they reunited. 
The inspector looked at them and said, "Madam Smith, please calm down, or you'll cry yourself sick.
You must take care of your health. Otherwise, your grandson will be sad if he sees you like this." 
Julia glared at the inspector. The loving gentleness from when she embraced Bella disappeared without a trace. 
She knew all too well why she had only received news about Bella's detention now, causing Bella to suffer for so long. It was because this inspector received a bribe. 
Therefore, she had no obligation to be nice to him. 
"No matter what, it's still not as damaging as a public servant collecting incentives. Don't you agree, Inspector Zander?" 
Inspector Zander broke out in cold sweat. He could only nod. 
Julia did not waste her breath on him and left the police station with Bella. 
After they entered the car, Bella explained the whole matter to Julia. She made sure to tell her every detail. 
She also did not forget to tell Julia about the message. 
Bella covered her face with her hands and blamed herself for what happened. 
"It was all my fault. Liz must have gone to the deck because of that message. I wasn't too concerned then, even though I lost my phone. I thought I would find it in my room later. Who knew…" 
Julia was anxious, but she knew Bella felt much worse. 
Bella likely blamed herself for everything that had happened and was tormented by guilt. 
However, none of it was her fault. 
Julia gently patted Bella's head. Although she was worried, she believed Gareth and Elisa were still alive. 
There's no way they would die just like that. 
It's impossible! 
Having faith in Gareth and Elisa, Julia tried her best to comfort Bella. "Don't worry, Bella. I'm sure they will be safe. However, you have an urgent task. You must get yourself together. Liz and the company need you." 
Julia was right. 
The company had been a mess ever since Paul Grayson took over. 
He handled company matters based on his whims, and the management was riddled with nepotism. 
Furthermore, who knew he had brought in how many corrupted people or people involved with the underworld? 
If this went on, even a company of Benett Corporation's scale would go bankrupt. 
Bella pulled herself together after knowing these. She wiped her tears and muttered, "Yes, I must snap out of it. I will help Elisa to take care of Grandma and the company. I won't let her come home to this mess." 
###chapter1883
Chapter 1885 Obstruction
Bella held on to that resolve and returned to the company. 
Julia offered to go with her, but Bella shook her head and refused. 
She said, "Grandma, please leave this to me. I can deal with it. You should stay at home and rest." 
Bella smiled at Julia after saying that and left. 
Julia kept watching Bella with concern until Bella disappeared into the company building. 
The driver turned to Julia and comforted her, "Don't worry, Old Madam Wickam. Although Ms. Benett is not in the company, her reputation remains. Therefore, Ms. Wickam will not experience too many difficulties." 
Julia remained tense even after hearing that. 
"I'm worried about how easily a person can change," Julia mumbled as if to herself. It also sounded like a response to what the driver said. 
What happened was as Julia expected. Bella came across problems at the company's ground floor. 
As usual, she scanned her face to get in. However, the face recognition device kept warning, "Face undetected. Please try again." 
Bella furrowed her brow. Benett Corporation incorporated the latest technology in its building. This face recognition device was the newest on the market. 
Errors were extremely rare for this model. 
Bella had a bad feeling about this but refused to delve into it. 
She preferred to think that something was wrong with the device. 
Suddenly a security guard came over and stopped her. 
"I'm sorry, miss. Do you have an appointment?" 
Bella looked at the security guard and was dumbfounded. She glanced at the face recognition device and the security guard before saying, "I work here. I'm the head of the project department." 
The security guard was briefly stunned before his expression turned to derision. He glanced at Bella and sneered, "Ms. Matterson, the head of the project department, has left this morning. May I ask who you are?" 
Bella opened her mouth but could not bring herself to speak. 
Rochelle has been reinstated as the head of the department. 
Why didn't anyone inform me? 
Bella shook her head. No, I should have expected this. 
They used connections to keep me under police detention. That, indeed, wasn't simply for revenge. 
Paul and the others used her absence to take control of the company! 
Bella was filled with regret. She hated herself, only realizing this now, and wasted a lot of time. Otherwise, she could have stopped this from happening. 
She needed to enter the company immediately to find out what had happened. 
The security guard saw the myriad of emotions on her face and decided she was an intruder trying to break in. 
Therefore, he said sternly, "Miss, if you have an appointment, please go to the receptionist to confirm it." The security guard scrutinized Bella's appearance and continued disdainfully, "Otherwise, please leave. Stop loitering around, or I'll call the police." 
The security guard waved his handphone threateningly. 
Bella sensed a crowd watching her after he said those words. 
She felt angry and humiliated. 
However, she could not and refused to back down. 
Seeing Bella was still not leaving, the security guard pushed her to chase her out. 
Bella did not want to leave, but her strength was no match against the security guard. 
Thus, she was on the verge of being driven out of the building. 
Suddenly, a voice sounded, "Stop." 
The crowd turned to it and saw Rochelle sashaying in her high heel shoes. 
###chapter1884
Chapter 1886 I Agree
Bella saw Rochelle and recalled the night Elisa and Gareth fell into the sea. 
She knew Rochelle and Paul were the masterminds behind everything. 
Thus, she hated them so much that she desperately wished to tie them up and drown them in the sea. 
Unfortunately, she could not do that yet. 
Rochelle took off her sunglasses after entering the building. She regarded the security with disdain and asked, "What's going on? What's with the ruckus?" 
The security guard nodded and answered eagerly. "This crazy woman was unreasonable and insisted on entering. She even claimed to be the head of the project department." 
Hearing those words, Rochelle looked at Bella as if she had just noticed her. She ignored the hatred and fury in Bella's eyes and acted surprised. "Oh my… Aren't you Ms. Wickam, the department head?" 
Rochelle turned to the security guard and nodded. Her behavior was unbearably pretentious. 
"She's right. She was the head of the project department." 
The security guard broke out in cold sweat and tried to explain. 
However, Rochelle continued before he could speak, "But that was in the past." 
Rochelle looked at Bella smugly. "I nearly forgot. Ms. Wickam, I hereby dismiss you from your position on behalf of Benett Corporation. We will arrange for your salary and personal items to be delivered to your home, including your dismissal notice." 
Then, Rochelle put her sunglasses back on and turned away to enter the company. 
"What's your basis?" 
Bella forced out those words through gritted teeth. 
Rochelle covered her mouth and sniggered as if Bella's words were a joke. 
"Ms. Wickam. No… Bella." 
Bella clenched her fists in the face of Rochelle's insult. Her body trembled with fury. 
"Benett Corporation has no use for a person who stoops to unscrupulous means for fame and fortune. Bella, you're heartless. You even killed people to achieve your aim. How could you kill Ms. Benett…" Rochelle squeezed out a few fake tears. 
Those who did not know better would think that Rochelle and Elisa were close. 
Rochelle burst into tears as if she was grieving. 
A few employees who did not know the situation began criticizing Bella. 
Bella felt immensely helpless and despondent. 
She finally understood how it felt to be unjustly condemned. 
People hurled accusations at her without mercy. No one would believe her even if she explained. 
On the other hand, Rochelle was delighted to see Bella in a state of despair. 
She could not resist humiliating Bella further. "What about this? I'm not heartless, and I can help you return to the company if you wish. However, you can give up being the head of the department. After all, the company needs people with real talents, not those who got in through connections. Still, I'm willing to help you plead your case to the higher management and make you an employee under my charge." 
Rochelle smirked after saying that. 
She thought Bella would never agree to this. 
After all, it was blatant humiliation. 
Why would someone like Bella accept being shamed this way? 
Furthermore, Rochelle only made that offer to improve her public image. 
She left without another glance. 
However, a voice sounded behind her. 
"Yes, I agree." 
Rochelle turned to Bella in shock and disbelief. 
At the same time, Elisa also said those words in the secluded village. 
Anna was shocked, but Gareth frowned in disagreement. 
"No." He refused immediately.
###chapter1885
Chapter 1887 We Are a Team
Gareth pulled Elisa's hand to drag her away. He refused to let her suffer mistreatment. 
However, Elisa stood still and stared at Anna. 
By now, Anna had gotten over the initial shock and looked at Elisa suspiciously. She asked, "Are you sure? You're not playing with me, right?" 
Gareth wanted to speak, but Elisa beat him to it. "I'm sure about it. Can he register now?" 
Anna nodded proudly. "Of course." 
She glanced firmly at the person handling the registration. 
As expected, the person did not dare to disobey and added Gareth's name immediately. 
Elisa breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Gareth's name on the list. 
She looked away and found Anna watching her. 
Still, she was not afraid and met her gaze squarely. 
Anna mouthed a few words inaudibly. "I'll be waiting for you." 
She gave Elisa another firm glance and left. 
The crowd of onlookers dispersed after Anna left. 
However, a little girl approached Elisa tentatively. 
Elisa remembered her. She stood at the side all this while and looked at Elisa worriedly. 
Despite her young age, she scrunched her face like a worried old lady. 
Elisa stooped down to her level and smiled as she patted the girl's head. 
"What's wrong? Is there something you want to tell me?" 
The little girl gulped and hesitated before whispering, "Miss, you must be careful during the warriors' tournament." 
Elisa's gaze darkened slightly. The little girl ran away before Elisa could say anything. 
Elisa stood up and watched the little girl run away. She considered the matter and fell into deep thoughts, completely ignoring Gareth, who was standing beside her. 
Gareth snorted with dissatisfaction, causing Elisa to emerge from her thoughts and stare at him. 
"Even a kid could see it was a ploy. How could you agree to it so easily?" 
Gareth was fuming. He was angry that Elisa agreed to Anna's condition despite knowing it was a trap. 
Furthermore, he was furious that she ignored him. 
Gareth looked so childish that Elisa could not help but laugh. 
However, her laughter angered him even more. 
He left the village chief's house without another word. 
Still, he deliberately slowed down when he noticed Elisa had not followed him. 
Elisa knew he was waiting for her and caught up with him. 
She looked at him and fluttered her lashes innocently. "All right, Mr. Wickam. Are you angry with me?" 
Gareth squinted and replied coldly, "Why would I dare to be angry with you? We… are a team. How could you decide without discussing it with me? Don't you respect my opinion?" 
Elisa was stunned. She knew she had angered Gareth. 
Thus, she stopped teasing him and answered solemnly, "I know I was wrong for not discussing the matter with you, but I have a good reason. It was necessary for our goal. Furthermore, I'm perfectly able to decide for myself." 
Gareth was still furious after hearing that. 
He was angry that Elisa agreed to Anna's unreasonable request despite being able to reject it. 
Elisa understood what he was angry about. 
However… 
Elisa asked, "Gareth, what kind of person do you think I am?" 
Gareth looked at her and was confused by her question. 
"Why do you ask?" 
Elisa smiled. 
###chapter1886
Chapter 1888 Loneliness
"Nothing. I was only wondering about it." 
Gareth did not believe her. She sounded serious when she asked the question. Therefore, it was not something she had only been wondering about. He suspected she had planned something. 
Still, Gareth considered earnestly before answering, "You're serious, decisive, intelligent… and beautiful." 
Elisa had many good points and was undoubtedly beautiful. Yet, of all her talents, beauty was the least worth mentioning. 
Elisa nodded. 
Then, she turned to Gareth and stared at him as if trying to peer into his soul. 
She said, "I'm not some dainty and helpless lady. We're currently at a disadvantage, and your effort alone won't be enough if we wish to go home. We each need to do our part. Didn't you say we are a team? Why won't you let me help you?" 
Gareth opened his mouth to speak but could not make a sound. 
Elisa is right. 
I kept thinking about protecting her and forgot she wasn't a weak young lady. Instead, she is capable of facing challenges with me. We are… comrades in arms. 
Gareth deliberated for a while before nodding. 
"I understand." 
Elisa laughed. She looked so radiant under the sunlight that he could not look away. 
Gareth suddenly realized how fortunate he was. 
Not because he was born into the prominent Wickam family or the high position he achieved. 
Instead, he was thankful to have met Elisa. 
The two returned to Mrs. Kella's house together. 
When they opened the gate, Mrs. Kella happened to walk out of the kitchen. 
She saw their expressions and knew Gareth managed to register for the tournament. 
Although she was happy for them, she could not help but feel sad. 
Thus, she did not say anything but returned to the kitchen to make dinner. 
She looked lonely. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances and understood each other. 
Mrs. Kella lived alone before they arrived. 
Once they left, Mrs. Kella would be all alone again. 
If only things did not have to end up this way. 
They had dinner in the yard, listening to the sounds of cicadas and birds as they ate. The cool breeze blew at them, bringing a hint of the saltiness of the sea. It was pleasant. 
Unfortunately, they could not disperse the depressing mood hanging over them. 
After dinner, Gareth offered to wash the dishes. 
Mrs. Kella initially refused, but Gareth insisted. 
She waved her hands in surrender. "Fine, you can do it. You won't be able to help out much longer anyway." 
Then, she got up to return to her room. 
Elisa stood up immediately and said, "Mrs. Kella, can I have a word with you?" 
Mrs. Kella paused and stood still for a while before turning around. 
She saw the persistence in Elisa's eyes and could not bear to refuse. 
Thus, she nodded. 
Elisa smiled and carried a bench to sit with Mrs. Kella in the yard. 
The sky had darkened. Numerous stars covered the deep blue sky, twinkling unceasingly. 
Elisa said, "Mrs. Kella, the sky here is beautiful. I've never seen such a beautiful sky before coming here." 
Mrs. Kella was surprised. She did not expect Elisa to be talking about this. 
Furthermore, she was stunned by the compliment. 
After all, she could tell from conversations with Elisa and Gareth that they were well-traveled. 
Therefore, her compliment was significant. 
Mrs. Kella smiled sincerely. 
"Is that so? That's good to hear." 
"Not just the sky. The people here are also kind. There's a kind lady who saved us, the gentleman who helped us spearfishing, and the lady who taught me to do laundry…" 
###chapter1887
Chapter 1889 Cameron
"Mrs. Kella, even if we go home, Gareth and I will never forget you or this place." 
Mrs. Kella stiffened. 
Elisa's words hit straight to her heart. She could not help but be moved. 
Mrs. Kella feared being alone in her old age. 
Elisa continued, "If possible, we will return to see you and take you on a short vacation." 
Mrs. Kella did not speak. She fought hard to rein in her tears. 
She feared she would lose control if she opened her mouth. 
Elisa gently held Mrs. Kella's hands. She noticed Mrs. Kella's eyes were glittering with tears. They looked like the stars in the night sky. 
"Mrs. Kella, can you give Gareth and me a name according to your language." 
"Yes…" 
Mrs. Kella stopped resisting and let tears flow from her eyes. 
Her tears felt warm as they landed on Elisa's arms. 
Elisa grabbed a tissue and lovingly wiped Mrs. Kella's tears. 
Gareth finished washing the dishes and came out to this scene. He decided not to disturb them and quietly returned to his room. 
Although Mrs. Kella did not say anything, Gareth knew she missed Sodo. 
Likewise, he also knew how much Elisa missed Julia even when she did not say anything. 
Thus, Elisa and Mrs. Kella found comfort in each other. 
After some time, Elisa supported Mrs. Kella and brought her to her room. 
The following morning, Elisa woke up at the break of dawn. She went to Mrs. Kella's room and did not find her there. 
She was confused and searched the house but could not find her. 
Then, she went to Gareth's room and found him missing too. 
Still, Elisa was strangely calm. 
They left together. It meant that they had arranged it beforehand. Therefore, Elisa knew they were not in danger. 
With that in mind, Elisa began to prepare breakfast. 
As expected, Gareth and Mrs. Kella returned around twenty minutes later. 
Gareth brought back many herbs. 
Elisa glanced at them and put down her tea before greeting, "Where did you go? You should wash your hands and eat breakfast. You have to get to the tournament site soon." 
Mrs. Kella smiled and sat down. "I brought him to the mountains and taught him about herbs. Although the warriors' tournament doesn't prohibit outsiders, the challenges they issue are disadvantageous to outsiders. That's why I brought Cameron with me. Apart from giving him a final revision on the herbs, he can help me collect them to keep at home for emergencies. I've done my part. It's up to him to remember them." 
Elisa smiled. 
Cameron was the name Mrs. Kella told Elisa before entering her room. It was the name she gave Gareth. 
Elisa had yet to tell Gareth about it. 
Thus, Gareth likely had no idea he was given this name. 
Elisa could not help but smile as she listened to Mrs. Kella. 
She detected their influence in Mrs. Kella's words. 
In some ways, their stay in this village was considered a cultural exchange. 
After breakfast, the three headed to the warriors' tournament. 
The warriors' tournament participants were required to gather in the village chief's compound. 
However, non-participants were not allowed to enter. 
It meant Elisa and Mrs. Kella could only accompany Gareth until they reached outside the compound. 
Mrs. Kella kept reminding Gareth to be careful. At the same time, she could not resist looking into the compound from time to time. 
Gareth knew who she was looking for and understood her concern. 
Therefore, he smiled and promised, "Don't worry, Mrs. Kella. I'll remind Sodo to be careful and will help him when needed. I'll also give him a chance to escape if I meet him during the tournament." 
###chapter1888
Chapter 1890 Remembrance
Mrs. Kella replied awkwardly, "Who cares about him? He's nothing to do with me." 
Gareth smiled quietly. He had noticed Mrs. Kella had been distracted ever since they came here. It meant she was concerned about Sodo. 
After all, Sodo was the only family she had left. 
Her son and daughter had passed away, leaving her with only a grandson. Thus, how could she not care about him? 
She only denied it out of pride. 
Having understood Mrs. Kella's concern, Gareth decided to give Sodo a chance to escape if he were to meet him during the tournament. 
However, if Sodo continued to scheme against him or get in his way, Gareth would not show mercy. 
Gareth readied his things to go in. 
Before entering, he turned to Elisa to look at her. 
By now, Elisa had kept her promise and stood by Anna's side. 
Elisa smiled at Gareth when she noticed him looking at her. 
"Please take care." 
Gareth mouthed those words. 
Elisa smiled and mouthed back. "Please be careful." 
Neither spoke aloud, but each understood the other. 
They had grown closer during this period, allowing them to communicate secretly without fearing interference from others. 
Gareth entered the village chief's compound. 
It was usually spacious but was now crowded with people. 
Gareth looked at the people gathered and estimated more than fifty people. 
Still, Gareth was one hundred and eighty centimeters tall and was eye-catching even as he stood among them. 
The village chief glanced at the contestants and paused at Gareth. He seemed to be thinking about something. 
Gareth was puzzled but did not say anything. 
The village chief soon looked elsewhere and announced the rules of the tournament. 
There were a total of fifty-eight participants in this warriors' tournament. Gareth was the only outsider. 
The tournament had three rounds. Each round would test them on different skills. 
The first round was called 'Remembrance.' 
The participants were required to find fifty types of herbs on the mountain, timed by an hourglass. 
It was to test the participants' knowledge about their village. 
Furthermore, the herbs gathered would be given to the medical center. 
Then, those from the medical center would not have to go to the mountain to gather herbs for some time. 
Of course, Gareth learned all these from listening to the discussions of people near him. 
The challenge was relatively easy for the locals who had made enough preparations. 
However, it posed a challenge for outsiders like Gareth and a certain delinquent who wasted his time fooling around, dreaming of getting lucky one day. 
It was now a break. After his speech, the village chief left the participants to their own accord. 
The participants gathered in small groups and began chatting with their friends. 
Most of them asked about herbs they were unsure about. 
It was similar to last-minute cramming before an exam. 
At the same time, a few people, like Gareth, chose to be alone. 
Gareth revised the herbs in his mind, matching mental images of the herbs with their names. 
Sodo noticed Gareth did not talk to anyone and could not resist mocking him. "Others chose to remain alone because they were confident about this test. But why isn't the outsider conferring with anyone? It must be arrogance." 
"Sodo, why do you say that? Isn't it clear that he has no friends to discuss with?" 
At those words, Sodo and his delinquent friend broke out in laughter. 
Their voices were so loud that those on the other side of the walls could hear them. 
Elisa heard it and guessed what it was about. 
Anna squinted as she looked at Elisa standing straight. She said, "Although conflicts are inevitable daily, everyone would still be united when given a cause. Can you guess who they are laughing at?" 
###chapter1889
Chapter 1891 Slaves or Followers?
Elisa did not answer Anna but focused on the wall as if she did not hear her. 
But Anna did not mind. Since Elisa did not speak, one of her followers responded eagerly, "It must be that man called Gareth. Who else could it be?" 
Anna laughed. Her eyes gleamed with mischief. 
She turned to Elisa and said, "My people cannot accept him because he is with you. If he were with me, things would have been much easier for him, yet you're unwilling to let him go." 
Elisa remained silent. Even her expression appeared calm. 
She knew Gareth did not need to assimilate into this village or want the villagers to accept him. 
All that mattered was that Mrs. Kella accepted him. 
With that in mind, Elisa turned to Mrs. Kella. 
Mrs. Kella gave her a comforting glance. 
Thus, Elisa blinked and continued staring at the wall, thoroughly ignoring Anna. 
Anna was on the verge of losing her temper, but she suddenly thought of a way to punish Elisa, allowing her to calm down. 
She looked at Elisa with a smirk, waiting for the right time to teach her a lesson. 
Soon, break time was over. All the contestants rushed out of the yard. 
Anna stared at the crowd, hoping to find Gareth before Elisa did. 
On the other hand, Elisa was not in a hurry. She crossed her arms and observed calmly like an unaffected spectator. 
Once most contestants left, Elisa approached the gate and coincidentally met Gareth's gaze as he came out. 
Neither spoke, but both understood each other perfectly. 
Elisa stood still and looked at Gareth for a long time until he left her sight. Then, she looked away and returned to Anna's side. 
Anna was furious and wanted to hit someone. 
She raised her hand and brought it down, only for Elisa to stop it halfway. 
Anna found herself staring into Elisa's eyes. Somehow, they always made her feel guilty. 
Elisa held Anna's hand and asked coldly, "May I know what my mistake is?" 
Anna shrugged and gathered courage before shoving Elisa's hand away. She craned her neck and said, "Have you forgotten what you promised? I can hit you whenever I want. Why? Do you regret your decision?" 
Anna's clique voiced out in Anna's support. "Can you not be so shameless?" 
"That's right. Stop pretending." 
However, Elisa smiled. 
She looked so beautiful that Anna and her clique could not help but be stunned. 
They felt intimidated by Elisa's beauty. She looked glamorous and gorgeous from any angle. 
Yet, her expression softened considerably when she smiled. 
Furthermore, her skin was smooth and flawless. It was unblemished despite being exposed to the sun. 
One could not help but feel jealous and exclaim that God was unfair. 
Elisa tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear and replied calmly, "If I'm not mistaken, I only agreed to be your follower. You never said you treat your followers like slaves. Do you mean all these girls behind you are your slaves?" 
The girls in Anna's clique had grim expressions upon hearing that. 
No one wanted to be treated as a slave. 
These girls were around seventeen to eighteen years old and were easily influenced. 
Anna wanted to explain but did not know how. 
She had no choice but to say, "It's not what you think. I didn't." 
However, the girls recalled Anna's behavior and realized they had been treated like slaves… 
###chapter1890
Chapter 1892 What Do You Want?
While Elisa instigated Anna's clique against her, Gareth moved quickly on the mountain. 
He managed to find twenty kinds of herbs in less than twenty minutes. 
It was a combination of luck and skill. 
As he searched for more herbs, he bumped into Sodo and his gang. 
Unexpectedly, Sodo managed to find at least a dozen herbs. 
However, Gareth noticed the people around Sodo were empty-handed and instantly understood why. 
Sodo and his gang knew none could pass the test if they worked separately. Thus, they decided to give one person all the herbs they collected. 
However, Gareth shook his head and could not determine why Sodo was chosen to represent them. 
Sodo saw that Gareth was about to leave and said, "Stand there." 
Gareth ignored him, but someone stood before him and blocked his way. 
Gareth paused but did not do anything. 
He looked at Sodo sternly. "What do you want?" 
Sodo snorted disdainfully. "Gareth, do you think you can pass the test simply by grabbing a few herbs?
I see you have quite a lot." 
The men behind him laughed as soon as he finished speaking. 
Gareth did not bother to talk or defend himself. 
He waited for them to finish laughing so that he could leave. 
"Gareth, you're only an outsider. Do you think you're better than us? How dare you plan to steal Nomadic Odyssey?" 
Gareth stood still. He was not sure how Sodo found out that he wanted Nomadic Odyssey. 
Could it be… 
No, no way. 
Gareth quickly rejected the notion. 
He suspected Sodo had hidden behind the wall at Mrs. Kella's house and listened in. However, it did not matter at this point. 
After all, Gareth's goal would eventually be revealed after the tournament. All Sodo did was reveal it earlier. 
Gareth walked away from them. 
He warned without looking back. "Sodo, you ran out of chance." 
Gareth had promised Mrs. Kella he would give Sodo a chance, but Sodo had wasted it. 
Sodo was puzzled and mistook it as a challenge. Fury rose within him, prompting him to charge toward Gareth. 
However, his friends stopped him. 
They told him they needed to focus on finding herbs for now and would have ample time to beat Gareth up after the tournament. 
Gareth did not know what Sodo was shouting at him. 
He only noticed that Sodo's words prompted everyone in the vicinity to look at him differently. 
A few people even glared at him with animosity. 
Nomadic Odyssey was the village's treasure. Thus, they viewed any outsider seeking it as an enemy. 
Furthermore, the said outsider sought to take away their treasure through the warriors' tournament. 
An outsider winning the warriors' tournament? 
Such a thing had never happened before. 
It would be an immense humiliation to the village! 
Gareth knew he would be facing even more enemies. 
… 
Time passed gradually. There was little sand left in the hourglass. 
Gareth returned right on time. 
The referee announced the end of the test when Gareth arrived. It meant anyone who came after Gareth failed the test. 
Gareth looked around to see who had arrived before him. There were more than thirty people, including Sodo. 
Sodo glared at him viciously like a viper waiting to strike. 
However, Gareth ignored him and handed over the herbs to the referee. 
He had finished gathering the herbs much earlier. However, he deliberately delayed returning. 
###chapter1891
Chapter 1893 Foul Play?
"Hmph, do you not feel embarrassed to return with only some wild plants?" Sodo snorted and mocked Gareth. 
But Gareth did not care and ignored him completely. 
He proceeded forward and gave the herbs he gathered to the referee. 
Sodo was angry that Gareth ignored him and tried to argue. However, his friends persuaded him to quiet down. 
A few people winked at Sodo and laughed. "Let's wait a bit. He's going to humiliate himself soon." 
Sodo calmed down and smirked mockingly. 
He too, did not believe that Gareth would pass this round. 
In other words, Elisa was the only person who believed in Gareth. 
Even Anna pursed her lips and said regretfully, "I didn't expect the first test to be this. It seems Gareth will lose this round. What a pity." 
Even Mrs. Kella broke out in cold sweat. 
Still, Elisa refused to doubt even after hearing Anna. She had complete confidence in Gareth. 
The referee took the herbs from Gareth and counted them in public. 
"Galangal, culantro, cinchona, woad, crow-dipper, star anise, agarwood, lotus…" 
Sodo's expression darkened whenever the referee named the herbs. 
There was a total of fifty medicinal herbs. It meant Gareth had met the requirement. 
The referee's voice shook as he announced that Gareth found all the required herbs and passed the test. 
How is this possible? 
Everyone was shocked. Only Elisa was happy for Gareth because she had believed in him from the start. 
Gareth looked at the people gathered. His eyes were cold and emotionless. 
He stood there calmly, yet everyone could not help but look at him. 
Furthermore, he remained unfazed throughout Sodo's taunt and when the referee announced the result. It felt like he was an unrelated spectator. 
The only time he showed any emotion was when he looked at Elisa. His gaze softened like snow melting in spring. 
It was a lovely sight. 
"I trust you." Elisa mouthed those words. 
Gareth nodded. 
However, something happened at this moment. 
Sodo stood up and pointed at Gareth fiercely. "Speak up! How did you cheat?" 
Gareth frowned but did not speak. 
Elisa knew he was angry. 
Gareth hated people pointing their fingers at him. She feared something terrible would happen. 
"Argh!" 
Sodo screamed in an inhuman voice. 
Gareth had snapped his fingers. 
Sodo gritted his teeth in pain. He wanted to yell at Gareth but was too afraid. 
Gareth glanced at him from the corner of an eye. He could not be bothered to face him. 
"Sodo, remember I've warned you that you ran out of chance. I have a good temper, but there's a limit
to how much I can withstand." 
Elisa frowned as she listened to Gareth. 
When did Gareth have a good temper? His employees were so frightened of him that they could not speak. I wonder what they would think if they were to hear this. 
The village chief immediately took control of the situation and arranged for someone to check on Sodo. 
Even as a doctor treated Sodo's injured hand, Sodo refused to back down and glared at Gareth. 
If looks could kill, Gareth would have died many times. 
Unfortunately for Sodo, that was impossible. 
Gareth ignored Sodo. 
The referee wanted to start the next segment, but Sodo ed. 
Elisa could not help but worry. 
Her concern was not about Sodo but Mrs. Kella. 
Sodo stood up and glared at Gareth. He looked at the medicinal herbs on the table and said to the referee, "I think Gareth cheated. Many men from our village failed this test. How could an outsider like him be able to find the required medicinal herbs in such a short time?" 
###chapter1892
Chapter 1894 Schemes
"Who would believe that he found these herbs by himself?" 
A voice broke out from among the crowd. 
Many local participants failed this round. Furthermore, Gareth's status as an outsider made him suspicious. 
In other words, Sodo was not the only person suspecting Gareth of cheating. Many other villagers thought the same but did not bring it up. 
However, since someone mentioned it, everyone voiced their doubts and dissatisfaction. 
"That's right. That outsider has only been here for how long? How could he find all these herbs so well?" 
"I agree. I saw Sodo's grandmother bringing Gareth to pick herbs this morning. I've never seen him there before. How could he remember where all the herbs were after going there one time? I don't believe it." 
"This can't be right. He must have cheated. The warriors' tournament will not condone cheating. We will not have a fake warrior." 
"We must kick him out and disqualify him!" 
Many people voiced their anger under Sodo's lead. They demanded for Gareth to be disqualified. 
Mrs. Kella was worried as she saw this. She felt conflicted. 
On the one hand, she was proud of Gareth. 
She knew better than anyone that she did not help Gareth to cheat on this test. 
On the other hand, she was ashamed of her grandson. He would stoop so low as to attack a stranger with malice. 
Seeing Mrs. Kella's pained expression, Elisa stepped forward to argue with Sodo. 
Sodo did not conceal the desire and possessiveness in his eyes. He looked at Elisa as if he had ownership over her. 
Elisa ignored his ravenous gaze and asked, "Sodo, do you think Gareth cheated on this test?" 
Hearing her asking about Gareth's matter, Sodo concealed his glee and adjusted his expression before saying, "Of course." 
Elisa pretended to be surprised. "Do you mean someone collected the herbs and gave them to him?" 
Somehow, Sodo could not help but feel intimidated as he looked at Elisa. 
His forehead and back broke out in cold sweat. 
The sea breeze felt cool as it blew at him. 
"Of… Of course." 
Sodo knew he could not back down or cower. He had no choice but to press forward stubbornly. 
Elisa suddenly laughed as if she had heard a joke. 
She bent over from laughing and pointed at Sodo. 
"Since you claimed someone helped Gareth to gather these herbs, who was it? Was it me or Mrs. Kella?" 
Elisa and Kella were the only ones close to Gareth in this place. 
Furthermore, Elisa was also an outsider. 
However, both stayed in the tournament venue since the tournament started. 
Of course, these people had no idea Elisa was skilled in medicine. She was familiar with all these medicinal herbs. 
Gareth had probably heard about those herbs from Elisa. That was likely one of the reasons why Gareth could learn them so quickly. 
But the villagers knew nothing about her medical skills. Therefore, Elisa had no plans to reveal her
trump card to them. 
The only person who left the venue and had any form of connection to Gareth was Anna. 
Sodo looked at Anna gleefully, thinking that victory was at hand. 
"It must be Anna. Anna likes Gareth, so she decided to help him." 
Suddenly, the crowd turned their attention to Anna. 
Anna looked at Sodo and Gareth before turning to the village chief. 
She suddenly found herself in deep trouble. 
Her mind kept replaying what her father had said. 
It's best to disqualify Gareth in the first round. He is too dangerous. We can't let him take Nomadic Odyssey from us. 
###chapter1893
Chapter 1895 Valiance
Anna wanted to speak, but Elisa beat her to it. 
"Anna had only left for a while to use the washroom. Since you suspect her, doesn't it mean you don't trust the village chief?" 
Anna looked into Elisa's eyes with conflicting emotions. 
Sodo was indignant, but there was nothing he could do. 
Thus, the matter came to an end. 
Later, Anna glanced at Elisa. Her gaze appeared turbulent with complicated emotions. 
Meanwhile, Gareth successfully passed the first test. 
The second test was called 'Valiance.' 
Since there were thirty-three participants, one got to sit out the first round. The rest would have to fight their opponent in a battle similar to a wrestling match. They would proceed a few rounds until only eight participants were left. 
The participants would also draw a lot at each round. The person with a blank lot got to sit out the match. 
Thus, everyone rubbed their hands, hoping to draw a blank lot on the first round. 
Ultimately, an ordinary-looking man obtained the blank lot. 
Gareth glanced at the number he drew. It was twelve. 
He glanced at his opponent, a kid of around fifteen years old. Outside this village, this kid would still be in middle school. 
Gareth was speechless. He got onto the stage and looked at the boy whose height only reached Gareth's chest. Gareth tried his best to appear friendly. 
He suggested, "Perhaps you should forfeit." 
The boy widened his eyes and felt humiliated. 
"No! I participate in the warriors' tournament and am not a coward. You don't have to hold back. Let's fight!" 
After saying that, the boy dashed toward Gareth to attack him. 
He fought with all his might and punched Gareth relentlessly. 
However, Gareth easily dodged his every attack. 
He did not want to hurt the kid but would not stop the battle. 
The kid paused his episode. He realized Gareth had been holding back. Thus, he said fiercely, "Don't
look down on me just because I'm small. Fight me with all you've got. That's the respect I want!" 
Gareth opened his mouth but did not know what to say. 
Meanwhile, Elisa smiled as she watched from the side. She was pretty impressed with the boy. 
The boy knew he could not defeat Gareth. Yet, he refused to back down and asked Gareth to fight him with full strength as a sign of respect. 
Gareth nodded and began to stretch his muscles. 
The boy did not use the chance to attack Gareth but waited patiently for him to be done. 
While sounds of brawls and painful groans came from other battle stages, Gareth's stage was surprisingly peaceful. 
Soon, Gareth was ready and charged at the boy. 
The boy also stepped forward to meet the challenge. 
Gareth's attacks were quick and decisive. 
Although he held back a little to avoid endangering the boy, his attacks were not to be underestimated. 
Thus, the boy was soon defeated. 
Gareth brought a punch and sent the boy collapsing on the floor. 
The boy groaned and lay on the floor. He had no strength to stand back up. 
Gareth did not continue to attack him but offered his hand. 
The boy saw Gareth's hand and accepted it. 
Thus, Gareth was able to pull him back up. 
"It's your turn to attack." 
Gareth got into a stance, waiting for the boy to fight back. 
However, the boy shook his head. "I lost." 
He jumped down from the stage after saying that. 
His eyes glimmered as he turned to Gareth and grinned. "My name is Monani. Please remember it." 
Gareth was briefly dazed as he looked at Monani's smile. He looked so innocent that it reminded him of someone. 
Gareth glanced at Elisa and saw her waving and smiling at him. 
Anna had ceased to bother Elisa ever since Elisa defended her. She even allowed Elisa to watch the tournament. 
###chapter1894
Chapter 1896 Putting an End to It
Sodo was Gareth's opponent in the second round. 
When Sodo knew about this, he was so happy that he nearly jumped from excitement. 
He stared at Gareth viciously and looked eager to bring him down. 
However, Gareth did not care. 
Sodo was not alone in eagerly waiting for this fight. Gareth, too, wanted it to happen. 
He felt it was time to end the matter with Sodo once and for all. 
The referee announced the start of the second round, and the two would have to get on stage soon. 
Elisa called out to Gareth before he went on stage. 
"Be careful later." 
Gareth looked at her with confusion. 
"You don't believe I'll win?" 
Elisa rolled her eyes and explained, "I'm worried about you accidentally killing someone in a fight. Don't forget Mrs. Kella is here." 
Hearing her, Gareth glanced to the side of the stage and saw Mrs. Kella looking anxious. He nodded to
indicate that he understood. 
After they got onto the stage, Sodo said with a hint of jealousy. "You should enjoy it while Elisa is nice to you. You won't get the chance once the warriors' tournament ends." 
Gareth did not respond. He did not even look at Sodo. 
He got into his battle stance, and the fight began. 
They seemed evenly matched, but Elisa knew Gareth was holding back his abilities. 
At the same time, the spectators began to predict the outcome. 
"Who do you think will win?" 
"Sodo, of course." 
"I think so too. Although Sodo is a bad influence, he has never lost a fight since he was young. Otherwise, why would he have so many followers? Gareth is unlucky to have to fight him." 
Elisa listened to the people around her looking down on Gareth's capabilities but did not argue with them. 
Instead, she smirked and quietly watched the fight. 
The battle was getting intense. 
The more observant spectators would notice Gareth becoming more skilled as he fought. On the other hand, Sodo began to look tired and fought recklessly. 
He attacked without strategy and paid no attention to defense. 
Thus, Gareth found a weakness to hone in on. 
When Sodo waved his fists again, Gareth hit him in his ribs, causing him to howl in pain. 
Gareth placed a foot firmly on Sodo's head. 
He kicked Sodo's head between his feet like a football. 
Sodo did not even have the chance to surrender. 
Mrs. Kella watched anxiously from among the spectators. 
Although Gareth hit Damien hard, he did not forget his promise to Mrs. Kella. 
Thus, Gareth finally stopped when Sodo looked on the verge of dying. He stepped on Sodo's chest, almost knocking Sodo out of consciousness. 
Then, Gareth looked down at Sodo, saying, "Sodo, you should be thankful you're Mrs. Kella's grandson. Otherwise, I would never have forgiven you after all that you did. You should behave from now on and cease your grandiose delusions. How can you hope to astound everyone with your talent when you have nothing and refuse to work hard?" 
He kicked Sodo off the stage before Sodo could comprehend what his words meant. 
Mrs. Kella looked away and could not bear to continue watching. 
Apart from Elisa, everyone at the scene was stunned. No one expected such an outcome. 
Gareth even had to remind the referee to announce that the match was over. Then the referee came to his senses and loudly declared Gareth the winner. 
Gareth jumped down from the stage and hugged Elisa. 
Mrs. Kella watched from nearby and felt conflicting emotions. 
Initially, the third test was set to proceed today. 
Strangely, the village chief came onto the stage as the referee explained the tournament rules and said there would be changes to the plan. He announced that the final round of the warriors' tournament would begin the next day. 
###chapter1895
Chapter 1897 The Final Test
Although everyone was confused, they chose to go along with it. 
Gareth did not mind having a day to rest and recuperate his energy. 
He held Elisa's hand, and they walked home together. 
The two looked like a pair of lovers and were well-matched. 
Meanwhile, Anna stood at the back and observed them. She secretly made a decision. 
Thus, she met Elisa and Gareth that night and told them something. She remained there for a long time and left late at night. 
Anna walked softly but quickly after leaving Elisa and Gareth's place and quietly disappeared into the night. 
All participants who passed the previous tests gathered in the village chief's compound the following morning. 
The referee arrived late only to tell everyone not to leave the yard and that he would return soon. 
Everyone waited for a long time, but the referee never returned. He seemed to have abandoned them. 
They kept waiting from morning till night. 
Three people could not stand the wait and left the yard. 
Gareth arched his eyebrows and listened to people around him discussing their situation. 
"How could they leave us here and forget about us? We are final round candidates." 
"They can't have forgotten us. Could it be a test?" 
Gareth looked at the person who spoke. The person could not help but shudder when he sensed Gareth's gaze and forced himself to smile at Gareth. 
Then, Gareth looked away and ceased to listen in to the crowd's discussion. 
He sat at a spot and meditated, allowing him to recall many memories. 
People outside the village chief's compound had no idea what was happening inside. They wondered what was so exciting that no one was allowed to watch. 
Many people waited from day till night. Elisa was among them. 
This time, she remained with Mrs. Kella and not with Anna. 
On closer observation, one would notice the absence of animosity between Elisa and Anna. Instead, they seemed strangely harmonious. 
Elisa smiled and waved at Anna. Although neither of them spoke, the air between them was no longer tense. 
Only the three of them knew why. 
The sun rose and set again. Someone finally entered the yard in the evening. 
By now, many people were seated or lying down from hunger. It was a messy sight. 
Only Gareth sat straight and calmly looked ahead. 
Unexpectedly, the village chief and not the referee came to them. 
A smile appeared on his wizened face. He immediately instructed his servants to serve high-quality food and wine. 
"Sorry, everyone. I'm late due to some matters. You all must be hungry, so I've prepared some food. We will continue after the meal." 
The village chief smiled kindly after saying that. 
The smile calmed everyone's suspicion. 
Only Gareth astutely noticed something off about the village chief. 
He recalled what Anna said yesterday and suddenly understood everything. 
Gareth looked at the table covered with delicious cuisines but did not touch them. 
He observed the other contestants while they ate. 
Apart from Gareth, everyone ate like starved men. 
The village chief was surprised and angry as he looked at Gareth. 
He was astonished that someone could resist this test. 
Furthermore, he was furious that the only person who could resist was an outsider. 
Once everyone had their fill of food and wine, the village chief's expression turned solemn. 
He said, "Since everyone is done eating, I'll announce the winner of the warriors' tournament." 
His words triggered a massive reaction from the crowd. 
Everyone exchanged glances in confusion. Some were stunned. 
They could not determine how he could choose a winner over a meal.
###chapter1896
Chapter 1898 Champion's Triumph
Could it have been about who ate more? 
This was too absurd. 
As the spectators watched in disbelief, the village chief snorted and spoke slowly. 
"Let it be known to all that the Warriors' Tournament varies yearly, but this year marks an exceptional departure. For the champion of this year's competition, a unique honor awaits. Not only will they have the privilege to make a personal request of me, but they will also win the hand of my beloved daughter in marriage. In other words, this victor will become the next village chief." 
Although Gareth had been previously informed, he still felt a sharp shock as he grasped the situation. 
"Everyone has shown commendable performance, at least based on the first two rounds. However, in this round, except for him who did not finish the meal." The village chief's finger pointed at Gareth. 
He stood confidently, unaffected by the crowd's scrutiny, as if accustomed to being the center of attention. 
The village chief's stomach flipped as fear slowly crawled over his body. 
"Why, Village Chief? Why is he the exception?" 
"Could it be because Anna likes him, and the Village Chief set up this scheme for him?" 
"I suspect so. Otherwise, why choose him? What's the justification for his selection? I must admit I fall
short if they were seeking a handsome face." 
The village chief's mouth twitched as he listened to those squabbles. 
On the other hand, Gareth remained composed, as if he wasn't the subject of discussion. 
He seemed like a bystander, observing with a cold and distant gaze. 
The more indifferent Gareth appeared, the more the village chief found himself impressed by him. 
He was a stark contrast to the other brash men in the group. 
The village chief sighed softly and said, "Before the referee left, they instructed everyone not to depart, but three individuals did so anyway. This demonstrates disobedience, making arbitrary decisions, and displaying unwarranted arrogance!" 
The three individuals who had walked out lowered their heads as they left. 
The village chief looked around and continued, "After the food was served, you didn't even question it before indulging yourselves. This is the second mistake! A small amount of oleander has been added to the food." 
When the village chief's words fell, several individuals clutched their stomachs and wailed in agony. 
The oleander had already taken effect. 
Not lethal, yet potent enough to catapult anyone into an abyss of agony. 
The village chief looked at the group of people writhing on the ground, shook his head, and walked over to Gareth's side. He carefully assessed him, taking his time to examine every detail. 
Gareth remained stiff and silent as the village chief scrutinized. 
Their eyes locked, and they continued their silent exchange. 
Eventually, the village chief extended his hand, placing it gently on Gareth's shoulder. 
"Good lad, I'm entrusting the village and Anna to you. I can rest easy." 
The village chief appeared genuinely pleased, an uncommon sight for his reserved demeanor. His smile deepened the creases on his face. 
However, Gareth took a step back and shook his head. 
"Apologies, Village Chief. I may have to disappoint your expectations. I can't take over the village, and there's no way I can marry Anna." 
The village chief's face darkened instantly, a fiery wrath and disdain clouding over his features. 
"What are you implying? Are you perhaps still fixated on that woman of yours? Elisa, is it? Given her history with you, she could serve as a concubine," the village chief scoffed. 
The village chief stood tall and imposing as if Elisa should be grateful for the opportunity to become Gareth's concubine. 
Gareth's fists were clenched tightly; his knuckles turned white as his frustration and tension intensified. 
He might have assaulted him if it weren't for the fact that he needed something from the village chief. Thus, he had to maintain a respectful demeanor even if the chief's words had angered him. 
Oblivious to Gareth's growing anger, the village chief continued, "I don't know where Anna falls short compared to that woman. Your eyes have been deceived; a true wife needs someone to support you."
###chapter1897
Chapter 1899 Forced Marriage
The village chief snorted coldly, "Not someone with a mere ornament, a vase, or a porcelain figurine." 
"She's not an ornament," Gareth retorted sternly, barely containing his disdain which visibly irked the village chief. 
Finding a suitable candidate with a romantic inclination willing to accept the arrangement had been challenging. 
Despite all the persuasions and urges, Gareth remained steadfast. 
They circled the same argument, yet it all boiled down to that one sentence. 
"I acknowledge my shortcomings. Therefore, I am unworthy of Anna." 
A vortex of anger swirled inside him, and the village chief was about to explode with rage. 
Gareth stared at him and said earnestly, "Before the finals, I already knew this time would be different. It was Anna who told me." 
The village chief's fury softened as soon as he heard Anna's name. 
Could it be that Anna informed Gareth about today's examination? 
No, there was no way… 
He kept it from everyone to ensure the fairness of the competition. 
Even the referee only learned the test questions right before today's event, resulting in impressive outcomes. 
So, how did Gareth know about this? 
Gareth smirked and continued, "Princess Anna didn't mention the content of the competition. However, she mentioned a task you assigned her beforehand." 
The village chief's heart dropped and went cold at the statement. Even though Gareth didn't explicitly mention what it was, they shared an unspoken understanding. 
The plan was for Anna to frame Gareth at an opportune moment, disqualifying him from the upcoming matches. 
However, the scheme failed due to Elisa's ingenuity and Anna's troubled conscience. 
As a result, Gareth managed to advance to the finals. 
He caught a whiff of something suspicious. 
Why would someone resort to unethical means to disqualify themselves? 
Was it solely to avoid borrowing from Nomadic Odyssey? 
On what grounds did the village chief assume Gareth would advance to the finals? 
Ultimately, Elisa snapped Gareth back to reality from the ordeal. 
The village chief had aged, and his age was catching up with him. 
Could it have been that he intended to identify a successor through this competition? 
Someone who could both marry Anna and assume his role. 
If so, being an outsider, Gareth would likely not have been a suitable candidate. 
If Anna had framed Gareth, he wouldn't have only lost this opportunity. Their relationship would have been entirely severed. 
Anna would have been more open to considering other promising young men if she hadn't insisted on marrying only him. 
The village chief didn't anticipate that, at the very last moment, Anna wouldn't follow through with his plan. 
He thought Anna couldn't let go of Gareth, which allowed Gareth to go into the finals. 
However, it was more than that. 
Anna had actually had a change of heart. 
She didn't want to interfere in their relationship or act against her conscience. 
After hearing Gareth's explanation, the village chief scowled. 
He was still determined to make Gareth yield. 
At that moment, Anna pushed the door open and knelt before the village chief. 
"Father, I've never asked you for anything in my life. Please don't push Gareth, and don't push me into this, either. Gareth and Elisa love each other deeply, and Elisa is a remarkable person. I won't be happy marrying someone who has already given his heart to another. They are destined to leave," Anna's voice quivered as she spoke, tears welling up. 
The village chief's heart ached as he embraced her. 
"Dear child, please stand up and talk," he said, his voice taking on a gentle tone. 
Tears stained her face as Anna was gently lifted to her feet by the village chief. His heart ached as he looked at her. 
He looked up and saw Elisa walking close behind, standing beside Gareth. 
They were indeed a match made in heaven. 
They locked eyes in a meaningful exchange, confirming their safety. This unspoken connection eased their anxieties and allowed them to breathe a sigh of relief. 
###chapter1898
Chapter 1900 Not So Fond Anymore
"That's alright. Let it out." 
He looked at the couple across from him and then at his tearful daughter in his arms. 
Everyone in the village knew that the chief loved his daughter dearly. 
In the end, he finally gave in. 
"I believe my body can withstand another Warriors' Tournament, and my precious daughter will wait for a hero to come and marry her," the village chief stated as he gently patted Anna's hand. 
Anna sniffled and nodded. 
She had made up her mind. 
Anna realized she had been naive, spoiled and lost. 
On the other hand, Elisa shone with her courage, intelligence, and compassion. 
In fact, Anna's perception of Elisa changed after she cared for an injured wild rabbit. 
Could a person who showed kindness to a helpless creature indeed be wicked? 
And if not, what drove Anna to stand against Elisa? 
As she watched their perfectly matched silhouettes, a question arose in Anna's mind that evening: Did she truly like Gareth? 
It wasn't solely about affection; she wanted to be possessive. 
Longing for something she couldn't have, Gareth became her fixation—a matter of conquest, nothing more. 
Now that she had let go, her affection waned. 
She wished she could be friends with Elisa instead. 
With that in mind, Anna smiled at her. 
A reciprocal smile from Elisa immediately dissolved the rift between them. 
"Then, what do you want?" 
The village chief inquired about Gareth's winning aspirations with the courtyard empty except for a few. 
Despite their unspoken understanding, Gareth took a deep breath and met the chief's gaze with unwavering determination. 
"The Nomadic Odyssey." 
The request didn't surprise the village chief much, and he raised an eyebrow. 
Gareth had anticipated a refusal and was ready to try to convince him. 
To their surprise, the village chief readily agreed. 
"Okay," he replied without hesitation, leaving even Anna shocked. 
The excuse was swallowed down. 
However, it was widely known that the "Nomadic Odyssey" was a treasure in the village, an item entrusted solely to the care of the village chief. 
Was he suggesting it be brought out immediately? 
Unusual circumstances often had hidden motives. 
Indeed, the village chief's seemingly straightforward response to Gareth's demands was not so simple after all. 
"However, the Nomadic Odyssey was merely on loan to you and must be returned," the village chief asserted. 
"Of course," Gareth nodded firmly. 
The village chief sneered like a cunning old fox. 
He pointed at Elisa, "So she'll stay here, waiting for your return to exchange the Nomadic Odyssey for
her." 
"No way," Gareth refused without hesitation. 
There was no way that he would leave Elisa behind. 
Elisa remained silent as she waited for the village chief's following words. 
If her hunch was correct, he had another trick up his sleeve. 
True enough, the village chief's smile grew deeper. 
"Since you don't want her to stay, you must stay. Otherwise, I won't lend you the Nomadic Odyssey. You have to give me some assurance, right?" 
"No." 
Elisa finally spoke. 
They came together, so how could one of them possibly leave alone? However, this time, Gareth didn't outright refuse. He requested some time to think it over. 
The village chief shrugged, signaling them to do as they pleased. 
He turned around with his hands behind his back. As he was about to leave, he muttered, "After all, it's not me who's in a hurry." 
This statement skillfully encapsulated both parties' sentiments. 
The village chief grumbled, "This isn't a cooperative attitude. Agreeing to some things and not others— how can we have a pleasant collaboration?" 
###chapter1899
Chapter 1901 Departure
In the end, Elisa, Gareth, and the village chief could not reach an agreement. 
Anna wanted to explain, but the village chief took her away. 
Elisa and Gareth returned home together. 
Mrs. Kella had already prepared a table full of food for them. When she saw that they had returned, she greeted them cheerfully. “Come sit down! It's time to eat.” 
Mrs. Kella noticed the expressions on their faces and assumed they hadn't won, so she didn't bring up the matter on her own. 
During the meal, all three were preoccupied with their own thoughts, preventing them from fully enjoying the food. 
After finishing her meal, Mrs. Kella put down her cutlery to give them some heartfelt advice. “Actually, sometimes it's quite good to let things take their natural course. If you've tried your best, then no matter what, there will be no regrets.” 
The two understood that Mrs. Kella was trying to tell them that some things could not be forced. 
However, how could one be content when they were just a hair's breadth away from success? 
Elisa managed a smile. “It's okay, Mrs. Kella. We'll take things slow.” 
After urging Mrs. Kella to go to bed in her room, Elisa looked at Gareth under the moonlight. For some reason, she felt that something was quite strange about him this time. 
There was always an unsettling and ominous feeling in her heart which made her frown constantly. 
Elisa sat next to Gareth, gently tapping him because he seemed lost in thought. 
“No worries. We'll just stick to what we initially discussed and steal it as planned. As soon as we get it, we must leave immediately. When the opportunity arises, we'll come back to apologize in person.” 
Gareth curved his lips into a smile, nodding slightly. 
If Elisa had carefully observed Gareth's expression, she would have certainly noticed that something was off. 
It was a pity that the moonlight was dim that day, and Gareth deliberately turned his head to prevent her from seeing him clearly. 
After a while, Gareth pointed to the bottle of alcohol on the table. “Join me for a drink. I've been under a lot of stress lately.” 
Elisa nodded and lifted her cup, but she hesitated a bit before taking a sip. 
“What's the matter?” Gareth asked, chuckling as he glanced at Elisa. “Are you afraid I've poisoned it?” He then poured himself a drink and finished it in a single gulp. 
With a gentle smile, Elisa shook her head. 
She was not afraid of being poisoned, but she was concerned that Gareth was going to take advantage of her falling unconscious to send her away. 
But now that Gareth had taken a gulp, she was more at ease. 
Under the moonlight, the two of them began to drink, one glass after the other. 
Suddenly, Elisa felt her eyelids grow heavy. Her head spun, and her vision blurred as if the whole world had started to spin around her. 
She inwardly cried out in alarm, turning her gaze toward Gareth. 
The latter wore an apologetic expression. Elisa knew she had been tricked, and her worst fears had indeed come to pass. 
She wanted to say something, but the drug took effect quickly. Elisa slumped onto the table, falling into a deep sleep. 
Before losing consciousness, Elisa had just one thought in mind. 
Gareth had deceived her. 
As he watched Elisa drift into unconsciousness, Gareth suppressed his reluctance, greedily tracing her eyes with his own gaze, as if he wanted to etch her image into his heart. 
“I'm sorry,” Gareth said indifferently. 
If it were not for such desperate circumstances, he would never have wanted to abandon Elisa, adrift in the vast ocean. 
However, the only ones left there now were Sodo, who harbored ulterior motives, as well as the cunning and crafty village chief. 
He simply couldn't bear to leave Elisa alone. 
“Soran, when you come back for me, I will personally atone for my sins.” Gareth's murmuring voice was carried away by the wind as his kisses gently landed on Elisa's eyelids. 
When Elisa came to, it was already bright outside. 
She instinctively thought that everything that happened yesterday was just a dream. 
But upon waking up and looking around, Elisa realized it was not a dream. 
Indeed, she was on a small boat, with an envelope beside her, as well as the Nomadic Odyssey. 
###chapter1900
Chapter 1902 Salvation
There were also two young girls and a burly man on the boat. 
Elisa knew him as the best swimmer and the most skilled sailor in the village. 
Elisa guessed that this was all arranged by Gareth. 
If the village chief truly wished to keep an eye on her, he could have simply assigned just anyone to accompany her. There was no need to send the person with the best swimming skills, who also happened to be an expert navigator. 
Those two little girls were his children. 
The two girls gathered around Elisa when they saw that she had regained consciousness. Speaking in somewhat broken Clusian, they asked, “Are you awake? Are you okay?” 
Both girls were fond of Elisa, simply because Elisa was very beautiful. 
People were naturally drawn to beauty. 
Elisa felt a bit uncomfortable and simply shook her head when faced with the girls' concern. 
“I'm fine, I just need some time alone.” 
Although the two girls were somewhat disappointed, they did not insist. They nodded, giving Elisa some space to be alone, and left the room. 
With trembling hands, Elisa took the envelope. Inside was Gareth's familiar handwriting, a sight she knew all too well. 
The letter read: I'm truly sorry for deceiving you. By the time you read this letter, you'll surely be on the boat. I understand that you might be angry or upset right now, and I know you're capable enough of swimming back. But I don't want you to do that. Soran, I'll wait for you to come back and get me. I'll apologize to you in person, okay? 
The name “Soran” was given to her by Mrs. Kella. 
When Elisa saw it, her hands were trembling. 
Indeed, she had considered swimming back recklessly to confront Gareth about why he had done this. 
They had clearly agreed to stick together through thick and thin, so why did he abandon her? 
Yet, after reading the letter, Elisa calmed down. 
Regardless of whether or not she was the type to vent her emotions, Elisa always weighed the pros and cons to find the best solution. This was something she always did on principle. 
Going back now was clearly not the best outcome. 
Thinking of Gareth, Elisa murmured, “You must wait for me to come back and get you. You must.” 
Elisa thus made up her mind. It was clear that she required sustenance on board the boat. 
Despite having received instructions from Gareth, Fabio was initially a bit worried that Elisa was going to slip away when he was not paying attention. 
Yet, when Fabio saw her behaving like that, he gradually began to feel at ease. 
Now, they were facing another critical situation. 
The group had been adrift at sea for an unknown number of days now, but one thing was certain— their food and potable water supplies were almost depleted. 
For several days in a row, they have only been eating one meal a day. It was no exaggeration to say that they were being very frugal with their supplies already. 
However, the coastline stretched on endlessly. 
Just as they were on the verge of starving to death on the boat, they encountered a large ship. 
It was a Clusian merchant ship. 
Elisa closed her eyes and let out a deep sigh. 
We're saved! 
After boarding the merchant ship, Elisa was pleasantly surprised to discover that it was one of her own fleet. 
The grand flag of Benett Corporation fluttered in the wind. 
Just like that, Elisa had officially established contact with the outside world. 
She immediately got in touch with Bella. 
At that time, Bella stood in the boardroom, confronting Paul with a relatively neutral tone. 
“There are still three days until the shareholders' meeting, so are you calling for it early? Paul, your wolfish ambition is as clear as day. Are you really so eager to replace Ms. Benett?” 
What was said was truly impertinent. The shareholders in attendance hung their heads low, wishing they could turn into ostriches and bury their heads in the sand. 
Paul narrowed his eyes, casting a somewhat dissatisfied glance at Rochelle, seemingly asking why they had to retain such a troublemaker in the company. 
Rochelle was also full of complaints. 
Who would have thought? I had Bella start from the bottom just to humiliate her.
###chapter1901
Chapter 1903 Dreams Come True
Who knew Bella would readily agree to the arrangement? 
No matter how much Rochelle had tried to make things difficult for Bella lately, the latter endured it all and stayed on until now, even going so far as to barge into the conference room. 
Of course, they could choose to throw Bella out, but that'd make it seem like they had ulterior motives and a guilty conscience. 
As it turned out, that was indeed the case. 
Paul cast an impatient look at Bella. “The shareholders meeting is meant to align with the shareholders' schedules. What difference does it make if it's three days early or three days late? Ms. Benett may be gone, but we're still alive. Are we not allowed to keep the company going? Do you think she'd want Benett Corporation to crash and burn overnight?” 
Upon seeing Paul's pompous demeanor, Bella bit her lip in frustration. 
“All I know is that no matter what, Ms. Benett would never want the company to fall into the hands of a sc*mbag like you!” 
Now, Paul was truly enraged. 
To be more precise, he couldn't wait any longer. 
If everything had gone as planned, he'd rightfully take the helm at the company after the shareholders
meeting and assume total control. 
Alas, there just had to be a fly in the ointment. 
Paul had been feeling uneasy for the past few days, and even his dreams were about Elisa making a powerful comeback and driving him out. 
Therefore, to avoid any complications caused by undue delay, he decided to bring forward the meeting. 
He had already spoken to the other shareholders, and as for the old-timers who disagreed with him, he could always find a reason to dismiss them after the meeting. 
That way, it wouldn't matter whether Elisa was dead or alive. 
Even if the woman were to return from the dead, any retaliation on her part would undoubtedly be of no avail. 
How, then, could Paul allow Bella to ruin his plans? 
Meanwhile, Bella was starting to incite the masses by going down the line of shareholders. 
“You! When the company you were in charge of got into trouble, Ms. Benett did everything she could to help you. It's because of her that you're where you are today. And you... Have you forgotten how you climbed the corporate ladder? You! Who do you think covered your mother's medical bills back then? Have you all forgotten?” 
Indeed, the group of people singled out by Bella had all received Elisa's kindness and support at some point in their lives. 
Even though their capabilities shouldn't be overlooked in their rise to the top, it was also undeniable that they wouldn't have gotten there without Elisa promoting them. 
Needless to say, Bella was utterly disheartened by how heartless people could be and how easily they changed their loyalties. 
Several guilt-ridden shareholders suddenly stood up and turned to Paul. “Let's postpone the meeting if we can't work this out. After all, it's just a matter of three days. That's not a long wait.” 
Paul's expression instantly turned as black as thunder. 
After signaling to Rochelle with a glance to call for security, he spoke up with a deep voice. 
“What's the matter, everyone? Are we treating the shareholders meeting like a game we can bring forward and postpone whenever we like?” 
By then, Paul had torn his mask away and dropped all pretense. 
After all, who cared about maintaining civility when his sole intention was to get his hands on the company? 
With that, the security guards filed into the room one after another, ready to escort Bella away. 
The latter put on a fierce struggle, but sadly, it was difficult fighting two men off by herself. 
Just as she was about to be thrown out of the room, a booming voice suddenly rang out. 
“Stop!” 
Everyone turned toward the sound and couldn't hide their surprise when they saw Julia Smith. 
Although Julia was no longer in the business sector, her reputation remained positive and strong. 
There wasn't a single person who hadn't heard of her fame and deeds, so naturally, they all held a certain respect for her. 
Paul, on the other hand, instinctively felt that something was amiss. It felt like he was watching events spiral out of control, yet he was powerless to do anything. 
Then again, despite the frustration and reluctance, he knew he couldn't skip his social niceties. 
With that, Paul stood up and looked at Julia with a smile. 
“What brings you here today?” 
###chapter1902
Chapter 1904 Betrayal
Julia had always despised those who fawned over the rich and powerful, and that was only made worse when she learned about Paul's intention to take advantage of others' misfortunes. Within seconds, her expression turned grim as she gave Paul a side-eye. 
“If I don't show up soon, my granddaughter-in-law's company and assets will fall into the hands of others, and my granddaughter will be tossed out like garbage!” she scoffed, words dripping with sarcasm. 
It was only then that everyone came to know of Bella's true identity. 
Huh? She's Gareth's sister? 
Everyone turned around in shocked disbelief, only to see that Bella had moved to stand behind Julia. 
Julia's appearance, without a doubt, had given her a boost of strength and confidence. 
Paul, however, was visibly displeased. 
Argh! I don't understand why it's so hard to seize power even when Elisa is gone. 
After careful consideration, Paul spoke up. “Madam Smith, I'm addressing you as such out of respect. However, with regards to matters that aren't within your purview... I'd appreciate it if you could refrain from interfering.” 
Julia merely let out a cold sneer. After all, she had braved and fought through various storms in her lifetime, so why would she be scared off by a few words from Paul? 
As she swept her gaze around the room, some people hung their heads low, not daring to make eye contact with her. 
“Let me repeat myself. Benett Corporation is my granddaughter-in-law's company, and I'm taking charge of it from today onward!” 
Upon hearing those words, Paul gave a violent shudder. He felt helpless about the situation, but at the same time, he refused to accept his fate. 
As much as he hated to admit it, he couldn't shake off the nagging feeling of dread. 
The next second, Julia began to use both coercion and bribery. 
Her face wore a kindly smile that never changed over the years, but in that instant, there was malice behind it. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, do you prefer to hold the shareholders meeting as scheduled or bring it forward?” she asked, smiling like a harmless, friendly old lady from next door. 
However, it was clear that she wasn't giving anyone much choice. 
Instead, she was telling them to pick a side, and anyone who dared go up against her would have to think twice before ever working with her company again. 
Although Gareth had disappeared, there was no internal strife in his company. 
Not only had Julia forcibly suppressed it, but she also went to the extent of overhauling the shareholders. 
Therefore, everyone needed to consider carefully before taking a stand with Paul. 
For a moment, the air in the conference room was thick with tension, and nobody dared to breathe. 
Julia, however, was at ease and unaffected in the slightest. 
After much hesitation, the first person stood up and looked apologetically at Paul. “I'm sorry, Mr. Grayson. Let's proceed with the shareholders meeting as previously scheduled. I have some matters to attend to, so I'll take my leave first.” 
Once the first person had broken the silence, the others followed one after another. 
“Sorry, Mr. Grayson. I have to leave now. My wife is about to give birth.” 
“Sorry, Mr. Grayson. I need to pick up my child from school.” 
“Sorry, Mr. Grayson. My mother is in the hospital. I need to go see her.” 
Interestingly enough, the shareholders who were originally free were suddenly busy. 
It had only been half an hour since Julia entered the conference room, and now, it was almost empty. 
The only ones who remained were Paul, his face filled with indignance as he wished he could bite Julia to death, and Rochelle, seething with jealousy.
Julia gazed around the empty conference room and picked up her bag with satisfaction. Before leaving, she turned to Paul, who looked utterly miserable and defeated. “Mr. Grayson, the wages of sin is death. It's better to stop coveting other people's things and keep your feet on the ground. After all, what doesn't belong to you will never be yours.” 
Paul clenched his jaws tightly, so angry that he could almost crush his teeth. 
“Do you think you've won?” he spat out as he glared at Julia. “Let's see what other excuses you have when Elisa doesn't return after three days!” 
Julia's steps faltered ever so slightly, but soon, she recovered and strutted off. 
###chapter1903
Chapter 1905 Fulfilling Her Promise
Bella also left the meeting room but could not bring herself to feel happy. 
After all, even though Paul was annoying, he did make a valid point. 
Julia did not own any shares in Benett Corporation. At present, she was only managing to hold her own due to everyone's fear and favor toward her. 
But after three days, if Elisa had not returned, there would be nothing she could do. 
While she was brooding, a call from an unknown number came through on her mobile phone. 
After the call connected, Bella nearly burst into tears. 
“Bella, it's me. Are you all right?” 
It was Elisa's voice! 
Bella immediately handed the phone to Julia. The latter took a surprised step back upon hearing Elisa's voice. 
Even the formerly illustrious woman had tears welling up in her eyes at that moment. 
Having already grown old, her greatest wish was for the well-being of her children and grandchildren. 
The news that Gareth and Elisa had fallen into the sea stuck her like a bolt from the blue. She felt as if the sky was about to collapse. 
Still, she had to pull herself together and not let others see through her sadness and pain. 
Fortunately, Elisa is still alive. Thank heavens. 
Bella and Julia quickly got into the car to prevent the news of Elisa's survival from leaking out. Only after the vehicle had left Benett Corporation did Julia begin to speak. 
“Sweetie, are... Are you okay? Where's that rascal Gareth?” 
Julia's voice choked up as she spoke, while Bella had already been crying so hard that she could not speak. 
Elisa, who was stranded in a foreign land, could not help but become emotional when she heard her family member's worried voice. 
She explained the whole story from beginning to end, especially mentioning that she was currently on her way to pick up Gareth. 
After learning that both of them were unharmed, Julia finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
When a person reached old age, all they aspired to and wished for was to see the younger generation thrive; nothing more. 
Bella briefly mentioned the events earlier that day, to which Elisa responded with a sneer. 
“In three days? I'll definitely bring a huge surprise for Paul.” 
With an unsuspecting heart, Bella immediately asked Elisa where she was and if they could meet. 
Julia spoke up before Elisa could respond. “No. Paul saw our aggressive approach today, so he might suspect we have a backup plan. He's probably sent someone to follow us.” 
Elisa's voice rang out. “Grandma and I share the same thoughts. We won't meet for now. I'm just calling to let you know I'm safe. In three days, Gareth and I will surely give Paul a big surprise at Benett Corporation.” 
Julia noticed that Elisa addressed Gareth in a friendlier tone, which delighted her. 
She also understood that after spending time together, at the very least, the two of them were no longer at odds or without any ties as they were before. 
Building connections is always beneficial. 
After a bit of casual chatter, Elisa ended the call. She was out at sea about to enter a no man's land, which was a place without any signal. 
She intended to keep her promise of picking up Gareth. 
On the ship, Fabio and his two daughters finally realized just how wealthy Elisa was. 
The large ship rocked with the waves, taking three days before it returned. 
When Elisa spotted the small island, a feeling of coming home welled up within her. 
It was not because she felt a strong sense of belonging there but rather because of someone she cared about. 
From a distance, Elisa saw a person sitting on the rocks. 
Who could it be if not Gareth? 
“Cameron!” 
Elisa called out the name that Mrs. Kella had given to him. 
Gareth also stood up and looked toward the big ship. 
Everything was so wonderful. 
It was only then that the villagers on the island came to realize the extraordinary identities of Elisa and Gareth. 
###chapter1904
Chapter 1906 Return To The Small Island
As the ship drew closer, the villagers became increasingly cautious. Due to the approaching vessel's colossal size, they were on high alert and warily fixed their eyes on it until Elisa got off the ship. 
She was wearing a black strapless mermaid gown that perfectly accentuated her figure. Her eyebrows were slightly raised, and her eyes captivating, making her irresistible. 
Her fair skin shone in the sunlight. 
She was stunningly beautiful. 
Elisa's gaze flitted over everyone before finally resting on Gareth, who spotted her at first glance. 
The two individuals continued to draw closer, reducing the distance between them. 
It took everyone a good while to recognize that the woman was Elisa. 
In the meantime, she and Gareth were already in each other's arms. 
Their embrace conveyed pure gratitude without a trace of ambiguity or any other implications. 
They were grateful to the other person as well as to themselves. Regardless of the process, as long as the outcome is good, that was all that mattered. 
Elisa's lips quirked up as she leaned closer to whisper into Gareth's ear, “I've come back for you, b*stard.” 
Gareth returned her smile and said, “Indeed, I'm a b*stard. I shouldn't have left you alone. It must have been hard for you. Thank you for coming to pick me up.” 
The two embraced, sharing words that only they could understand. 
It was not until the village chief came out that they finally separated. 
Cough! Cough! 
A familiar cough echoed through the air. Everyone turned toward the sound, and unsurprisingly, it was the village chief. 
When the village chief heard that Elisa had returned, he found it somewhat unbelievable and hurried over to assess the situation. 
Upon seeing Elisa, he was happy and worried at the same time. 
The reason was simple. The village chief had already made arrangements to offer a Nomadic Odyssey in exchange for a husband for his daughter. 
Doing so might be seen as dishonorable and selfish, but he had dedicated half of his life to his responsibilities and simply couldn't bear to part with his only daughter. 
The village chief thought that Elisa would never return. 
Hence, he kept asking Gareth to marry into his family during this period. 
However, the latter firmly rejected the idea every time the village chief brought it up. 
Left with no other choice, the village chief and Gareth agreed that if Elisa did not return within half a month, Gareth would marry Anna. 
Gareth merely curled the corner of his lips into a smile and gazed into the distance as if he could see Elisa beyond the bounds of space. 
“She will come back. She definitely will,” he uttered. 
The village chief never expected Elisa to return, let alone so swiftly. 
The moment Elisa saw the village chief, she returned the Nomadic Odyssey to its rightful owner. 
At the same time, she gave the village chief a new type of compass, which was even more accurate than the Nomadic Odyssey. 
The village chief, holding the compass, was at a loss for words. 
The villagers on the island were very friendly, wanting to plan a farewell party for Elisa and Gareth. 
If all went as planned, the two visitors from afar would be leaving soon. 
Everyone went from initial rejection to reluctance for them to leave. 
Elisa did not refuse their kindness. After all, there was nothing wrong with saying a proper goodbye to people you had known for a while. 
And so, preparations for the farewell party began in full swing. 
During this time, Elisa and Gareth stayed in the courtyard, with Elisa sharing with Mrs. Kella everything she had seen and experienced recently. 
It had been thrilling as they had even encountered sharks and pirates along the way. 
Nevertheless, they managed to get through the dangers safely. 
When he heard Elisa recount her experiences, Gareth furrowed his brows, clearly displaying his distress. 
Despite sharing Gareth's distress, Mrs. Kella was also glad to be fortunate enough to meet such lovely youngsters. 
Mrs. Kella patted Elisa and Gareth's hands before rummaging around to find two jade rings. She insisted on slipping them onto their fingers. 
Elisa kept backing away. “Mrs. Kella, how can we possibly accept something that's yours?” 
###chapter1905
Chapter 1907 Farewell Party
“We've already caused you enough trouble during this period. How could we possibly accept your gifts? It should be us showing our respect to you.” Elisa waved her hand, firmly refusing to accept the rings. 
However, Mrs. Kella said, “What are you talking about? Surely you don't still consider me an outsider.” 
At that point, Mrs. Kella frowned, looking at Elisa with clear disapproval. 
Elisa shook her head. “Of course not.” 
After she finished her sentence, Mrs. Kella laughed. “In that case, accept these rings.” 
Elisa was about to decline, but Gareth stepped in to mediate. “Since it's a gift from Mrs. Kella, you should accept it. After all, didn't you also bring something for her? It's like a fair exchange between you two.” 
Upon hearing that, Mrs. Kella burst into hearty laughter. Although the words were somewhat nonchalant, they brought a sense of comfort to both of them. 
Upon hearing that, Elisa graciously accepted the rings. 
And so, Mrs. Kella slipped a pair of jade rings onto the index fingers of the two individuals. 
The jade rings, originally buried and dimmed by time, seemed to regain their vitality as soon as they were worn. 
The more Elisa looked at it, the more she liked it. Under the sunlight, the jade ring dazzled and caught
the eye. 
Mrs. Kella was looking at the jade ring and laughing, but her laughter soon turned into sobs. 
“Those jade rings were a token of love that Sodo's grandpa gave me when he was young. They had been stored at the bottom of my chest for all these years. I didn't want to leave them to Sodo out of concern he might sell them, nor did I want the jade rings to never see the light of day and be buried with me. So today, I gave the rings to both of you, hoping that the jade rings can witness your happiness in my stead.” 
Mrs. Kella spoke at length, her eyes lingering on the two of them, reluctant to part. 
Everyone knew in their hearts that after that meeting, it was uncertain when the next one would be. 
A subtle air of sadness spread, leaving one at a loss for words. 
Elisa looked at Mrs. Kella, promising that when she had time, she would come to relax and visit her with Gareth. 
Mrs. Kella held back her tears, showing no insistence, only managing to nod vigorously. 
Even someone as composed as Mrs. Kella would retreat when faced with familial affection. 
The room had become unbearable to stay in. Every time Mrs. Kella saw the two of them, she couldn't help but think of the future, and tears would uncontrollably stream down her face. 
After soothing Mrs. Kella, Elisa and Gareth decided to get some fresh air in the courtyard, quietly
awaiting the arrival of the farewell party in the evening. 
At that moment, Anna came looking for them. 
Her face was flushed, and she lowered her head, much like the first time she met Gareth. 
But that time, it wasn't Gareth who made her blush. Instead, it was Elisa. 
Anna glanced at Elisa cautiously and said, “Your farewell party is about to start. Actually, all the girls on the island like you very much. They think you are kind, intelligent, and brave. They believe you are the perfect match for Gareth.” After saying that, Anna's face turned even redder, as red as a monkey's bottom. “And I-I think so too.” 
With that, Anna, blushing, made her exit. As she scampered off, she took a moment to remind the two to attend the farewell party. 
With a smile, Elisa agreed. 
Perhaps due to the simplicity of the local customs, or perhaps because they remained unaffected by the outside world, the people there had pure thoughts and treated others kindly. 
As long as they saw others' good side, they would let go of their previous prejudices. 
The village chief was like that, and so was Anna. 
The farewell party began promptly in the evening. 
Fine wine and delicious meat were on offer, and in addition, beautiful women and handsome men danced around the bonfire. 
Elisa couldn't help but steal a few more glances at those men's robust muscles and perfect physique. 
Suddenly, everything before her eyes turned black as a large hand reached out to block her entire field of view.
###chapter1906
Chapter 1908 The World Outside
Elisa looked at Gareth with annoyance. 
Gareth chuckled lightly and said, “If you're interested in their muscular physiques, I can show you mine when we get back.” 
Elisa rolled her eyes. 
The two of them had gone through life-and-death situations together, and their trust in each other had deepened. The atmosphere between them was no longer as tense as it was at the beginning. They could even be considered as having a close relationship now. 
What troubled Gareth was that the atmosphere between the two of them never became ambiguous. 
Perhaps it was Elisa's carefree nature that, despite their many intimate interactions, surprisingly failed to ignite any sparks between them. 
That left Gareth puzzled. The farewell party gave him an irresistible urge to drown his sorrows in alcohol. 
Perhaps because they were about to leave, many people who had previously spoken ill or wronged Elisa and Gareth came to apologize to them. 
The person who approached them was Anna's sidekick. She apologized timidly, saying, “I'm sorry, Elisa. I shouldn't have spoken ill of you.” 
“It's okay.” Elisa constantly wore a smile, making her appear very approachable. 
“I'm sorry, Gareth. I shouldn't have mocked you.” The man who spoke was one of Sodo's followers who jeered at Gareth during the warriors' tournament. 
Gareth, of course, didn't mind. The man raised his glass. With a gulp of wine, their grievances became water under the bridge. 
That was also Gareth's exact intention. He also gulped glasses of alcohol in response. 
The vibe was wonderful, yet there was a subtle hint of melancholy lingering in the air. 
After three rounds of drinks, Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances. Elisa rose to her feet, found the village chief, and shared with him all the thoughts she had been harboring. “Village chief, I wonder if there's a chance for us to collaborate with you and the island villagers. Through mutual exchange, we can bring benefits to each other. You can rest assured. To maintain the purity of the village, we won't overdevelop, nor will we disturb the normal life of the villagers.” 
Elisa and Gareth hoped that the island could send young adults out every year to learn advanced technologies from the outside world or to further their studies. Only then could they return and contribute to the better development of the island. 
More importantly, the island had an abundance of jade and jadeite, like the jade rings on their fingers. The locals treated those materials as mere stones, but selling them off could actually significantly improve the villagers' living conditions. 
After he listened to Elisa's proposal, the village chief fell into deep thought. 
In truth, Elisa wasn't very optimistic, particularly given the village chief's somewhat xenophobic tendencies. 
She knew she had to take her time with the matter and couldn't rush into things. 
Elisa said, “Don't worry, our merchant ships will be around here. Whenever you've made up your mind, feel free to contact any merchant ship bearing the name of Benett Corporation.” 
Failing to persuade the village chief in one fell swoop was quite regrettable, but she had anticipated that outcome. 
If it weren't for the lack of time, Elisa was quite confident that she could persuade the village chief. 
“Don't worry. We have plenty of time.” Gareth, seeing through Elisa's disappointment, offered words of comfort. 
The farewell party continued until the early hours of the morning. 
So, after rounds of drinking, there were soon hardly any sober people left. 
It was at that moment that Elisa stood up, dusted herself off, and extended her hand toward Gareth. “We should get going.” 
Grasping her hand, Gareth pulled himself up. 
The two of them headed toward the merchant ship together. 
That was also a decision they had made together. 
Leaving in broad daylight meant having to face the villagers. Neither of them wanted to part with the villagers, so slipping away quietly was the best way to do it. 
“I don't know when I'll have the chance to return once I leave,” Elisa murmured. She seemed to be talking to herself, yet also as if speaking to Gareth. 
Gareth subtly shifted his posture. “There will always be time. As long as you want, I'll accompany you to come back here.” 
###chapter1907
Chapter 1909 Reclaiming Everything
Elisa feigned nonchalance, shrugging slightly. “It doesn't matter anymore. I'm going back to reclaim everything that's mine! These little mice have had their fun. It's about time to put an end to all of this.” 
Elisa's gaze hardened as she looked in a certain direction. 
The ship then set sail. 
Unbeknownst to them, under the moonlight, Mrs. Kella stood on that rock, watching the two depart. 
“Is that Mrs. Kella? That figure resembles hers.” 
“It can't be. Mrs. Kella has already gone to bed.” 
In the blink of an eye, three days had passed. Over those three days, Paul's right eyelid kept twitching, giving him a constant feeling that something bad was about to happen. 
However, he didn't know what was going to happen. 
That intense pressure was nearly driving him mad. 
Fortunately, the day of the official shareholders meeting had arrived. 
In no time, he would officially become the person in charge of Benett Corporation. Even if Elisa were to come back from the dead, he would have nothing to fear. 
With those thoughts in mind, Paul strutted confidently into the meeting room. 
Rochelle had been waiting for a long time. She was in charge of persuading the shareholders, and at that moment, she was looking at Paul with a triumphant expression. 
With just one glance, Paul understood that the majority of those present had already switched sides. All is ready except the most crucial thing. 
“All right. Let's get started, then.” 
Paul flashed a graceful smile, curling the corner of his lips with high aspiration. 
Rochelle stood up and announced the agenda for the meeting, “The first agenda is about the revoking of Elisa Benett's directorship and appointing Paul Grayson as the chairman.” 
Paul closed his eyes, a look of enjoyment on his face. The sound of Rochelle's voice sounded like heavenly music to him. 
Or rather, it wasn't Rochelle's voice that was pleasant but what she was saying. 
Soon, it wouldn't be long before he could rightfully claim that coveted position and earn the respect of everyone! 
With a smile, Rochelle said, “Please raise your hands to vote.” 
Some of the directors began to discuss among themselves. Gradually, a few of them raised their hands. Those were all prearranged by Rochelle and Paul. 
The other directors were indecisive, still hesitating, but their stances were not very firm either. 
Paul watched, his heart filled with joy. 
It was at that moment that a discordant voice echoed through. “Wait!” 
Paul furrowed his brows, quickly turning around to look. 
When he saw Bella, he let out a sigh of relief. As long as it's not her, it's fine... 
What followed was a surge of rage. 
Bella had interrupted his plans time and again, but today, he was determined to succeed! 
“Who let this b*tch in? Security, get her out of here now!” Paul barked at Rochelle with a menacing tone. 
Only then did Rochelle return to her senses and call the security guard. 
In a neither supercilious nor obsequious demeanor, Bella walked into the conference room. 
The board of directors looked at her, puzzled. 
A faint smile played at the corners of Bella's mouth, appearing as if she had everything under control. 
This smile sent Paul into an uncontrollable panic. 
At that point, he couldn't imagine what cards Bella still had up her sleeve that could stop him. Unless... No, it can't be! 
Paul's eyes were bloodshot. He lost his composure for the first time and bellowed at Bella, “Get out! This is not a place for you. This is a shareholders meeting! Even if Julia were to come today, I wouldn't be courteous to her!” 
Paul's eyes were wide with fury. The torment he had been enduring in the past days was driving him to the brink of madness. 
Julia would occasionally give Paul the false impression that Elisa seemed to have returned. 
However, after a thorough investigation, he couldn't find anything and figured that it was just a false alarm. 
Paul was on the verge of becoming schizophrenic. 
###chapter1908
Chapter 1910 Return
That had led to the usually composed Paul losing his cool and lashing out at Bella. 
Even Paul's hand, pointing at Bella, was shaking. 
The security guard arrived just in time and immediately attempted to escort Bella away. 
Paul also turned around, his gaze falling on the board of directors. 
A forced smile tugged at the corner of his mouth. “Don't mind her. Let's carry on. The election of a new chairman—” 
“Mr. Grayson, why didn't you wait for me to convene a board meeting?” 
Before Paul could finish his words, he was interrupted by a crisp female voice. 
Paul couldn't be more familiar with that voice. 
Paul's pupils dilated the moment he heard it. He was even trembling in disbelief. He wanted to turn around to confirm what was happening, but he felt as if he was nailed to the spot, unable to move. 
In contrast, Rochelle seemed to be doing much better. At the very least, she could still move around normally. 
She turned around stiffly, and, in no time, she turned to a state similar to Paul's. 
Rochelle was so frightened that she plopped down onto the chair. 
Everything happened so quickly that the smug smile at the corner of her mouth didn't even have time to fully fade before it was replaced by an expression of shock and fear. 
Her pupils slightly contracted, her lips slightly parted, yet a trace of a smile still lingered at the corners of her mouth, giving her an eerie appearance, looking as if she was seeing a ghost. 
Clack! Clack! Clack! 
The sound of high heels hitting the floor echoed from behind. The group of directors stood up, their expressions complex as they turned to look at the newcomer. 
It was at that moment that Paul cautiously turned around. 
Then, he saw the person he least wanted to see. It was Elisa! 
“Aren't you supposed to be dead?” Paul asked, his eyes wide with disbelief. 
He couldn't comprehend why she could come back to life and stand before him at such a critical moment. 
He couldn't understand and was unwilling to accept the turn of events! 
Paul couldn't help but take a step back, unlike Rochelle, who simply slumped down in her seat. 
However, he could barely stand upright, needing to prop one hand on the table for support. 
Elisa laughed carefreely and brightly. 
“Mr. Grayson, who told you I was dead? A black and white photo of me is even hanging outside.” Elisa paused, then said with a fake smile, “You really went out of your way, didn't you?” 
It wasn't that he was being kind. Paul was clearly just eager to tell everyone that she, Elisa, was already dead, so it was time for a change of leader. 
Furthermore, that gesture could also highlight his kindness. 
He had put a lot of effort into scheming, but it was all in vain, as Elisa had returned safe and sound. 
Paul managed to maintain his composure, his eyes scanning the room. He cleared his throat before saying, “T-The police said that since they haven't found a body for so long, the chances of survival were slim. But fortunately, you're blessed with luck and have returned safely, Ms. Benett.” He was practically speaking through gritted teeth toward the end of his sentence. 
Elisa knew he was furious right now, so much so that he wished he could strangle her on the spot. So what? 
It seemed as if Elisa had no intention of prying into the matter. She simply sidestepped Paul, plopped herself down in the main seat, and smiled brightly at all the shareholders. 
Even though it was a bright sunny day, everyone felt cold, as if they were trapped in an ice cellar. 
Elisa was smiling, yet her smile was laced with a hint of frost, sending chills down everyone's spine. 
For some reason, after Elisa survived her ordeal and returned, she seemed to have become even more terrifying than before. 
She was terrifying in the past, but she was scary in a flamboyant and undisguised manner. 
But now, the spine-chilling aura she emanated was covert. 
Reservedness was always more terrifying than ostentation.
###chapter1909
Chapter 1911 Settle The Score
“Congratulations on your safe return, Ms. Benett. During your disappearance, we've been praying constantly. Thank goodness. The heavens have heard our prayers.” 
“Indeed, indeed. Without Ms. Benett, who knows what will happen to the company.” 
“Isn't that the truth? Ms. Benett is blessed with luck.” 
As soon as the first person started to bootlick Elisa, others began to pledge their loyalty. 
And so, Paul was left out in the cold. 
The expression on Paul's face underwent a series of drastic changes. 
The current scene made him feel superfluous, especially since he was the only one standing, which made him stand out awkwardly. 
Bella managed to shake off the security guard and took a seat at the director's position after Elisa entered the conference room. 
No one questioned it, as no one dared to. 
On the other hand, Paul was in a predicament. Caught between a rock and a hard place, he didn't know whether to sit or remain standing. 
Bella swept her gaze across the crowd, a sneer playing on his lips as she observed their expressions. Those who were truly loyal to Elisa were absent. Those present were either already siding with Paul or
were still undecided. 
At that very moment, they felt a tingling sensation on their scalp and were on pins and needles. They desperately wished for a method for them to prove their loyalty to Elisa. 
Regrettably, Elisa just smiled, leaning back in her chair. She stared ahead with a hazy gaze and a vacant look on her face. Others couldn't tell what was on her mind. 
It would be normal if she had flown into a rage and questioned them. 
Yet, oddly enough, Elisa had no superfluous movements or expressions, behaving no different from an outsider. 
As Elisa was just too intimidating in that demeanor, Rochelle couldn't help but flatter her. 
“Ms. Benett could return because she's compassionate and merciful to the living. It's also because of your outstanding capabilities that the heavens blessed you with good fortune, Ms. Benett.” 
Paul's face turned even more unsightly after he heard that. He shot Rochelle a fierce glare. 
Rochelle really had no choice. If circumstances allowed, she wouldn't want to suck up to Elisa. 
Despite the compliments from so many people, Elisa didn't react. However, when Rochelle complimented her, she raised an eyebrow, and her gaze fell on Rochelle. 
Rochelle truly experienced the meaning of a glance that weighed a ton. 
With just a casual glance, Elisa seemed to be able to see through all of Rochelle's thoughts and understand what the latter feared the most. 
That feeling of being seen through by others was quite unsettling, yet there was nothing Rochelle could do about it. 
As soon as Elisa spoke, Rochelle's face changed. 
She said, “Who can tell me why you're sitting here? If I'm not mistaken, you should have been fired already.” 
Rochelle stammered, unable to articulate a coherent explanation. 
Paul's veins bulged in anger, realizing that Elisa was just trying to pick a fight. 
Clenching his fist, he said, “I was the one who rehired Rochelle.” 
It seemed as if Elisa had heard some hilarious joke, and she started laughing. 
Everyone was too scared to speak, let alone discuss anything. 
All they could do was sit there in silence, anxiously waiting for what Elisa would say next. 
Having had her fill of laughter, Elisa wiped away the tears that had formed from her amusement. “I never knew that a person fired by the chairman could be rehired. Mr. Grayson, can you tell me what's the logic behind this?” 
Paul was rendered speechless. 
Despite it being common knowledge that he intended to seize power and replace Elisa, he knew Elisa was also aware. 
Elisa also knew that Paul understood that she knew. 
However, Paul couldn't voice it out. 
Understanding and voicing out were two different things. If he truly spoke out, he would become a complete traitor. 
###chapter1910
Chapter 1912 Miscarriage
However, even if Paul remained silent, there were plenty of others in the conference room. 
A stout shareholder stood up, smacking his lips, and said with a sycophantic smile, “Isn't it because Paul harbors hidden intentions? He wants to replace you. He's nothing but a thorough traitor!” 
Once someone took the lead, the others began to chime in, shouting, “Traitor!” 
Paul looked at those people. He knew they were unreliable, but he never imagined they could be that unreliable. 
Elisa was not taken aback. 
The reason she didn't immediately deal with Paul and Rochelle was to enjoy the spectacle of the dog- eat-dog situation. 
Those shareholders, who pledged their allegiance to Paul when she was missing could also change sides upon her return. 
Paul certainly understood such a simple concept. 
Yet, such a state of isolation and helplessness plunged him into despair. 
However, Paul was not someone to be trifled with. 
He spat directly at that person's face. 
“Who the h*ll do you think you are? You were the first to switch sides. You're nothing but a fence-sitter, aren't you?” After saying that, Paul completely lost his temper, pointing and cursing at everyone, “You all think Elisa will let you off the hook, don't you? Stop dreaming. Do you think you can survive after driving me away? Each and every one of you will be rendered powerless. We might as well band together and drive this d*mn woman out!” 
Paul spoke with radiant passion, his words resounding and powerful. 
Unfortunately, no one responded. 
Why did Paul only dare to rebel when Elisa was not around? 
It was because Elisa had absolute control over the shares. 
That was no joking matter. 
She could dismiss those shareholders in a matter of minutes. It was just a question of whether she was willing or not. 
Everyone was not a fool, so they began to quarrel with Paul. 
The situation suddenly became somewhat out of control. 
As Paul spoke, he became so agitated that he was even ready to fight. 
Chairs and documents were being thrown as pandemonium reigned inside the conference room. 
Everyone began to blame and insult each other, shirking responsibility. 
Elisa sat in the main seat, fiddling with the jade ring given by Mrs. Kella, watching the scene before her with a cold gaze. This is really boring. I have to watch them quarrel as soon as I return. The peaceful life on the island seems much more appealing in comparison. 
Seeing the situation gradually spiraling out of control, Rochelle thought about slipping away unnoticed. 
Unfortunately, as soon as the door opened, she was forced to retreat back. 
Gareth was standing outside. 
Behind him stood several tall and strong police officers. 
When everyone saw the police come in, they gradually calmed down. 
They were genuinely brawling just now. 
When the fighting eventually ceased, Paul's face and body were covered in bruises. 
The board members were left with no alternative. Although there were contradictions among those directors internally, they understood where the root of the conflict lay. 
Therefore, they presented a united front against their common enemy. 
As a result, the brawl evolved from a one-on-one fight to a group beating. Not to mention, Paul was the
one getting beaten. 
When the police arrived, they arrested Paul on the spot. 
Naturally, he wasn't alone. Rochelle was also detained. 
In contrast, Rochelle seemed far less composed, her voice piercingly shrill as she shrieked, “Why are you arresting me? I was rehired by Paul. What does this have to do with me?” 
Upon hearing that, Paul was so furious that he couldn't contain himself. He lashed out, landing a kick on Rochelle's stomach. 
With a yelp, Rochelle realized a large amount of blood was leaking out from her lower body. 
She was pregnant. 
To be more precise, she had suffered a miscarriage. 
Gareth frowned slightly, subconsciously glancing at Elisa. He didn't want her to witness such an unsightly scene. 
He waved his hand.
###chapter1911
Chapter 1913 Handle
Rochelle was urgently rushed to the hospital. 
Rochelle passed out. Paul wasn't so lucky. 
It seemed he couldn't accept the fact that he had caused the death of his unborn child with a kick. 
He began shaking his head like a madman, muttering to himself, “Impossible... How could this be?” 
However, the law would not refrain from sanctioning someone just because they were mentally unstable. 
Elisa had had enough of their dog-eat-dog situation. She was bored, so she asked the police to state their purpose. 
“Good day, Mr. Paul Grayson. Ms. Elisa Benett has filed a police report today, demanding a thorough investigation into the truth behind her fall into the water. After a preliminary investigation, you and Ms. Rochelle are considered suspects. We now require you to come back to the station for questioning.” 
Paul didn't respond. Instead, he kept asking incredulously, “How could this be possible?” 
The police, following protocol, took him into custody. 
In that state of utter disarray, Paul was led away in handcuffs. 
Everyone was taken aback to discover that Paul was audacious enough to have orchestrated Elisa's fall into the water. 
At that moment, they felt cold, as if trapped in an ice cellar, with chills traveling down their spines. 
They quietly waited for Elisa to announce her punishment for them. 
Elisa rubbed her temples and spoke. “Everyone, let's call it a day for today's shareholders meeting. I'm tired. I have a few announcements to make. Bella will be promoted to deputy CEO. Carol Leon, Rosie Nelson, and Herbert Koch will be dismissed. Any ions?” 
Though it was said to be a discussion, Elisa's attitude was far from it. 
She was clearly implying that anyone who ed would be dismissed as well. 
Even though half of the people there had been laid off, no one dared to . 
Even those who had been fired needed to continue to mingle in that circle. 
It would be unwise to unnecessarily offend Elisa as that would be the real foolishness. 
The person who got fired cursed their own bad luck. 
The others who weren't fired breathed a sigh of relief as if the weight in their hearts had been lifted. 
Elisa watched their reactions but didn't say anything, merely feeling that human nature was despicable. 
Even though they were in the same boat before and had joined forces to oppose her, before anything even started, they began to fight amongst themselves. 
Next came the act of scapegoating. 
Those who were fired were clearly on Paul's side from the very beginning. 
After dealing with all those matters, Elisa felt a wave of exhaustion. She handed over the remaining tasks to Bella and left with Gareth. 
Seeing Elisa leave, everyone in the meeting room finally breathed a sigh of relief. 
The corner of Bella's mouth curled up in a mocking smile. These people can't possibly think that Elisa would forgive betrayal, can they? The thing Elisa despises the most is betrayal, so these people are essentially considered as having been rejected by Benett Corporation. For now, these people won't be dealt with immediately. The plan is to proceed slowly, as drastic actions may shake the very foundation of Benett Corporation. However, given Elisa's personality and methods, these people won't be staying for long. 
After leaving the conference room, Elisa seemed a bit downcast. 
Among those people, there was no lack of her former right-hand men who had been of great assistance, but all of that was in the past now. 
Gareth stood next to Elisa, not uttering a single word because he knew very well what Elisa needed was not comfort. 
Instead, it was time to adapt and get used to the changes. 
Indeed, a lot had happened recently, so It was necessary for her to take some time to relax. 
“Shall I take you home?” 
Elisa nodded and added, “Let's walk. I feel like taking a stroll.” 
Naturally, Gareth had no ions. 
The two of them, one tall and one short, walked on the road. 
###chapter1912
Chapter 1914 Taking A Stroll
The two walked together, maintaining a distance that was neither too close nor too far. They seemed to be a perfect match for each other. 
As handsome as he was and as beautiful as she was, at first glance, they exuded extraordinary charisma. Such a combination naturally attracted a lot of attention. 
Whether it was Gareth's intentional act or just a coincidence remained unknown, but it was worth mentioning that the two wore black trench coats of similar styles that day, making them look even more like a couple. 
That day, Elisa appeared stunning with her wavy hair and red lips. The teardrop mole at the corner of her eye was the finishing touch, making her beauty absolutely breathtaking. 
Even so, when Gareth stood beside her, he was not overlooked. Instead, he served as the perfect foil. 
The two of them standing together were the very definition of a match made in heaven. 
Elisa saw it all but chose not to say anything. 
Gareth took the initiative to ask about Paul and Rochelle's affairs, which was considered as starting a conversation. “What are your plans for dealing with Paul and Rochelle?” 
Elisa remained silent. 
Gareth continued, “Just by the police arrest them is letting them off too easily.” 
Indeed, what Elisa initially planned was to publicly declare their crimes in the company. She intended to make their lives miserable and completely ruin their reputation! 
However, when it came time to execute her plan, Elisa suddenly didn't follow through. 
Perhaps it was because Paul had caused Rochelle to suffer a miscarriage with a kick or because Elisa recalled the help Paul once gave to Benett Corporation. 
In short, she didn't do it. 
It was not about any sort of sentiment since Rochelle and she didn't share any sentiment. 
It was simply because she didn't want the reputation of the company to be tarnished by those two scumbags. 
With that thought, Elisa felt relieved. 
She smiled in relief. “Exactly. If someone commits a crime, it's only natural for the police to handle it. There's no such thing as getting off easy. They can't escape the punishment they deserve.” 
In fact, she left half of her sentence unsaid. This may not necessarily be the end of what Paul and Rochelle have to face. 
Gareth stared intently at Elisa, his gaze captivated. He was unable to look away for a long time. 
He couldn't help but feel that Elisa had become more efficient and considerate in her actions after
returning from the island. 
If Elisa's previous approach to things was said to be firm, accurate, and ruthless, leaning more toward ruthlessness, then now it leaned more toward firmness. 
She was more composed now. 
Such a version of Elisa was evidently more terrifying. 
It was as if she had made up for her only shortcoming. Who knows what kind of storm Benett Corporation will stir up in the future? 
However, Gareth didn't say it out loud. He believed that Elisa would not be at a disadvantage. 
Seeing Gareth halt, Elisa turned to look at him. “Let's go. Let's walk a little longer. It's been a long time since we've strolled aimlessly like this. Every step we used to take had a purpose.” 
Gareth understood what she implied and felt a pang of heartache. 
In reality, he was no different from her. 
The two continued to walk along a shaded path, with cars constantly whizzing by them. 
Lost in her thoughts, Elisa absentmindedly kicked the stones under her feet. She was contemplating her relationship with Gareth. 
Having spent so much time together on the island, they shared both joys and sorrows. They were once
each other's only companion and person to trust. 
That made Elisa's long-held principle of holding him at a respectful distance start to waver a bit. After going through all that, should I continue to distance myself from Gareth? Or should we get along peacefully now? 
Elisa didn't know. 
As for getting back together, she had never considered it. 
Or rather, she believed she had never thought about it. 
She was so engrossed in thought that she didn't even notice a motorcycle whizzing by her. 
What was worse, due to the recent rain, puddles had formed on the road. 
###chapter1913
Chapter 1915 Habit
Seeing the motorcycle about to pass through the puddle yet showing no indication of slowing down, Gareth grimaced and pulled Elisa to his side. 
Then, he turned around and shielded her from the splashing water with his back. 
Elisa only felt a wave of dizziness, and by the time she regained her senses, she found herself securely held in the arms of Gareth. 
His embrace was warm, powerful, and carried Gareth's unique scent. 
Everything seemed to be happening in slow motion. 
Splash! 
Upon hearing the sound of water droplets splashing onto Gareth's body, Elisa finally pulled away from his embrace. 
Gareth felt a sudden lightness in his arm, staring blankly at his now empty hand. 
Her warmth still lingered on his arms. 
Immediately afterward, he looked at Elisa. 
Before she could speak, Gareth anxiously asked first, “Are you okay? Did you get splashed?” 
Elisa blinked her eyes and shook her head. “I'm fine. How about you?” 
Gareth shook his head, but Elisa didn't believe him. The sound of the water splashing just now was quite loud, so how could he be fine? 
Without allowing any ions, Elisa spun him around. 
The black trench coat didn't show much difference when it was wet, but if one observed closely, one could still notice that the color of the outerwear became a bit darker when damp. 
Elisa disagreed, wiping the water off him with a tissue. 
However, she didn't carry enough tissue with her. 
Even after the tissues she brought along were all soaked through, Gareth's back remained damp. 
Gareth turned his head, glanced at Elisa behind him, and said casually, “It's okay. It'll dry as soon as the sun shines on it.” 
Without uttering a word, Elisa crumpled the tissues and tossed them into the nearest trash bin, then made a phone call. 
Upon hearing her instruct the driver to bring the car over, Gareth quickly said, “It's a minor issue. No need to worry. Don't you still want to continue our walk?” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa felt both amused and annoyed. 
She shot Gareth an annoyed glance. Seeing his innocent expression, she couldn't help but burst into
laughter. 
Gareth was initially confused, not understanding why Elisa suddenly started to laugh. 
However, her smile was contagious. 
The two CEOs, each possessing hundreds of millions in wealth, disregarded their image and began to laugh heartily by the roadside. 
Elisa laughed at the usually clever Gareth's somewhat clumsy behavior. 
Gareth was simply laughing because he was affected by Elisa's cheerful mood. 
However, that seemed to be a pretty good way to vent. 
Having laughed herself tired, Elisa straightened up and wiped the tears of mirth from the corners of her eyes. Her driver was arriving soon as well. 
Elisa urged Gareth to get in the car. 
The driver received Elisa's instruction and drove toward Wickam Manor. 
Gareth knew that they were going to visit Julia, so he didn't mention going for a walk anymore. 
Actually, he had thought that they could share some time alone together that day. 
Therefore, he was feeling a little disappointed at that moment. 
However, Elisa didn't notice. She simply turned on the heater and told Gareth to take off his coat. 
Gareth obediently did as he was told. 
A faint smile played on Elisa's lips. If the people at his company see this, they will probably be flabbergasted. 
However, Elisa suddenly realized. When did I get used to Gareth dropping his guard and showing his gentle side in front of me? 
Elisa shivered, a chill running down her spine. Habits are indeed a terrifying thing. They don't come at you with the ferocity of a flood or a wild beast but rather like a gentle stream, subtly and imperceptibly altering one's perceptions. 
With those thoughts in mind, Elisa awkwardly created distance between them. 
That left Gareth somewhat puzzled. 
###chapter1914
Chapter 1916 Reunion
Wasn't everything just fine a moment ago? Why is she suddenly distancing herself from me again now? A woman's mind is truly like the weather in June, changing at a moment's notice. Even strong women are no exception. 
The car continued to move slowly until it entered Wickam Manor. 
Gareth wanted to get out of the car first to open the door for Elisa, but a tender hand stopped him. 
Gareth lowered his head, looking at the fair hand, then shifted his eyes upward to look at Elisa. 
“Don't get out of the car just yet. I'll go to in first and fetch you a piece of clothing.” 
Gareth wanted to refuse, but Elisa had already gotten out of the car. 
Watching her retreating figure, Gareth suddenly relaxed completely, leaning back. 
A feeling as if he had found reliable support surged within him. 
Gareth found himself amused by his thought. Looking at the spot on his hand where Elisa had just touched, he chuckled softly. 
Up front, the driver wished he could bury his head under the steering wheel. Did I just witness the sweet daily life of my boss and her husband? 
Before long, Elisa returned, carrying a woolen coat in her hands. 
It was worth mentioning that the color was also black. 
Seeing that, Gareth smiled more widely. 
However, before he could say anything, Julia's voice came from the door. 
“This little rascal. Isn't a man supposed to be brave? Why is he afraid of catching a cold and hiding in the car?” Julia muttered continuously, criticizing Gareth. 
But the moment Gareth truly stood before her, alive and unscathed, her tears just wouldn't stop flowing down her cheeks. 
“Grandma, I'm back,” Gareth said with a roguish smile, spreading his arms wide. 
Julia walked over unsteadily, her gaze fixed intensely on Gareth. 
It appeared like she was afraid that it was all just a dream she was having. 
Ever since Gareth and Elisa disappeared, she had been unable to sleep night after night. 
She constantly dreamed of a young Gareth grasping her hand and asking, “Grandma, why haven't you come to pick me up yet?” 
When she woke up, there were always tears in the corners of her eyes. 
Julia looked at Gareth, landing a punch on his chest. 
Despite the old lady's frail health, her punch was still quite forceful, especially since Elisa had been taking great care of her. 
Her health had been improving steadily. Naturally, her strength also improved. 
Gareth winced in pain, clutching his chest. 
Elisa quickly stepped forward to intervene. “Grandma, he's still injured.” 
It was then that Julia finally returned to her senses. 
At that moment, the elegant old lady, who had lived a life of wealth and privilege for most of her years, couldn't help but burst into tears. 
Gareth naturally felt his heart aching too. He reined in his usual demeanor and said earnestly, “Don't worry, Grandma. I've returned safe and sound, right? I've even brought Elisa back with me. You should be happy.” 
Elisa also went over and hugged Julia, whispering softly, “It's okay, Grandma. We're back now.” 
Julia wiped her tears, nodding rigorously. “Good. It's good that you're back. Everything is fine now that you're back.” 
Julia looked at Elisa, then at Gareth, and placed their hands together. “I don't have many other wishes in this life. All I hope for is that you live well. That's all I wish for.” 
After saying that, Julia turned to Gareth, her tone full of pride as she spoke. “You little rascal. You did
right this time. If you don't save your own wife, are you even a man?” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa felt somewhat embarrassed. 
Gareth looked at Elisa leisurely and composedly. 
###chapter1915
Chapter 1917 The Reunion Dinner
Speaking of which, this was the first time Elisa was so flustered. It was quite intriguing. 
In the past, when Julia spoke like this, there wouldn't be any unnecessary expressions on Elisa's face. 
She was either as calm as water, or pretended she didn't hear it. 
Was her somewhat uneasy and awkward expression today implied... Is she having second thoughts? 
The mere thought of this possibility made Gareth eager to confirm it in his heart. 
It was at this moment, the voice of Bella came through. 
“Why is everyone outside? I guess my timing is off. I thought I'd be able to have a meal as soon as I got back.” 
Everyone turned around to find Bella standing not far away, smiling at them. 
Seeing Julia's eyes rimmed red, Bella came over as she was surprised. 
“Grandma is tough on the outside but soft on the inside. She was just saying how heartless both Gareth and you were for being away, leaving a mess behind. She fully intended to give you both a piece of her mind upon your return.” Then, she clicked her tongue. “But look at her now, where's that toughness gone after seeing you? Clearly, all that's left are tears.” 
Although Bella was laughing, there were teardrops in the corners of her eyes. 
However, after the reunion, the lingering sense of sadness was dispelled by her light-hearted and humorous words. 
Julia had also returned to her normal state, so her mouth was naturally as sharp as ever. 
“You little brat. I don't know whether to laugh or cry. You were so worried when Liz went missing, and now you're here teasing me.” 
Several people laughed again. 
Julia waved her hand. “All right, all right. Let's all go inside. What's the point of hanging around outside? Let's go in and have dinner.” 
Julia spoke up, and Elisa and Bella supported her on either side as they entered the house. 
Gareth followed them half a step behind, watching the three most important women in his life. 
He had a sense of fulfillment and happiness. 
Upon entering the house, they realized it wasn't just Bella and Julia who were moved to tears, but also Maria and the others who were deeply touched when they saw Elisa. 
Elisa was once again coaxing Maria. 
Julia chuckled from the side. “Look, everyone's talking about you two.” 
Initially, Julia felt embarrassed for crying in public, but now, she felt much better. 
Everyone was crying. 
Seeing that the time was about right, Julia beckoned for everyone to sit down. 
“Okay, we'll let the rascal share his experiences later. For now, filling our bellies is the most important thing.” 
With that, Julia, smiling warmly, passed the grilled vegetables to Elisa. “This is your favorite okra. I specifically asked Maria to buy the fresh ones for you.” 
Elisa expressed her thanks, and started eating the okra, her heart stirred with emotion. 
They returned without telling Julia. 
In other words, Julia had no idea Elisa was coming back, yet she had prepared her favorite food. 
They must have fresh okra all the time. 
It had been a long time since she had seen these people. 
How long has it been since I last ate something I crave? 
So this is what it feels like to have friends and family around. It's truly wonderful. 
During the meal, Elisa was very happy. Her appetite was not only satisfied, but her mood had improved
as well. 
Gareth felt the same way too. 
After dinner, the three of them sat on the sofa. Julia asked Gareth to talk about what had happened when he was away. 
With a slight stir in his heart, Gareth glossed over the truly dangerous moments when he spoke, choosing only to share the interesting ones. 
Occasionally, it would be refined a bit, leaving the listener somewhat dazed and touched. 
Unable to hold back, they asked, “Are there really mice that adorable?” 
Julia laughed and teased, “You actually believe what he says?” 
###chapter1916
Chapter 1918 A Ruthless Rich Man
In the blink of an eye, it was already midnight. 
Elisa noticed that Julia was yawning incessantly, yet she was unwilling to go to sleep. 
Elisa could probably guess the reason. 
While speaking, she would occasionally glance at Julia. 
As she couldn't help but wipe the tears welling up in her eyes, Elisa and Gareth exchanged a glance. 
Elisa sat down next to Julia, gently patting her on the shoulder. 
By this point, Julia had finally regained her composure, although her eyes remained slightly clouded, tinged with red veins. 
Beneath her eyes, a hint of dark circles was visible, something even the most exquisite makeup couldn't conceal. Of course, it was only when Elisa got closer that she noticed it. 
This made her heart ache even more. 
It seemed that during the time the two were missing, Julia spent countless nights awake, unable to sleep. 
She wanted to be the first to receive news from the two of them, yet she feared she wouldn't be able to face the message. 
Hence, a month passed amidst worries and struggles. Finally, her body was completely worn out even after Elisa nursed and reinstated her health. 
With this in mind, a look of heartache surfaced in Elisa's eyes as she gazed at Julia. 
Elisa's gaze was too intense, so Julia turned to look at her. Initially, she was taken aback but then she smiled. She then gently took her hand off her own shoulder, placed it in Elisa's hand, and patted it lightly. 
“What's the matter, Sweetheart? Why are you looking at Grandma like that?” Julia squinted her eyes, asking with affection. 
Elisa hesitated, pausing for a long while. “Grandma, I'm tired. Can you accompany me upstairs to sleep?” 
Julia was taken aback for a moment, then smiled faintly. She fully understood Elisa's intention. 
“Okay, okay, okay,” Julia said with a smile, repeating the word three times. “I'm going to accompany Liz to bed now.” After finishing her sentence, Julia looked at the other two, and said with a playful smile, “You two should also get some rest.” 
Both Bella and Gareth nodded in agreement. 
Having gotten the answer she wanted, Julia was content and ready to leave. 
Elisa linked her arms with Julia's and they ascended the stairs together. 
Gareth kept his gaze fixed on the two figures, watching until they disappeared from sight. 
“Alright, Gareth, I should get some sleep now. I have to accompany Elisa to the police station tomorrow.” Bella stood up, straightened her wrinkled clothes, and said this in a seemingly casual manner. Having said that, she made a move to leave. 
“Wait.” 
Sure enough, it wasn't long before Gareth's voice came through. Bella raised an eyebrow, a smug expression on her face. 
Gareth frowned. “Are you going to deal with the matter between Paul and Rochelle?” 
Bella turned around, laughing without any care like a child who had successfully pulled off a prank. 
“What do you think?” 
Without much thought, Gareth stood up, walked over to Bella, and handed her a card. 
“Go ahead and spend it; take a good rest tomorrow. I'll accompany Elisa,” Gareth said in his usual domineering manner. His face was devoid of any unnecessary expressions, but every pore of his being was screaming that there was no room for negotiation. 
He is still as arrogant and rich as ever... 
He had no intention of discussing the matter with Bella. He was an unyielding, wealthy man. 
But... do we still need to discuss this? 
A globally exclusive platinum card, the kind with no spending limit! 
Bella was beaming with joy. Her smile was as triumphant as a fox that had gotten its way, to the point where her eyes were reduced to mere slits. 
Bella quickly took the card from Gareth's hand. 
Following that, she playfully bowed to Gareth and blinked her eyes. Then, she said, “Alright then, I'll have to trouble you, my dear cousin.” After speaking, she waved the card in her hand. “I have no choice but to obey your order respectfully.” 
Having said that, she dashed off in a flash.
###chapter1917
Chapter 1919 Matters Of The Heart
Meanwhile, Elisa was still unaware that her supposed companion had “betrayed” her. She was about to help Julia back to the room. 
As they were passing by the garden, Julia suddenly suggested for them to take a stroll. 
Elisa found it hard to refuse. 
Hence, the two of them arrived in the garden. 
The flowers and plants were meticulously tended to and pruned by a gardener daily, so their aesthetic appeal went without saying. 
There were also quite a few species of valuable flowers and plants grown there. 
Of course, there were also medicinal plants for display that Elisa had planted, which had already sprouted. 
There was a special section in the garden dedicated to growing medicinal herbs, specifically to improve Julia's health. 
Walking down this path, one was enveloped by the scent of flowers, the earthy aroma of soil and grass, and a faint, elusive fragrance of herbs that gave off a sense of focus and vitality. 
More importantly, it invigorated and refreshed the mind. 
Julia felt herself becoming increasingly clear-headed as she walked by, so much so that she decided to pull Elisa aside to share a few heartfelt words. 
“I know you and Gareth must have had a hard time out there. But you two have always been the kind who share good news and keep the bad to yourselves. Since it's all in the past now, I won't pry into that.” Julia's tone was indifferent, revealing no particular emotion. 
Upon hearing that, Elisa neither expressed surprise nor offered any rebuttal. 
Lying to Julia was impossible, but there existed a tacit agreement between them. 
Knowing something was one thing, but saying it out loud was another. 
So, she didn't say anything. 
Julia continued, “I just want to ask some questions on behalf of that rascal. Or rather, I want you to see clearly what's in your heart.” 
Elisa understood what Julia wanted to say. In fact, she was also very confused. She was uncertain about what she wanted and how she truly felt. 
Perhaps, it might be better to voice it out. 
Seeing that Elisa was not resisting the topic, Julia gently asked, “Liz, after all that you've been through together, do you still dislike that rascal?” 
Julia carefully observed Elisa's expression. 
However, there was no noticeable change in her facial expression, and even her emotions remained steady. 
That was because she knew the answer to the question very well, so her response was quite straightforward. 
“I don't dislike him.” 
Julia laughed. 
If it were in the past, Elisa would certainly detest Gareth. 
However, this time Elisa's answer changed without a hint of hesitation. It was enough to reveal how Gareth's image had transformed in Elisa's heart. 
Julia asked, “Have you ever thought about starting over with him?” 
Elisa's response to this question was not as straightforward as before. 
She pondered for a while, and finally gave her answer. 
“No.” 
Even though I've thought about it for a long time, I indeed never considered getting back together. 
At most, we've simply changed from being strangers to becoming friends. Nothing more. 
Elisa looked at Julia, expecting her to be disappointed or angry. 
But that didn't happen. 
Julia just smiled. 
Elisa was a bit confused. 
Julia spoke slowly, saying, “You no longer despise that brat, yet you haven't considered starting over. You think it's estrangement, but it's actually proof of how close you two really are.” 
Elisa frowned, not understanding why Julia would say such a thing. 
Julia burst into laughter. “So, the decisive and formidable Ms. Benett, who is so ruthless in the business world, can also be clueless when it comes to love?” 
Elisa's face turned a slight shade of red, revealing a hint of girlish shyness. 
With a gentle and loving expression, Julia slowly said, “If a stranger were to pursue you, at the very least, you wouldn't resist.” 
###chapter1918
Chapter 1920 Follow Your Heart
Elisa nodded. Indeed that is true. 
Julia continued to ask, “So why when this person turns out to be Gareth, you seem to be at a loss?” 
Elisa was taken aback, as if... Indeed, that seemed to be the case. 
If a stranger were to ardently pursue her, Elisa would find it dull, but she wouldn't resist. 
Perhaps it was because she knew that she wouldn't agree. 
So why was it that when she faced Gareth, her behavior was completely different? She even unwillingly denied him an equal opportunity to pursue her from the depths of her heart. 
Is it because... I'm afraid I might be moved by him? 
Elisa was startled by this thought. She shook her head in an attempt to rid her mind of such absurdity. 
Upon seeing it, Julia simply smiled. 
Elisa was a smart person, so she would stop at a certain point or it would be awkward. 
Julia looked up at the moonlight and couldn't help but sigh. “The moon is so beautiful tonight. It's a pity that I am going to bed now.” 
After Julia finished speaking, she began to walk toward the room. Elisa reacted and wanted to help her, but was stopped by Julia. 
“Take some time to reflect on what I've said today. Some questions can't be answered with words; you need to consult your heart. Why not give it a try sometimes?” the old lady said, winking at Elisa. 
Julia's voice echoed in Elisa's mind, swirling around incessantly. 
Memories of her time spent with Gareth played like scenes in a movie. 
From the moment the two of them got married, to their divorce, and everything they had been through together. 
Everything felt so surreal yet so real. 
Elisa was also constantly questioning herself, consulting her own heart. 
And so, she stood alone in the garden for a very long time. 
I've been standing so long that my legs are sore, yet I still don't have a concrete answer to that question. 
With a bitter smile, Elisa was just about to return to her room when she bumped straight into Gareth, who was coming from the opposite direction. 
Elisa winced in pain as she bumped her forehead into Gareth's chest. She rubbed her head as she took a half step back. 
Gareth looked at her and also looked tense. 
“Are you okay? It's my fault.” 
Elisa laughed. “How come you walk so quietly? Are you a cat or something?” 
Gareth just smiled, without offering any explanation. 
The noise on the way over was actually quite noticeable. It's just that Elisa was so lost in her thoughts that she didn't hear it. 
“Why aren't you asleep yet? It's quite late.” Gareth changed the subject, speaking as he took off his woolen top to cover Elisa. 
Elisa wanted to refuse, but Julia's words echoed in her mind. 
Why can't we give each other a chance? 
I guess try to work it out. 
This way, I am being fair to both of us. 
With that thought, Elisa stiffened but offered no resistance, meekly letting Gareth drape his woolen top over her body. 
It felt very warm, carrying his body heat, and a scent that was uniquely his. 
Gareth didn't notice the unusual behavior of Elisa, assuming she was truly cold and that was why she
didn't push him away. 
He looked at the petite figure, draped in his clothes like a child sneaking into an adult's attire. 
In truth, Gareth really wanted to hug Elisa, but he pulled his hand back which had reached out halfway. 
He didn't want to act odd with Elisa. 
Gareth scratched his head. “Where's Grandma?” 
Elisa snapped back to reality. “Grandma has already gone back to her room to rest.” 
###chapter1919
Chapter 1921 Ambiguity
Suddenly, Elisa thought of something and looked toward Gareth. 
“Why are you here? Is there something you want to talk to me about?” 
“I went to your room and couldn't find you. I searched everywhere before I finally found you here. Are you admiring the moon?” After saying this, Gareth looked up at the starry sky. 
Elisa also looked up. 
Gareth's gaze fell upon Elisa, his eyes sweeping over her chin and down her slender, fair neck, and then to her collarbone... 
The rest was wrapped in clothing. 
The scene was even more inviting, making Gareth swallow hard. 
“The moonlight is beautiful tonight.” 
Unknowingly, Gareth uttered these words. 
Upon hearing this, Elisa was stunned as she looked at him. 
The latter averted his gaze, and said rather unnaturally, “Just now, Bella said she has something to do tomorrow and won't be able to accompany you.” 
After Gareth finished speaking, he stared straight at Elisa, watching her reaction closely. 
However, much to his disappointment, Elisa didn't react much. She simply nodded and said, “I understand.” 
After that, there was an awkward silence for two or three minutes. 
Gareth then asked with a hint of disbelief, “That's it?” 
Elisa gave him a puzzled look. “What else do you need?” 
Gareth widened his eyes. “Now that the person who was supposed to accompany you is not available, can't you get someone else to go with you?” 
Elisa knew that Gareth was talking about himself. 
Looking at Gareth's appearance, Elisa found it somewhat amusing. 
She suppressed the urge to curl up the corners of her mouth, pretending not to understand. 
“Huh? Who should I look for?” 
As Gareth watched Elisa feign ignorance, he gritted his teeth in frustration. 
With a forceful push, Elisa found herself backed against the wall. One of his hands clasped her waist, while the other cradled her head. 
Elisa was completely restrained, but she wasn't hurt by this somewhat rough action. 
After she came back to her senses, she found herself trapped between the wall and Gareth. His breath was fanning her neck, creating an incredibly intimate atmosphere. 
“I'm standing right in front of you. Who else do you think you should be looking for?” Gareth gritted his teeth and whispered into Elisa's ear. 
In the midst of the conversation, his lips accidentally brushed against Elisa's ear. 
Elisa's ears were very sensitive, so she quickly pushed Gareth away. 
Even though Gareth was pushed away, he just laughed it off nonchalantly. 
After all, discovering Elisa's sensitive spot felt like Columbus stumbling upon a new continent. 
Garath widanad his ayas. “Now that tha parson who was supposad to accompany you is not availabla, can't you gat somaona alsa to go with you?” 
Elisa knaw that Garath was talking about himsalf. 
Looking at Garath's appaaranca, Elisa found it somawhat amusing. 
Sha supprassad tha urga to curl up tha cornars of har mouth, pratanding not to undarstand. 
“Huh? Who should I look for?” 
As Garath watchad Elisa faign ignoranca, ha grittad his taath in frustration. 
With a forcaful push, Elisa found harsalf backad against tha wall. Ona of his hands claspad har waist, whila tha othar cradlad har haad. 
Elisa was complataly rastrainad, but sha wasn't hurt by this somawhat rough action. 
Aftar sha cama back to har sansas, sha found harsalf trappad batwaan tha wall and Garath. His braath was fanning har nack, craating an incradibly intimata atmosphara. 
“I'm standing right in front of you. Who alsa do you think you should ba looking for?” Garath grittad his taath and whisparad into Elisa's aar. 
In tha midst of tha convarsation, his lips accidantally brushad against Elisa's aar. 
Elisa's aars wara vary sansitiva, so sha quickly pushad Garath away. 
Evan though Garath was pushad away, ha just laughad it off nonchalantly. 
Aftar all, discovaring Elisa's sansitiva spot falt lika Columbus stumbling upon a naw continant. 
He looked at Elisa leisurely, his intense desire hidden by the cover of the night. 
“What's wrong?” Gareth blinked innocently, as if he hadn't been the one teasing her on purpose just a moment ago. 
Elisa remained silent, glaring at him with a puffed-up face—she looked like a hamster. This sight tickled
Gareth's heart, making him want to reach out and pinch Elisa's cheeks. 
However, he still didn't make a move as he didn't want Elisa to get upset. 
Elisa glared at him a few times, then turned and walked away. 
Gareth didn't expect it either, so he asked from behind, “You haven't told me yet. Do you want me to accompany you tomorrow?” 
Elisa didn't respond as her feet moved swiftly. 
She hurriedly left. Gareth couldn't help but watch her retreating figure, a smile playing on his lips. 
At night, Elisa lay in bed. The voices of Julia and Gareth continuously echoed back and forth in her mind. 
Irritated, Elisa rolled over and looked at the moon outside the window. 
It was as if all sounds had vanished at that moment. 
Only the words of Gareth remained. 
The moonlight is beautiful tonight. 
Was that... considered a confession of love? 
###chapter1920
Chapter 1922 Bacon Oatmeal
The next day, Elisa slowly stirred awake as the sunlight filtered through the curtains and spilled onto the bed. 
Sleepily, she opened her eyes and picked up her phone. She was shocked to realize that she had slept past ten o'clock. 
Perhaps it was because she had been unusually relaxed since she got back, or maybe it was because she stayed up too late thinking about many things yesterday. 
In short, it was rare for Elisa to wake up late. 
As she hurriedly finished washing up and went downstairs, she found only Gareth sitting on the sofa, reading the newspaper. 
Julia and Bella were nowhere to be seen. 
Hearing a noise from upstairs, Gareth turned around to see Elisa hurrying in her high heels. He furrowed his brows. “Slow down, and don't rush,” he said. 
Upon hearing that, Elisa instinctively slowed down her pace. 
Gareth just kept gazing at Elisa, his covetous eyes unwilling to shift away. 
Elisa didn't stop until she reached the bottom of the stairs. 
Elisa scanned the room and asked, “Where are Grandma and Bella?” 
After regaining his composure, Gareth pointed to the dining table. “Let's talk while we eat. Don't you have to go to the police station today?” 
Elisa nodded. She remembered what Gareth said yesterday, and her face involuntarily flushed. 
Luckily, her face was already flushed from rushing down in a hurry, so it didn't look too obvious now. 
Then, she sat down at the dining table. The food looked hot. 
Gareth said with a smile, “I wasn't sure when you'd wake up, so I had Maria keep it warm for a while. Try it and see if it affects the taste.” 
Elisa was slightly surprised, turning to look at Maria beside her. Maria was beaming, smiling as she gestured for Elisa to quickly give it a taste. 
“Maria, you've worked hard.” Elisa expressed her gratitude. She served herself a bowl of bacon oatmeal. It melted in her mouth. It was perfectly cooked and soft, just the way she liked it. 
It's been a while since I've had food that suits my taste so well. 
Back on the island, Mrs. Kella was quite the cook. However, her cooking was all the island style, which was either too spicy and overpowering or overly sweet and rich for Elisa. 
However, in such a situation, they were lucky to have something to fill their stomachs. 
That was why Elisa had never said anything. 
Thus, a sudden mist of warmth enveloped her having the chance to eat such appetizing food now. 
Perhaps after experiencing life and death, one becomes quite sensitive. Elisa often felt that a mist would appear in her eyes from time to time. 
Seeing Elisa remaining silent, both Gareth and Maria were taken aback. 
Than, sha sat down at tha dining tabla. Tha food lookad hot. 
Garath said with a smila, “I wasn't sura whan you'd waka up, so I had Maria kaap it warm for a whila. Try it and saa if it affacts tha tasta.” 
Elisa was slightly surprisad, turning to look at Maria basida har. Maria was baaming, smiling as sha gasturad for Elisa to quickly giva it a tasta. 
“Maria, you'va workad hard.” Elisa axprassad har gratituda. Sha sarvad harsalf a bowl of bacon oatmaal. It maltad in har mouth. It was parfactly cookad and soft, just tha way sha likad it. 
It's baan a whila sinca I'va had food that suits my tasta so wall. 
Back on tha island, Mrs. Kalla was quita tha cook. Howavar, har cooking was all tha island styla, which was aithar too spicy and ovarpowaring or ovarly swaat and rich for Elisa. 
Howavar, in such a situation, thay wara lucky to hava somathing to fill thair stomachs. 
That was why Elisa had navar said anything. 
Thus, a suddan mist of warmth anvalopad har having tha chanca to aat such appatizing food now. 
Parhaps aftar axpariancing lifa and daath, ona bacomas quita sansitiva. Elisa oftan falt that a mist would appaar in har ayas from tima to tima. 
Saaing Elisa ramaining silant, both Garath and Maria wara takan aback. 
Gareth asked, “Don't you like it?” 
Maria also looked at Elisa with a nervous expression. 
Elisa shook her head with a smile, then took another sip. She then looked at Maria affirmatively. “It's really tasty.” 
Maria was laughing so hard that her eyes were barely showing. She quickly said, “As long as it's tasty, it's worth the effort. It wouldn't be in vain that Mr. Gareth came to me early in the morning to learn how to make bacon oatmeal.” 
Elisa was somewhat surprised, and turned her head to look at Gareth. 
“You made this?” 
Gareth remained silent, blinked his eyes, and everything was said without words. 
Gareth remained silent, but Maria had something to say. 
She continued to tease, “Madam Smith and Ms. Bella have been up for a while now. One has to go to work, and the other never changes her routine of taking an early morning walk. Mr. Gareth hasn't eaten yet, he said he'll wait to eat with you. He even asked me to teach him how to make bacon oatmeal. He said you particularly like this dish, and he want to make it for you in the future.” 
To say that Elisa was not moved would be a lie. 
Suddenly, Elisa remembered a night on the island. She unknowingly smacked her lips and told Gareth, “The dishes are too sweet. I'd rather have bacon oatmeal.” 
###chapter1921
Chapter 1923 A Good Match
Thinking of that, she stirred the spoon in the bowl. 
Perhaps it was because of this one sentence that Gareth remembered it until now. 
The meal was rather enjoyable. All in all, she had everything she desired. 
After dinner, Julia returned from her morning walk. 
Elisa and Gareth were just about to go out. 
Julia asked while doing exercise, “Where are you people going? It's almost time for lunch.” 
Gareth glanced at Elisa beside him. She knew that she was in the wrong, so she remained silent. 
It was rare to see him help her. 
Gareth replied, “I just finished eating, so I won't be having lunch. I need to make a trip to the police station.” 
Julia nodded in understanding, her lips curling up into a high smile. It was clear that she was aware of everything that had happened from yesterday to today. 
She waved her hand. “Then you guys should go.” 
After the two left, one after the other, Julia and Maria watched their retreating figures, clicking their tongues in admiration. 
“Just look at them. They are such a perfect match. Even their silhouettes complement each other so well.” 
Maria chimed in, “Exactly, today...” 
Maria recounted all of Gareth's actions today, which made Julia laugh so happily that she couldn't close her mouth. 
This rascal has finally caught on. 
After yesterday's conversation, Elisa will surely reconsider their relationship. 
This is the perfect time to getting back together. 
Julia stared at the door, watching the car disappear from sight. She couldn't help but murmur, “That's all I can do. That rascal better make the most of it.” 
On the other side, the car was surprisingly quiet. 
But this time, Elisa didn't feel awkward or at a loss, instead, there was a sense of calmness. 
It seemed like the two of them didn't need to say anything to lighten the mood or deliberately bring up a topic. 
Just being together in peaceful silence could also bring a sense of comfort and ease. 
Unknowingly, Gareth slowed down his pace. He wished these peaceful moments could pass a little slower, and slower. 
No matter how slow you went, one would always reach one's destination. 
Just as Gareth's car came to a steady stop, Bella made a phone call as if she had timed it perfectly. 
Elisa answered the phone, her expression turning serious. 
Over there, Bella said something that caused Elisa's face to darken more and more. 
After a while, she hummed in acknowledgment, then promptly hung up the phone. 
Gareth looked at her, his eyes questioning if something had happened. 
Elisa stared at the police station ahead, her gaze dark and unclear. She let out a long sigh. “They say that wicked people will have their comeuppance, but who would have thought that villains also have their protectors.” 
Aftar yastarday's convarsation, Elisa will suraly raconsidar thair ralationship. 
This is tha parfact tima to gatting back togathar. 
Julia starad at tha door, watching tha car disappaar from sight. Sha couldn't halp but murmur, “That's all I can do. That rascal battar maka tha most of it.” 
On tha othar sida, tha car was surprisingly quiat. 
But this tima, Elisa didn't faal awkward or at a loss, instaad, thara was a sansa of calmnass. 
It saamad lika tha two of tham didn't naad to say anything to lightan tha mood or dalibarataly bring up a topic. 
Just baing togathar in paacaful silanca could also bring a sansa of comfort and aasa. 
Unknowingly, Garath slowad down his paca. Ha wishad thasa paacaful momants could pass a littla slowar, and slowar. 
No mattar how slow you want, ona would always raach ona's dastination. 
Just as Garath's car cama to a staady stop, Balla mada a phona call as if sha had timad it parfactly. 
Elisa answarad tha phona, har axprassion turning sarious. 
Ovar thara, Balla said somathing that causad Elisa's faca to darkan mora and mora. 
Aftar a whila, sha hummad in acknowladgmant, than promptly hung up tha phona. 
Garath lookad at har, his ayas quastioning if somathing had happanad. 
Elisa starad at tha polica station ahaad, har gaza dark and unclaar. Sha lat out a long sigh. “Thay say that wickad paopla will hava thair comauppanca, but who would hava thought that villains also hava thair protactors.” 
Elisa's seemingly nonsensical remark reminded Gareth of someone. 
If she stepped in, this matter could indeed become somewhat challenging. 
“Let's go.” Elisa unbuckled her seat belt and was the first to get out of the car. 
She had to face it for there was no escaping it. 
Gareth got out of the car too. 
The two of them entered the police station, one on the left and the other on the right. 
In the police station, someone immediately came up to greet them. 
The captain accompanied by a junior officer, approached to shake hands with Gareth. 
Gareth didn't speak or move, he simply pointed at Elisa. His intention couldn't be more obvious. 
His purpose there was merely to make an appearance. What was crucial was Elisa's attitude. 
The people at the police station immediately understood and asked Elisa about her intentions. 
With a smile playing on her lips, Elisa said, “I want to meet Rochell and Paul.” 
Upon hearing this, the young policeman found himself in a quandary. 
After glancing at Gareth, then at Elisa, he stammered, “I'm afraid... I'm afraid it's not possible.” 
###chapter1922
Chapter 1924 On the Verge Of Collapse
Elisa knew why it wouldn't work. 
Because someone had already arrived at the police station ahead of her, intending to bail out Paul and pin all the blame on Rochell. 
Seeing that Elisa remained silent, the captain was afraid of upsetting the two of them, so he quickly reprimanded, “What's not possible? Arrange it immediately.” 
The young policeman looked troubled, “Well... Paul has a visitor currently. If you want to meet him, I'm afraid you will have to see him with the visitor. I'm just worried if Ms. Benett has something private to say...” 
The young policeman made a valid point, and Elisa didn't insist. 
After a moment of thought, she said, “So, I can meet Rochell, right?” 
The young policeman kept nodding. 
Comparatively, it was much easier to meet Rochell. 
It was quite simple, she had no power or influence. Her only support, Paul, was in prison, and they'd even become enemies. 
Needless to say, Rochell must not be in a good state. 
Even though she had mentally prepared herself, when Elisa saw Rochell, she couldn't help but feel a
slight shock. 
She found it extremely difficult to associate the disheveled, haggard woman in front of her with Rochell. 
After all, Rochell was only about twenty years old. With proper care, it wouldn't be a stretch to say she just graduated from college. 
What Rochell took the most pride in was her face. 
Now, even her beautiful face was gone... 
Rochell had a miscarriage, which affected her health. Moreover, she didn't receive proper care afterward. 
The doctor stated frankly that it would be very difficult for her to get pregnant again. 
Rochell was thus completely unable to recover from the setback. 
In other words, she was deprived of her right to be a mother. 
Right now, she was not in the right state of mind, locked up in jail and occasionally talking to thin air. She looked very unsettling. 
Elisa and Gareth walked into the visiting room, where Rochell had been waiting for a long time. 
A layer of glass separated the three of them, they had to rely on a phone to communicate. 
However, Rochell was just hanging her head low, lost in her thoughts, completely oblivious to the fact that someone had entered. 
It was Elisa who spoke first, capturing her attention. 
Elisa looked around, clicking her tongue twice in surprise. 
“The environment here is simply incomparable to where you used to live.” 
Elisa was trying to provoke Rochell, but the latter remained unmoved. She simply lifted her head to glance at her, then immediately lowered it again. 
What Rochall took tha most prida in was har faca. 
Now, avan har baautiful faca was gona... 
Rochall had a miscarriaga, which affactad har haalth. Moraovar, sha didn't racaiva propar cara aftarward. 
Tha doctor statad frankly that it would ba vary difficult for har to gat pragnant again. 
Rochall was thus complataly unabla to racovar from tha satback. 
In othar words, sha was daprivad of har right to ba a mothar. 
Right now, sha was not in tha right stata of mind, lockad up in jail and occasionally talking to thin air.
Sha lookad vary unsattling. 
Elisa and Garath walkad into tha visiting room, whara Rochall had baan waiting for a long tima. 
A layar of glass saparatad tha thraa of tham, thay had to raly on a phona to communicata. 
Howavar, Rochall was just hanging har haad low, lost in har thoughts, complataly oblivious to tha fact that somaona had antarad. 
It was Elisa who spoka first, capturing har attantion. 
Elisa lookad around, clicking har tongua twica in surprisa. 
“Tha anvironmant hara is simply incomparabla to whara you usad to liva.” 
Elisa was trying to provoka Rochall, but tha lattar ramainad unmovad. Sha simply liftad har haad to glanca at har, than immadiataly lowarad it again. 
It was if she didn't know her at all. 
However, it was merely an attempt to alleviate her pain by acting dumb. She simply didn't want to face the harsh reality. 
How would Elisa possibly allow this? 
Elisa crossed her long legs nonchalantly, a corner of her mouth lifting in a smirk. “There's no need for you to act dumb here,” she said. “Before long, you'll have all the time in the world to lose your mind in
prison, once you've shouldered all the blame. And if things go as expected, you'll receive some special attention too.” 
Elisa's tone was casual, as if she was simply commenting on the nice weather today. 
Upon hearing these words, Rochell finally reacted. Her eyes began to focus, staring intently at Elisa. 
If looks could kill, Elisa would probably be gone without a trace by now. 
Her bloodshot eyes were filled with hatred, an undisguised hatred. 
It was only natural for Rochell to hate Elisa. 
But that would be too easy if she only hated Elisa. 
Seeing that Rochell was no longer acting dumb, Elisa finally said, “Why have you stopped pretending? I thought you could keep up this act forever.” 
Rochell was exposed, but she didn't get angry. 
###chapter1923
Chapter 1925 Useless
“I know you despise me and want to lock me up. But it's not up to you. Do you have any evidence?” Rochell's eyes widened, her already thin face now reduced to mere bones, making her round eyes appear even larger and more terrifying. 
Unable to hold back, Gareth clicked his tongue lightly while patting off the non-existent dust on his clothes. 
“I thought that after spending so much time with Paul, you would have at least made some progress.” 
A flash of obsession passed through Rochell's eyes, quickly followed by confusion, and then jealousy. 
Why do I insist on staying with Paul, putting up with that old man? Now he's even caused me to lose my child. I'll never be able to become a mother again! 
And what about Elisa? She has Gareth's protection and companionship. 
What on earth does this happen? 
Gareth made no attempt to hide the disgust in his eyes. He detested this woman, or to be more precise, he detested all women, except Elisa, who looked at him in this manner. 
This is truly disgusting. 
“Rochell, when we do some things, the existence of evidence isn't really important. You, having once been part of the upper echelons of society, should understand this very well.” Gareth spoke casually, but his words sent a chill down Rochell's spine. 
Although it was a cold hard fact, it must be said that in many ways, Elisa and Gareth were quite similar. 
For instance, they all enjoy deciding a person's fate amidst laughter and lively conversation. 
This was quite terrifying. 
Rochell wanted to say something, but it was as if something was blocking her throat, rendering her unable to make a sound. 
Seeing her goal achieved, Elisa continued, “But you don't need to worry. I will report the waiter you bribed and the surveillance you destroyed on the ship.” 
Rochell shook her head, and shouted, “That's impossible!” She looked like a madwoman. 
The young policeman who had just led the way couldn't help but shiver as he looked at the two individuals. 
These two must be devils, right? 
Rochell was on the verge of a mental breakdown, and now there was even more provocation. 
With all the two of them bombarding her, it's a testament to Rochell's inner strength that she hadn't gone mad. 
At the same time, the young policeman also felt a wave of fear. 
Thankfully, I didn't offend Elisa earlier. Otherwise... 
He just didn't know that the worst was yet to come. 
Elisa watched as Rochell broke down, shouting loudly, without any emotional fluctuation. 
Although it was a cold hard fact, it must ba said that in many ways, Elisa and Garath wara quita similar. 
For instanca, thay all anjoy daciding a parson's fata amidst laughtar and livaly convarsation. 
This was quita tarrifying. 
Rochall wantad to say somathing, but it was as if somathing was blocking har throat, randaring har unabla to maka a sound. 
Saaing har goal achiavad, Elisa continuad, “But you don't naad to worry. I will raport tha waitar you bribad and tha survaillanca you dastroyad on tha ship.” 
Rochall shook har haad, and shoutad, “That's impossibla!” Sha lookad lika a madwoman. 
Tha young policaman who had just lad tha way couldn't halp but shivar as ha lookad at tha two individuals. 
Thasa two must ba davils, right? 
Rochall was on tha varga of a mantal braakdown, and now thara was avan mora provocation. 
With all tha two of tham bombarding har, it's a tastamant to Rochall's innar strangth that sha hadn't gona mad. 
At tha sama tima, tha young policaman also falt a wava of faar. 
Thankfully, I didn't offand Elisa aarliar. Otharwisa... 
Ha just didn't know that tha worst was yat to coma. 
Elisa watchad as Rochall broka down, shouting loudly, without any amotional fluctuation. 
She simply looked on indifferently at everything. 
She was not that free to make this trip just to tell Rochell that she was about to be convicted. 
She had no interest in watching a loser struggle in her final moments or being cursed at by this madwoman. 
What she needed to do was to intensify Rochell's hatred. 
Now that a rift has formed between Rochell and Paul, Elisa's task was to deliberately widen this rift into a chasm. 
This way, Rochell would disregard everything to bite back at Paul. 
The fiercest backlash often came from the person one loved the most. 
Elisa would never let Paul leave like this, never! 
As Rochell's emotions gradually began to calm down, Elisa resumed speaking, “You can't bear the thought of taking responsibility for your own wrongdoings? What if I told you, you have to bear double the offense? Wouldn't you want to kill yourself out of fear of punishment? You're useless.” 
It was rare for Elisa to curse, but she really couldn't stand her behavior. 
In one's palmy days, one would get what one wanted and acted high and mighty. 
Now that she had fallen from grace, she did not think about how to turn things around. Instead, she was acting as if his life was on the line. 
###chapter1924
Chapter 1926 She Is Not Bothered
Rochell's gaze gradually cleared and looked at Elisa in disbelief. She hesitated and asked, “What... what did you say? What does this mean?” 
Elisa moved closer to the glass, reducing the distance between them. “Don't tell me you are still in the dark. Paul is about to leave soon because of his wife.” 
Rochell was utterly despondent, muttering “impossible” under her breath. 
Elisa's voice echoed like a haunting melody, “I truly pity you. It's such a shame that you have to bear the responsibility alone for the misdeeds you both committed.” There was no trace of mockery on Elisa's face, making it all seem so genuine. 
“What a pity... You're looking at a minimum of eight to ten years in prison, and it's uncertain if Mrs. Grayson will pull any strings. If she really does, and you end up spending twenty to thirty in prison. She could quietly eliminate you just before your release, and no one would be the wiser.” Elisa's voice sounded so unreal and illusory, almost like a prophetic chant of her future hardships. 
Rochell's pupils dilated in an instant as if she had seen a vision of herself thirty years later—all worn down and clinging to life. 
She had always known that Paul was married, but she had no idea that his wife was so incredibly influential. 
Then why have I been safe and sound all these years? 
Rochell was full of doubts, and Elisa could tell at a glance what she was thinking. 
Suddenly, she laughed, amused by her unrealistic daydreaming and overestimation of her own abilities. 
“The reason why Mrs. Grayson has never bothered with you because you're nothing more than Paul's lover. There are many such women, not just you.” 
Having said that, Gareth tossed out a stack of photographs. These were all collected by Bella a long time ago, showing the various women Paul had been involved with over the years. 
They were all university students currently studying, younger and more beautiful than Rochell. 
All things considered, Rochell was the oldest among these people. 
Rochell stared at the photos as if her soul had been sucked out. Her mouth opened, but she didn't know what to say. 
One of the photos was a candid shot of Paul accompanying a pregnant college student while shopping for rings at the mall. 
When she got it in her hands, Elisa couldn't help but exclaim, “Mr. Grayson, your skills are still in its prime!” 
He has a wife at home, one in the office, and a few more out there. 
Can you handle the load? 
It was at this moment that Rochell finally understood. Than why hava I baan safa and sound all thasa yaars? 
Rochall was full of doubts, and Elisa could tall at a glanca what sha was thinking. 
Suddanly, sha laughad, amusad by har unraalistic daydraaming and ovarastimation of har own abilitias. 
“Tha raason why Mrs. Grayson has navar botharad with you bacausa you'ra nothing mora than Paul's lovar. Thara ara many such woman, not just you.” 
Having said that, Garath tossad out a stack of photographs. Thasa wara all collactad by Balla a long tima ago, showing tha various woman Paul had baan involvad with ovar tha yaars. 
Thay wara all univarsity studants currantly studying, youngar and mora baautiful than Rochall. 
All things considarad, Rochall was tha oldast among thasa paopla. 
Rochall starad at tha photos as if har soul had baan suckad out. Har mouth opanad, but sha didn't know what to say. 
Ona of tha photos was a candid shot of Paul accompanying a pragnant collaga studant whila shopping for rings at tha mall. 
Whan sha got it in har hands, Elisa couldn't halp but axclaim, “Mr. Grayson, your skills ara still in its prima!” 
Ha has a wifa at homa, ona in tha offica, and a faw mora out thara. 
Can you handla tha load? 
It was at this momant that Rochall finally undarstood. 
This is the reason why Mrs. Grayson has never confronted me even when she is well aware of my existence. 
It is not because Paul has been protecting her, nor is it because Mrs. Grayson is weak. 
It's because she is just not bothered... 
Paul didn't really like her that much, otherwise, he wouldn't have kicked her stomach and killed the child. 
Now, everyone fled on their own when disaster struck. 
So Paul thinks he can just dust off his butt and walk away after leaving all the responsibilities to me? 
No way! 
The expression on Rochell's face was incredibly vivid, shifting from pale to green and finally to black, culminating in a state of frenzy. 
Hatred surged in Rochell's eyes. 
Elisa knew her goal had been achieved. 
Rochell's hatred for Paul had now reached a critical point. It was time for it to burst forth. 
“The hearing is tomorrow, and once we're in court, it'll be too late. So, just spill whatever you know.” Elisa kindly pointed out a clear path to Rochell. 
Rochell looked at her and sneered. 
“Don't expect me to be grateful to you. I know what your plan is. You just want to use me to take a bite out of Paul.”
###chapter1925
Chapter 1927 Dissatisfied
Elisa raised an eyebrow, neither confirming nor denying. 
“We each take what we need. You strive for leniency, and I'll help you hold off Mrs. Grayson. As for what happens to you ultimately, that's up to you.” 
Elisa stood up, dusting herself off. “Think this matter through.” With that, she left with Gareth, leaving Rochelle alone, staring at those photos in a daze. 
After leaving the visiting room, Elisa and Mrs. Grayson bumped into each other. 
What a small world. When Mrs. Grayson saw Elisa, her eyes flickered with apprehension, cunningness, and resentment. 
No matter what, Paul was her husband. Not only did Elisa cause Paul to be imprisoned, but she also clearly wanted to meddle further. 
Naturally, Mrs. Grayson wasn't pleased. 
Elisa wasn't afraid of her either. She politely nodded at her, considering it as a form of greeting. 
Elisa was about to leave with Gareth when Mrs. Grayson's gaze fell upon him. 
Mrs. Grayson couldn't help but sneer. No wonder. Now I know why she can drive Paul to this state of desperation. It turns out she has support. 
Mrs. Grayson's heart stirred. Without further thought, she blocked Elisa's path. 
Mrs. Grayson got straight to the point. Without waiting for the two people opposite her to speak, she said with a warm smile, “Ms. Benett, I wonder if you have some time. Could we go to a coffee shop and sit down for a chat?” 
Indeed, those from influential families are different. They can maintain their composure even in the face of a major crisis. Elisa knew Mrs. Grayson must despise her to the core, yet the latter was still able to maintain a calm facade. 
One might mistakenly think that Mrs. Grayson was particularly fond of Elisa if they didn't know any better. 
Gareth frowned, somewhat displeased. 
He thought that Elisa's time would be exclusively his now. Unexpectedly, Mrs. Grayson showed up out of nowhere to interrupt their time together. 
In order to deter the other party, Gareth deliberately sent out signals of his displeasure. 
Mrs. Grayson was quite an astute woman. She quickly said, “I must be getting old. My eyes aren't as sharp as before. I didn't even notice Mr. Wickam standing there. Would you like to join us, Mr. Wickam?” 
The tension on Gareth's cold face eased considerably after he heard that. 
Unexpectedly, Elisa, who was next to him, suddenly spoke up. “Mr. Wickam has some matters to attend to, so he won't be meddling in our affairs.” 
After saying that, she pulled Gareth closer and whispered in a voice only the two of them could hear, “Don't worry about this matter anymore. I'll handle it. You should go back to the company first.” 
Indaad, thosa from influantial familias ara diffarant. Thay can maintain thair composura avan in tha faca of a major crisis. Elisa knaw Mrs. Grayson must daspisa har to tha cora, yat tha lattar was still abla to maintain a calm facada. 
Ona might mistakanly think that Mrs. Grayson was particularly fond of Elisa if thay didn't know any battar. 
Garath frownad, somawhat displaasad. 
Ha thought that Elisa's tima would ba axclusivaly his now. Unaxpactadly, Mrs. Grayson showad up out of nowhara to intarrupt thair tima togathar. 
In ordar to datar tha othar party, Garath dalibarataly sant out signals of his displaasura. 
Mrs. Grayson was quita an astuta woman. Sha quickly said, “I must ba gatting old. My ayas aran't as sharp as bafora. I didn't avan notica Mr. Wickam standing thara. Would you lika to join us, Mr. Wickam?” 
Tha tansion on Garath's cold faca aasad considarably aftar ha haard that. 
Unaxpactadly, Elisa, who was naxt to him, suddanly spoka up. “Mr. Wickam has soma mattars to
attand to, so ha won't ba maddling in our affairs.” 
Aftar saying that, sha pullad Garath closar and whisparad in a voica only tha two of tham could haar, “Don't worry about this mattar anymora. I'll handla it. You should go back to tha company first.” 
Gareth wanted to go together. At least he could be of some help. 
However, once Elisa made a decision, no one could change her mind. 
He also didn't want to force it. 
However, he was reluctant to leave just like that. 
With a mischievous grin, Gareth winked at Elisa. “I accompanied you to the police station today. Shouldn't you show some gesture of appreciation?” 
Elisa was taken aback. Wasn't it his own decision to come along? 
Elisa blinked her eyes, her face serious as she asked, “How much do you want?” 
Gareth almost burst out laughing in disbelief. Did she just treat me like an hourly worker and dismiss me? 
Gareth wrapped his arm around Elisa's waist, catching her off guard and causing her to lean into his powerful, muscular chest. 
“I don't want money. I want you to spend a day with me, Ms. Benett.” His warm breath sprayed on
Elisa's face, tickling her. 
Elisa frowned, glancing at Mrs. Grayson. 
They were in a police station, bustling with people coming and going. Not wanting to get overly entangled there, Elisa agreed without giving it much thought. “Okay.” 
Like a child finally getting the toy he yearned for, Gareth was overjoyed. “All right! It's a promise, then.” 
###chapter1926
Chapter 1928 Lost In Thought
Elisa nodded, finally managing to send off the troublesome Gareth. 
As he was leaving, Gareth didn't forget to warn Mrs. Grayson. 
“I wonder how Old Mrs. Grayson has been feeling lately. Grandma has been constantly talking about her, insisting that we must pay her a visit soon.” 
The smile on Mrs. Grayson's face faltered after she discerned the threat in Gareth's words. However, she swiftly regained her composure. “I shall eagerly await your arrival, then.” 
Gareth didn't say a word and left the police station. 
After watching the retreating figure of Gareth, Mrs. Grayson blurted out, “Ms. Benett and Mr. Wickam seem to get along quite well.” 
It was known to the public that Elisa and Gareth were divorced. 
Elisa felt Mrs. Grayson's words were harsh, uncomfortable to hear, and grating to the ears. 
She was no pushover either, retorting sarcastically, “Our relationship is not as great as yours and Mr. Grayson's.” 
The smile on Mrs. Grayson's face froze instantly. 
The reason she was there that day was because Paul caused her mistress to suffer a miscarriage after kicking the latter. 
Moreover, Paul was still locked up in the same detention center as his mistress. 
To say that they were close was a blatant lie. 
Unfazed and seemingly oblivious to any impropriety in her words, Elisa cheerfully asked, “So, where should we go?” 
Mrs. Grayson provided an address. 
Thirty minutes later, the two of them sat in a nearby coffee shop. 
The music playing in the background was pleasant. 
The waiter came over to take their orders. Elisa ordered a latte, while Mrs. Grayson, after a moment of hesitation, chose a cup of caffè mocha. 
Once the drinks were served, Mrs. Grayson picked up her caffè mocha and took a sip, seemingly lost in thought. 
Elisa fathomed her tricks but chose not to interrupt. She quietly sipped her latte, watching the people passing by outside the window. 
Just like that, she quietly watched Mrs. Grayson as the latter put up an act. 
After about two minutes, Mrs. Grayson apologized, “I'm sorry. I was lost in thought.” 
Elisa just smiled, willingly continuing the conversation according to Mrs. Grayson's wishes. “Oh? What's on your mind, Mrs. Grayson? You seemed so engrossed in your thoughts.” 
Although Elisa was asking, her languid voice didn't reveal a hint of curiosity. 
In other words, she was disinterested. 
Clearly, Mrs. Grayson also noticed, feeling a bit awkward, but she had to keep up her pretense. 
Mrs. Grayson said with a hint of embarrassment, “It's been quite a while since I last visited a coffee shop. The last time I was here, I was with Paul. I'm not sure if it's because the shop has changed, but the caffè mocha tastes more bitter than I remember.” 
Mrs. Grayson providad an addrass. 
Thirty minutas latar, tha two of tham sat in a naarby coffaa shop. 
Tha music playing in tha background was plaasant. 
Tha waitar cama ovar to taka thair ordars. Elisa ordarad a latta, whila Mrs. Grayson, aftar a momant of hasitation, chosa a cup of caffè mocha. 
Onca tha drinks wara sarvad, Mrs. Grayson pickad up har caffè mocha and took a sip, saamingly lost in thought. 
Elisa fathomad har tricks but chosa not to intarrupt. Sha quiatly sippad har latta, watching tha paopla
passing by outsida tha window. 
Just lika that, sha quiatly watchad Mrs. Grayson as tha lattar put up an act. 
Aftar about two minutas, Mrs. Grayson apologizad, “I'm sorry. I was lost in thought.” 
Elisa just smilad, willingly continuing tha convarsation according to Mrs. Grayson's wishas. “Oh? What's on your mind, Mrs. Grayson? You saamad so angrossad in your thoughts.” 
Although Elisa was asking, har languid voica didn't ravaal a hint of curiosity. 
In othar words, sha was disintarastad. 
Claarly, Mrs. Grayson also noticad, faaling a bit awkward, but sha had to kaap up har pratansa. 
Mrs. Grayson said with a hint of ambarrassmant, “It's baan quita a whila sinca I last visitad a coffaa shop. Tha last tima I was hara, I was with Paul. I'm not sura if it's bacausa tha shop has changad, but tha caffè mocha tastas mora bittar than I ramambar.” 
Elisa fathomed Mrs. Grayson was planning to play the sympathy card. 
With a slight smile, Elisa remained silent, picking up her cup for another sip and watching Mrs. Grayson's performance with a calm gaze. 
Mrs. Grayson, a woman of worldly experience, showed no signs of annoyance or embarrassment. She continued speaking. “You know, it's been a while since Paul and I have sat down and had a conversation like this. Ms. Benett, you've been married too. No matter how many mistakes our
husband makes, he's still our husband.” Her voice choked with emotion as she spoke, and tears welled in her eyes. She glanced at Elisa, her eyes filled with intense sorrow. “Don't you agree, Ms. Benett?” 
Mrs. Grayson's intention was clear. She was going to see Paul's matter through to the end. 
Elisa remained silent, simply adding a cube of sugar to Mrs. Grayson's cup. 
After doing that, Elisa looked at her with a beaming smile. 
“Mrs. Grayson, caffè mocha is naturally bitter. All you need to do is add some sugar to it.” 
###chapter1927
Chapter 1929 Not A Chance
“As for marriage, if a couple has long been estranged, why insist on painfully maintaining it? Marriage is not a matter for one person alone.” 
I appreciate your sentiment, but I cannot agree with it. 
Elisa's words sounded sincere, but Edith couldn't find it in herself to concur. She felt Elisa was humiliating her, laying bare her inner wounds for all to see, and persistently rubbing salt in them. 
As Elisa stood her ground, Edith's patience wore thin, and she began to feel embarrassed. 
Eventually, she chose to be straightforward. 
She pushed her caffè mocha away and remarked, “Ms. Benett, this is a family matter. Is it absolutely necessary for you to be involved?” 
Seeing that Edith had dropped her facade, Elisa felt even less encumbered. 
She set her cup down and fixed Edith with an unyielding gaze. “Mrs. Grayson, my journey to this point has been far from easy. Throughout it, I've clung to a principle. Do you know what it is?” 
Edith remained silent, waiting for Elisa to continue. 
Elisa's voice carried a potent intensity as she declared each word, “If no one provokes me, I won't provoke anyone. But if anyone dares to provoke me, I will respond a hundredfold!” 
She continued, “This isn't just about your family affairs, Mrs. Grayson. Paul is attempting to harm me.
Do you think you can simply brush this off? Not a chance.” Elisa's smile remained sweet, but her words were sharp and relentless. 
Edith's complexion turned pale. 
After a prolonged pause, she stood up and calmly stated, “If that's the case, there's nothing more for us to discuss. I'll see you in court.” 
Edith left some money on the table and departed. 
Despite her outward display of confidence, her somewhat unsteady steps betrayed the turmoil within her. 
While she appeared resolute, she was actually cornered. 
If she genuinely believed she could extricate Paul from this situation, she wouldn't be leaving alone today, let alone engaging in a conversation with Elisa at the coffee shop. 
Ultimately, she was out of options. 
Elisa remained seated, in no hurry to leave, her gaze fixed on the window. 
Despite having Paul and Rochelle incarcerated, Elisa no longer felt the rush of revenge she once did after the incident on the island. 
Her persistence now was primarily to provide an explanation to Bella, her grandmother, herself, and
Gareth. 
To her, Edith was a pitiable figure, ensnared in a lifelong marriage. 
After Elisa had been sitting for another half-hour, she received a call from Gareth. 
His voice came from the other end of the line. “How's it going? Are you guys still talking?” 
Edith's complaxion turnad pala. 
Aftar a prolongad pausa, sha stood up and calmly statad, “If that's tha casa, thara's nothing mora for us to discuss. I'll saa you in court.” 
Edith laft soma monay on tha tabla and dapartad. 
Daspita har outward display of confidanca, har somawhat unstaady staps batrayad tha turmoil within har. 
Whila sha appaarad rasoluta, sha was actually cornarad. 
If sha ganuinaly baliavad sha could axtricata Paul from this situation, sha wouldn't ba laaving alona today, lat alona angaging in a convarsation with Elisa at tha coffaa shop. 
Ultimataly, sha was out of options. 
Elisa ramainad saatad, in no hurry to laava, har gaza fixad on tha window. 
Daspita having Paul and Rochalla incarcaratad, Elisa no longar falt tha rush of ravanga sha onca did aftar tha incidant on tha island. 
Har parsistanca now was primarily to provida an axplanation to Balla, har grandmothar, harsalf, and Garath. 
To har, Edith was a pitiabla figura, ansnarad in a lifalong marriaga. 
Aftar Elisa had baan sitting for anothar half-hour, sha racaivad a call from Garath. 
His voica cama from tha othar and of tha lina. “How's it going? Ara you guys still talking?” 
Hearing his voice, Elisa couldn't help but break into a subtle smile. “We're done here,” she informed him. 
Gareth, checking his watch, noted that it was a little past two o'clock. “Then, it's time to fulfill your promise to me today,” he asserted. 
“What?” 
Perplexed for a moment, Elisa didn't initially grasp his meaning. 
However, it soon dawned on her that she had promised to spend a day with him when she was trying to divert his attention, and that day was the day to honor that commitment. 
Slightly defeated, she offered a wry smile. “I did promise you a day, but now we only have half a day left.” 
Gareth didn't expect Elisa to say that. He was a bit surprised, but also somewhat pleased. 
Gareth, somewhat taken aback by her response, couldn't help but find it amusing. “It's good that you acknowledge your debt to me. There's no time like the present. I can sense that you're not in the best spirits since your return. Let me help you relax a bit, even if it means I'll have to suffer some losses.” 
His words made Elisa burst into laughter. 
After all, Gareth was known for his shrewdness in the business world. If anyone were to suffer losses, it wouldn't be him. 
Nevertheless, Elisa was convinced and eventually relented. 
“All right, send me the location.” 
###chapter1928
Chapter 1930 Red Roses
Before long, Gareth sent over the location. 
After confirming the general direction with a quick glance, Elisa set off in her car and arrived at a shopping mall. 
Gareth was already waiting for her outside, and as soon as he spotted her, a warm smile lit up his face. This drew the attention of passersby who couldn't help but steal glances at the handsome man. 
Gareth had an impressive presence, and while he waited for Elisa, he naturally attracted the gaze of many onlookers. 
However, when he wasn't smiling, he exuded an icy aura that deterred all but the boldest admirers. 
Of course, some daring individuals even approached him to ask for his contact information, but they were all politely turned down with a simple statement: “I'm already married.” 
Others were curious to see what kind of partner would match such a handsome man. 
Upon meeting Elisa, they understood the concept of a match made in heaven. 
Both of them, in terms of appearance and temperament, were a perfect match. 
Upon seeing Gareth, Elisa felt the remnants of her earlier conversation with Edith dissipate, and she approached him with a smile.
It had become a habit formed during their time on the island—no matter how tired or challenging life became, when they saw each other, all weariness seemed to vanish. 
“Is everything settled?” Gareth removed his scarf and gently wrapped it around Elisa's neck. 
Elisa didn't refuse his gesture; she simply replied softly, “Sort of, but we didn't reach an agreement.” 
The man let out a light chuckle. “I could tell from the look on your face when you came over. But Edith has spent a lifetime with Paul. Feelings aside, she wouldn't just let things go for the sake of her reputation.” 
Elisa nodded, murmuring, “You're right. I should have realized that earlier.” 
Seeing the situation, Gareth patted her shoulder. “Don't dwell on it. I doubt Edith would have reacted any differently. Otherwise, why would she suggest having a separate conversation with you?” 
Elisa nodded again. 
Gareth continued, “Let's consider today as a date. Cheer up!” 
Elisa, in her usual fashion, nodded, but after a moment, she realized something was amiss. She looked at Gareth in surprise. “You never mentioned this was a date. You just asked me to clear my day for you.” 
The man let out a drawn-out “Oh,” his voice trailing off. “Does it make a difference?” 
Before Elisa could respond, a little girl holding a bunch of flowers approached them. She held up the flowers and said with a smile, “Mister, why don't you buy a bouquet of tulips for your girlfriend?” 
“Is avarything sattlad?” Garath ramovad his scarf and gantly wrappad it around Elisa's nack. 
Elisa didn't rafusa his gastura; sha simply rapliad softly, “Sort of, but wa didn't raach an agraamant.” 
Tha man lat out a light chuckla. “I could tall from tha look on your faca whan you cama ovar. But Edith has spant a lifatima with Paul. Faalings asida, sha wouldn't just lat things go for tha saka of har raputation.” 
Elisa noddad, murmuring, “You'ra right. I should hava raalizad that aarliar.” 
Saaing tha situation, Garath pattad har shouldar. “Don't dwall on it. I doubt Edith would hava raactad any diffarantly. Otharwisa, why would sha suggast having a saparata convarsation with you?” 
Elisa noddad again. 
Garath continuad, “Lat's considar today as a data. Chaar up!” 
Elisa, in har usual fashion, noddad, but aftar a momant, sha raalizad somathing was amiss. Sha lookad at Garath in surprisa. “You navar mantionad this was a data. You just askad ma to claar my day for you.” 
Tha man lat out a drawn-out “Oh,” his voica trailing off. “Doas it maka a diffaranca?” 
Bafora Elisa could raspond, a littla girl holding a bunch of flowars approachad tham. Sha hald up tha
flowars and said with a smila, “Mistar, why don't you buy a bouquat of tulips for your girlfriand?” 
Elisa wanted to clarify, but Gareth was charmed by the little girl's suggestion. He quickly pulled out some cash from his wallet and handed it to the little girl. “Do you have any roses?” 
The little girl took the money and replied promptly, “I do!” 
As she spoke, two bouquets of roses appeared—crushed ice blue roses and traditional red roses. 
Gareth hesitated for a moment, his hand hovering between the two bouquets, before ultimately choosing the traditional red roses. 
The little girl looked slightly puzzled and kindly advised, “Mister, the blue roses are more popular.” 
Gareth smiled. “I know, but aren't these dyed?” 
Unspoken was the fact that, in his heart, Elisa resembled these red roses. They symbolized freedom, passion, beauty, and captivation. 
The little girl, somewhat bewildered, nodded and gave Gareth his change. However, he waved his hand, saying, “No need, consider it a reward for your sweet talk.” 
With that, he led Elisa into the mall. Upon entering, he handed her the roses. 
Elisa lowered her head to take a look. 
###chapter1929
Chapter 1931 Watch A Movie
A peculiar feeling swirled in Elisa's heart. 
Accepting this bouquet of roses seemed like agreeing to Gareth's words, as if she were agreeing to go on a date with him. 
It burdened her. 
Her lips moved slightly, and she spoke with honesty. “I'll accept the roses as a gift from a friend. But if you have any other intentions... I'm afraid I can't comply.” 
Elisa remained calm, not wanting to engage in behavior that might cross the line or lead to misunderstandings with Gareth, especially without fully considering the nature of their relationship or her own feelings. 
She didn't want to start something vague that might end unclearly. 
Gareth appeared somewhat disappointed, but the feeling passed quickly, and he didn't dwell on it. Despite his momentary sadness, he simply smiled and said, “Don't worry; consider it a gift from a friend.” 
Gareth changed the topic, asking, “I've bought movie tickets. Would you like to go together?” 
Elisa, still holding the rose, contemplated. It had been a long time since she had gone to the cinema to watch a movie. 
She used to think it was a waste of time, with the opportunity cost being too high. However, she felt
differently now and found the idea intriguing. 
She nodded, and Gareth took her to collect the tickets. 
His choice of movie demonstrated good taste; it wasn't a cheesy romance or a fabricated horror film. Instead, it was a light-hearted comedy animation. 
Elisa was a bit slow to react when she first saw the tickets. 
Waving the ticket in her hand, she asked, “Is this what we're watching?” 
Gareth cryptically replied, “Don't underestimate this animated film; you'll understand once you watch it.” 
Hesitant but curious, Elisa followed Gareth into the cinema hall. She held the rose and the bucket of popcorn he had insistently given her as they entered the hall. 
There were many children in the cinema hall, which initially worried her. However, the parents of the children proved responsible, and none of the unpleasant incidents she had feared actually occurred. 
The movie received a positive response, with laughter and even tears from the audience. 
Although Elisa didn't cry, she found the humorous moments quite enjoyable. 
Before she knew it, she had devoured a significant portion of the popcorn. 
Upon leaving the cinema, Elisa belatedly realized that all the popcorn was gone. 
Sha noddad, and Garath took har to collact tha tickats. 
His choica of movia damonstratad good tasta; it wasn't a chaasy romanca or a fabricatad horror film. Instaad, it was a light-haartad comady animation. 
Elisa was a bit slow to raact whan sha first saw tha tickats. 
Waving tha tickat in har hand, sha askad, “Is this what wa'ra watching?” 
Garath cryptically rapliad, “Don't undarastimata this animatad film; you'll undarstand onca you watch it.” 
Hasitant but curious, Elisa followad Garath into tha cinama hall. Sha hald tha rosa and tha buckat of popcorn ha had insistantly givan har as thay antarad tha hall. 
Thara wara many childran in tha cinama hall, which initially worriad har. Howavar, tha parants of tha childran provad rasponsibla, and nona of tha unplaasant incidants sha had faarad actually occurrad. 
Tha movia racaivad a positiva rasponsa, with laughtar and avan taars from tha audianca. 
Although Elisa didn't cry, sha found tha humorous momants quita anjoyabla. 
Bafora sha knaw it, sha had davourad a significant portion of tha popcorn. 
Upon laaving tha cinama, Elisa balatadly raalizad that all tha popcorn was gona. 
Recalling how she had initially declined the popcorn, Elisa fell into a momentary silence. 
Gareth didn't comment on it. After the movie, he took Elisa to the arcade on the next floor, employing various dating strategies he had found online. 
An amusing scene unfolded in the arcade. 
Gareth, impeccably dressed in a suit and leather shoes, with hair meticulously groomed, looked quite out of place while standing in front of the claw machine, trying to grab a toy. His outfit alone was equivalent to the price of the entire arcade. 
Tokens were inserted, disappearing without a sound. 
A passing child pointed at Gareth and remarked to his mother, “Mom, look at that guy, he's so silly.” 
Elisa held her forehead, unable to bear watching. However, it seemed Gareth's competitive spirit had been ignited, and he continued exchanging more tokens, determined to demonstrate his claw machine skills. 
Finally, the arcade staff couldn't bear it any longer and adjusted the sensitivity of the claw machine. Gareth, after numerous attempts, successfully grabbed a toy — the same figurine they had seen in the movie. 
With a gentle smile, he handed it to Elisa.
###chapter1930
Chapter 1932 Just Be Yourself
Gareth appeared content, leaving Elisa somewhat speechless. She wasn't sure what to say. 
“Actually... you don't have to do this,” she began. 
Gareth was a man of pride, brilliance, and arrogance. 
But when it came to dating, he seemed lost, and even Thomas, his trusted aide, was clueless in this department. Hence, he ended up resorting to the somewhat foolish idea of searching for dating strategies online. 
Elisa could see through it, but she chose not to expose him. 
There was a sense of being protected and cherished in this awkwardness. However, she didn't want the formidable Gareth to lose his true self. 
As Elisa chuckled, her laughter gradually subsided. 
She took the doll from Gareth's hand and handed it to the child standing nearby. The child had been eagerly watching, hoping to play with the claw machine but couldn't because they were using it. 
The child, receiving the toy, cheered with joy and happily went off to find their mother. 
Elisa said, “These are things that little kids or young girls would like. I don't really have an interest in them.” She paused, her gaze fixed on Gareth. “Similarly, these are things that young boys do. You don't need to do them.” 
Gareth opened his mouth but found himself speechless. 
For the first time, Elisa took the initiative to hold Gareth's hand, momentarily leaving him in a daze. 
Then, he followed suit, firmly gripping Elisa's hand. He was afraid to let go as if doing so would cause him to lose everything. 
Elisa didn't resist; she allowed him to lead her, guiding him away from the shopping mall. 
They ended up at a barbecue stall adjacent to the mall, where they sat in silence. 
Reluctantly, Gareth released Elisa's hand, but the warmth of her touch lingered in his palm. 
Elisa greeted the owner and efficiently placed their order. 
Gareth, on the other hand, seemed somewhat out of place in this environment, feeling a bit lost. It was clear that this wasn't his usual scene. 
While Elisa wiped the table, she remarked, “Actually, when you brought me to this mall, I knew it was some ill-advised idea you must have picked up from somewhere. This mall doesn't have Gucci, Louis Vuitton, Prada, or Chanel. It's just an ordinary shopping district. This must be your first time here.” 
Gareth nodded slightly. 
Elisa chuckled. “I've been here a few times with Rachel. We've even encountered those young couples following your plans for their dates.” 
Hearing this, Gareth understood that Elisa had seen through his intentions. Being exposed didn't feel too awkward for him. He had always been like this. Nevertheless, it didn't stop him from discreetly deducting Thomas' salary. 
“I'm sorry; I'm not very skilled in these matters,” Gareth sincerely admitted. 
Elisa shook her head earnestly, saying, “You don't need to apologize. You didn't do anything wrong. It's just that these things aren't quite suitable for you. Take the claw machine, for example; it's all determined by the system. No matter how clever you are, if it doesn't want you to win, you won't.” 
She paused for a moment, then continued, “What I mean is, you don't need to do things you're not good at, and you don't need to change yourself, Mr. Wickam. You're perfectly fine just the way you are.” 
Gareth's heart swelled with the warmth of Elisa's words. 
The two of them gazed at each other from across the somewhat noisy barbecue stand. 
At that moment, with just one glance, Gareth knew he hadn't fallen for the wrong person. 
“Here's your order!”
###chapter1931
Chapter 1933 Reconciliation
The owner brought a platter of perfectly grilled barbecue to their table, laden with a variety of delights from eggplant and bell peppers to potatoes, lamb skewers, and bacon. 
Elisa deftly retrieved two disposable forks, offering one to Gareth. 
He accepted it with some hesitation, his eyes fixed on Elisa, who e nodded toward the barbecue platter. 
“Give it a try! This is the barbecue place Rachel and I found. It's quite clean and not as greasy as some other places.” 
Elisa's insistence on cleaning the table was driven by her concern for Gareth's comfort. 
Upon hearing her words, he glanced around and noticed the tidy and welcoming atmosphere. 
Unlike the greasy food stalls he remembered, this place lacked the half-naked men and rowdy patrons engaged in drinking games. It was indeed cleaner and more pleasant. 
Gareth nodded appreciatively and picked up a piece of bacon, savoring it. 
The bacon, expertly grilled by a skilled chef, offered a unique and delicious flavor. 
Gareth enjoyed the meal, and this seemed to please Elisa. They relished their food, complemented by a bit of wine. 
It wasn't the fancy red wine from a high-end hotel, but rather a bottle of inexpensive yet satisfying beer, spicy and invigorating. 
For Elisa, the experience brought back memories of her university days. 
Surprisingly, Gareth, who had never tried this type of drink before, didn't resist it. 
Elisa observed this with care, taking note of his reaction. 
Time seemed to stretch on during this meal, and eventually, Elisa found herself inebriated. 
Gareth gazed at her as she mumbled in her sleep at the table, his expression tender and affectionate. 
He gently brushed a strand of hair from her cheek, speaking softly as if talking to himself. “When will you be able to fully accept me?” 
After paying the bill, he lifted Elisa and carried her into a taxi. 
His own car would require Thomas to be awakened and summoned to drive it home, serving as a form of payback to Thomas for the lackluster date idea. 
Despite the freezing weather, Thomas had little choice but to oblige without complaint. 
Upon arriving home, the taxi couldn't drive into the residential area. 
Gareth opted to carry Elisa as he proceeded toward the residential area, his precious cargo on his back. With each step, he moved forward with the determination to cherish this moment forever. 
Laying on his back, the inebriated Elisa was a stark contrast to her usual sober self. 
Now, she was lively and talkative, her words flowing without pause. 
Her favorite topics were her university experiences with Rachel, and later on, her marriage to Gareth. 
“Did you know? Back when Rachel and I were in university, we tried every delicious food around campus. But then... then I got married.” 
Gareth inquired with a smile, “And what about after marriage?” 
Elisa's demeanor suddenly shifted to agitation. “After marriage? There's no happiness after marriage at all! I truly regret it.” 
Even though he knew Elisa was intoxicated, Gareth chose to apologize. 
“I'm sorry...” 
Just as he thought he wouldn't receive a response, Elisa, leaning on his shoulder, whispered, “It's okay.” 
Gareth's heart skipped a beat. 
Elisa appeared drunk, yet somehow, she remained conscious. She continued, “I'm very happy today. Thank you.” 
He paused for a moment and, under the moonlight's gentle glow, replied, “You're welcome.” 
With that, Gareth carried Elisa on his back all the way home. 
###chapter1932
Chapter 1934 His Injuries
The next morning, when Elisa awoke, she found herself in her own bed at home, momentarily disoriented. 
As her memory returned, she recalled that Gareth had brought her back the previous night. 
Reflecting on the events of yesterday, Elisa rubbed her head, paused for a moment, and didn't rush to get up. Instead, she chose to gaze out the window. 
The sunlight streamed in, making her squint against its brightness. 
It wasn't until she heard Gareth's voice from downstairs that she snapped back to reality. 
“Are you awake? If you're up, come down for breakfast.” 
Elisa nodded and, throwing off her blanket, slipped into her slippers before heading to the bathroom to freshen up. 
When she arrived downstairs, Gareth had already set the table with a feast of dishes, all of which she loved. 
Seeing her descend, Gareth pulled out a chair for her. 
“Have a seat.” 
Elisa thanked him and took her place. She surveyed the array of delicious and fragrant dishes on the table, then glanced at Gareth, her surprise evident. “Did you prepare all of these?” 
Gareth offered a faint smile. “Who else could it be?” 
Elisa was genuinely taken aback. She hadn't expected Gareth to be so versatile, seemingly capable of anything. 
“Give them a try.” Gareth raised an eyebrow, encouraging Elisa to taste the food. 
She licked her lips and scooped up a spoonful of oatmeal that he had prepared. Surprisingly, it tasted remarkably good. 
“How is it?” Gareth asked with anticipation, his eyes locked onto Elisa. 
One might be surprised to know that even during high-stakes company negotiations, Gareth had never displayed this level of nervousness. 
Elisa seemed lost in thought for a moment, savoring the flavors. 
Gareth's heart began to race. 
Fortunately, she finally gave a thumbs up, and his eyes lit up with a smile. 
“Your approval means more to me than any five-star chef's.” He proceeded to serve Elisa another bowl of oatmeal, pushing it toward her. 
Elisa smiled, savoring her meal in quiet contentment.
They both ate in silence, enveloped by a tranquil atmosphere. Neither felt the need to break the warm stillness with words. 
Suddenly... 
Cough, cough, cough! 
Gareth began to cough violently. 
Concern etched across her face, Elisa set down her utensils and asked, “Are you okay?” 
He shook his head, but the coughing persisted. He tried to say something to reassure Elisa, but the words refused to come out. 
Then, a realization dawned on her. Gareth was still nursing injuries from their recent ordeal. 
From the time they were stranded on that small island to their return home, he hadn't shown any signs of discomfort. However, this didn't mean his injuries had healed. 
In fact, the whole ordeal likely exacerbated his wounds. He had endured it silently, never complaining. 
Now it seemed he had reached his breaking point. 
“Let me see your wounds.” Elisa was visibly anxious, but her worry didn't cloud her judgment. She remained clear-headed and her movements were practiced and efficient. 
“I'm fine.” Gareth managed a smile, though his face was pale. 
However, she paid no heed to his protests, undoing his clothes to examine his injuries. 
The wounds didn't seem to have worsened, but the internal injuries required proper care and rest. 
Gareth, now half-undressed, lay back as if completely drained, while Elisa straddled him to inspect the wounds. 
From an outsider's perspective, their positions seemed rather compromising, akin to a female bandit forcibly robbing a frail scholar. 
Nonetheless, Gareth made no attempt to resist. 
Realizing the ambiguous nature of their positions, Elisa quickly disengaged and hopped down from him. 
Gareth, with a triumphant smile that conveyed unspoken understanding, calmly adjusted his clothing. 
Though no words were exchanged, it felt as though everything had been communicated. 
###chapter1933
Chapter 1935 The Trial
In those twinkling eyes, an unspoken message seemed to linger: “You have to take responsibility for me.” 
Elisa shifted her gaze somewhat awkwardly, then scratched her head apologetically, saying, “I'm sorry, I was being presumptuous.” 
Gareth offered a faint, reassuring smile, signaling that he understood. 
He appeared delicate, and Elisa bit her lip, seemingly lost in thought. 
“You shouldn't blame yourself too much; this isn't your fault.” Gareth tried to console her, hoping to ease her burden. 
Elisa didn't respond immediately. She simply patted Gareth's shoulder suddenly and said, “Since you're injured, you shouldn't go to court today.” 
That day was scheduled for the formal hearing of Paul and Rochelle. 
Originally, Gareth was supposed to accompany Elisa. The recurrence of his wound wasn't in his plans, but since it happened, he decided to go along with it. 
It was partly to make Elisa feel a bit more concerned for him. 
However... this wasn't the outcome he had anticipated. 
Gareth immediately sat up straight, indicating that he was perfectly fine. 
With a playful gleam in her eyes, Elisa managed to keep a straight face as she said, “Whether there's a problem or not, it's not for you to decide; it's up to me. Just stay home today and wait for me to bring back some good news.” 
With that declaration, Elisa gave Gareth's shoulder another pat, and the matter was settled. 
Before he could protest, Elisa had made up her mind and started marching upstairs, her foot thumping against the floor. 
Gareth remained still, a wry smile on his face as he shook his head. He couldn't divert his gaze from Elisa's retreating figure ascending the stairs. 
Seems like I've shot myself in the foot, didn't I? 
By the time Elisa had finished changing her clothes, Gareth was already neatly dressed and seated in the living room. 
However, Elisa completely ignored him and headed straight for the door. 
Gareth rose to his feet, unable to refrain from calling out to Elisa, “You really won't be taking me with you?” 
Elisa pivoted, her expression marked by confusion. “Of course not.” 
Why would I be lying about it? 
Gareth's frustration was palpable. 
She gently patted his shoulder, earnestly saying, “This is for your own well-being. Is there anything specific you'd like to eat? I can bring it back for you later.” 
Having spoken, she drove off without waiting for Gareth's reply. 
He trailed after her, leaning against the door frame, arms folded across his chest, legs crossed at the ankles. He watched the fading trail of exhaust left by Elisa's car, a mix of amusement and exasperation on his face. 
Through the rearview mirror, Elisa glimpsed Gareth standing there, a glimmer of amusement in his eyes. 
Nevertheless, she continued her journey, heading to the People's Court where the trial of Paul and Rochelle was scheduled for that day. 
Elisa ventured forth alone, and Edith had already entered with a team of lawyers, clearly committed to leaving no stone unturned in Paul's defense. 
This unavoidably strained the relationship between the two sides. 
This time, Elisa refrained from summoning Gareth or Bella. She was intent on avoiding any perception of the Wickam family taking sides. 
Moreover, some battles had to be faced solo. 
Elisa took a deep breath, mentally steeling herself as she assumed her place in the plaintiff's seat in the courtroom. 
Her lawyer had been waiting since early morning. 
They were hired at great cost from Atharia and were experts in handling such lawsuits. They were also a top-tier lawyer borrowed by Gareth from another firm. 
Elisa and Edith were both determined to give it their all. T 
The outcome depended significantly on Rochelle, as one side sought to incarcerate Paul while the other aimed for his acquittal. 
Elisa took her seat, flashing a smile at Edith from across the room. 
###chapter1934
Chapter 1936 Failed Mediation
It could be considered a greeting of sorts. 
However, Edith clearly wasn't buying it; her gaze remained sharp and unwavering, fixated on Elisa as though she had singled her out as prey. 
It wasn't entirely her fault; after all, they had a heated disagreement before entering the courtroom. Edith had even tried to dissuade Elisa just before the trial began. 
“If you're willing to drop the lawsuit now, the Grayson family will be there to support you in the future. In other words, our family would owe you a favor,” Edith had stated during their last mediation session before the court proceedings. 
Over the years, the Grayson family's standing might not have been as illustrious as before, but they still held a considerable amount of influence. Many were willing to be indebted to the Grayson family, given the chance. 
Elisa, however, remained unfazed. 
She would much rather send Paul into prison than be owed a favor by the Graysons. 
She had come too far to change her mind. It would be unjust to her and Gareth, considering the hardships they had endured during this ordeal. It would also be unfair to Bella and Julia, who had carried their burdens alongside them. 
A faint smile curled upon Elisa's lips as she replied, “Thank you, Mrs. Grayson, but there are certain things I must see through.” 
Seeing Elisa's resolute and unyielding demeanor, even Edith couldn't help but vent her frustration. “I just don't understand why you're so determined to bring Paul to justice. Yes, he made a mistake, but can't you forgive him just this once?” 
Edith's voice quivered, and her tone softened. “Paul has been with the company for many years, and although he may not have made substantial contributions, he has put in years of hard work.” 
Edith abandoned her facade as a wealthy lady and earnestly pleaded. 
Indeed, Paul had been a dedicated contributor to the company in his early years. But later, he had spiraled into arrogance and laid claim to what was never meant to be his. 
It was Paul himself who had brought about his current situation, inching himself into the abyss. 
There was no one else to blame. 
Elisa regarded Edith with a mixture of puzzlement and pity in her eyes. 
She voiced her thoughts, saying, “A man who is disloyal to his family lacks the most fundamental sense of responsibility. How can we expect him to behave responsibly in society? Mrs. Grayson, why do you insist on defending him?” 
Edith opened her mouth to respond but found herself momentarily speechless. 
“Furthermore,” Elisa added with a smile, “Haven't you already persuaded Rochelle to take full responsibility? What is there to be concerned about?” 
Edith instinctively took a half step back, surprised that Elisa was privy to this information. 
It was evident that this young lady possessed far more extensive resources and connections than Edith had anticipated—an adversary to be reckoned with. 
Without Edith's interference, Elisa's case proceeded smoothly to the courtroom. 
Edith's disdain was well-founded, but Elisa had no inclination to explain herself. 
After all, everyone had their own perspective. 
After years of enduring what Paul had done to her and the company, they had reached an insurmountable impasse. This was the only recourse. 
“The court is now in session.” 
As the judge's pronouncement echoed through the courtroom, it signaled the end of any hope for mediation and the commencement of the legal process. 
Edith closed her eyes, silently offering her prayers. 
Rochelle and Paul were escorted in, both in handcuffs. 
Compared to their previous encounter, Rochelle appeared considerably more spirited. 
###chapter1935
Chapter 1937 Turning Against
Elisa glanced at Edith across from her. She must've made the arrangements. Taking good care of Rochelle in prison might also be one of the benefits that persuaded Rochelle to willingly take on the blame. As for the rest, she likely offered her money and power as well as a promise to take care of Rochelle's family. That's all there is to it. 
Elisa stared at Rochelle, her smile mysterious and inscrutable. It'll be best if she doesn't disappoint me. 
The moment their eyes met, Rochelle awkwardly shifted her gaze away. Is she feeling guilty? 
Elisa laughed. 
The court proceedings officially commenced, and the plaintiff's lawyer from Elisa's side began to present his case. 
His speech was impassioned and indignant, backed up by ample evidence. 
Of course, in the murder accusation, the evidence primarily pointed toward Rochelle. 
There was no direct connection with Paul. 
Rochelle was also the one to contact the waiter afterward. 
The only thing that could possibly suggest Paul was guilty was the surveillance footage. The footage showed that Paul immediately followed right after Rochelle dragged Elisa away. He even brought with him a group of men. 
However, judicial trials did not entertain speculation, only evidence. 
There was no direct evidence to prove Paul was guilty. Hence, they could only rely on Rochelle's testimony. 
When it was Rochelle's turn to speak, her gaze flickered, shifting from the judge to Edith before finally settling on Elisa. 
Edith was very nervous, so much so that her clenched fingers had turned pale. 
Right now, Rochelle was the center of attention in the court, as her testimony played a crucial role in that case. 
Rochelle was also very conflicted, constantly struggling inwardly. 
She hung her head low, engaged in a fierce inner conflict. 
Finally, under the judge's third urging, Rochelle raised her head, her eyes filled with determination. “No.” 
Elisa was somewhat disheartened. She truly wanted to give Rochelle a hand, but sadly, the latter didn't seize the chance. 
Edith finally let her guard down, giving Elisa a triumphant glance. Naive girl, no matter how harsh your words are or how well-connected you are, what's the use? You still lost to me. 
Paul was also brimming with excitement, loudly proclaiming his innocence. 
The officer tried several times to push him back into his seat but to no avail. 
Elisa looked at him. During that period, it seemed that Paul had not suffered any hardships because not only did he not lose weight, but he had also gained some. It seems like the food inside is pretty good. 
There wos no direct evidence to prove Poul wos guilty. Hence, they could only rely on Rochelle's testimony. 
When it wos Rochelle's turn to speok, her goze flickered, shifting from the judge to Edith before finolly settling on Eliso. 
Edith wos very nervous, so much so thot her clenched fingers hod turned pole. 
Right now, Rochelle wos the center of ottention in the court, os her testimony ployed o cruciol role in thot cose. 
Rochelle wos olso very conflicted, constontly struggling inwordly. 
She hung her heod low, engoged in o fierce inner conflict. 
Finolly, under the judge's third urging, Rochelle roised her heod, her eyes filled with determinotion. “No.” 
Eliso wos somewhot disheortened. She truly wonted to give Rochelle o hond, but sodly, the lotter didn't
seize the chonce. 
Edith finolly let her guord down, giving Eliso o triumphont glonce. Noive girl, no motter how horsh your words ore or how well-connected you ore, whot's the use? You still lost to me. 
Poul wos olso brimming with excitement, loudly procloiming his innocence. 
The officer tried severol times to push him bock into his seot but to no ovoil. 
Eliso looked ot him. During thot period, it seemed thot Poul hod not suffered ony hordships becouse not only did he not lose weight, but he hod olso goined some. It seems like the food inside is pretty good. 
Elisa caught the smug look thrown her way by Paul. Celebrate now. Consider it your final revelry. 
The judge once again asked Rochelle if what she said was true. 
This time, Rochelle was much more resolute, nodding her head to show her certainty. 
Elisa's lawyer couldn't help but speak up and remind Rochelle, “Ms. Matterson, I feel obliged to remind you that perjury is also a crime. If you intend to shoulder all the responsibility alone... the consequences are beyond your imagination.” 
“ion!” The lawyer from Edith's side immediately raised a rebuttal. “Please refrain from uttering leading statements to the client.” 
Elisa's lawyer nodded and took a seat. 
The judge once again asked Rochelle if what she said was true. 
Rochelle dithered, hesitating to speak. 
She glanced over at Edith's side. 
Elisa noticed Edith nodding at Rochelle, likely reaffirming their previous agreement. 
Tears filled Rochelle's eyes. 
In the end, she nodded.
###chapter1936
Chapter 1938 Are You Serious
Still, what difference would it make? 
It seemed those people had forgotten what she used to do. 
Elisa's knuckles gently rapped on the table, a hint of scorn playing at the corners of her mouth. “You all might be disappointed. He's not my legal representative.” 
The next moment, Rachel had already walked in from outside the court. She winked at Elisa. “Sorry that I'm late. There was a bit of traffic on the way.” 
Elisa might not be able to defend herself, but a good friend could. Everyone in Bayswe knew how outstanding Rachel was. 
Elisa thought. Did they really believe that because they had a prior discussion, Paul and Rochelle could avoid being sentenced, and Edith could escape without any implication? Dream on! The net must be drawn in little by little, and now, it's time to reel it in. 
Rachel's justified and well-founded arguments, coupled with the evidence she had gathered, made her speech very convincing, particularly since she was a top-tier lawyer. Every word she uttered left Edith's party appearing relatively weak. 
When the evidence was produced, the expressions of Edith and Paul drastically changed. 
Rachel put forth a few demands. “My client demands that the defendant return the shares of Benett Corporation and compensate three times the amount embezzled from Benett Corporation over these years. Furthermore, those who previously intended to harm her have committed attempted murder.
According to criminal law, the defendant should bear criminal responsibility.” 
Paul and Rochelle were the ones who should be sentenced. 
It was too late for Edith to escape now. Consequently, one was convicted of corruption and bribery, the other of intentional injury. Paul was sentenced to fifteen years of imprisonment, Rochelle to ten years, and Edith to five years. 
Elisa was very satisfied with the verdict. 
The next person she had to deal with was Norman. 
Elisa stepped out of the court, with Rachel following closely behind her. The two of them, walking one after the other, were the beauties in the legal field, both capable and gorgeous. 
Gareth's car was parked outside the court. 
Gareth had anticipated that Elisa would seek help from Rachel. He had never mentioned it, but now that he saw Rachel, Gareth nodded his head to greet her. 
However, Rachel still didn't show any kindness toward Gareth. After all, he had undoubtedly hurt Elisa in the past. 
She just didn't expect that Vincent would also be there. 
Poul ond Rochelle were the ones who should be sentenced. 
It wos too lote for Edith to escope now. Consequently, one wos convicted of corruption ond bribery, the other of intentionol injury. Poul wos sentenced to fifteen yeors of imprisonment, Rochelle to ten yeors, ond Edith to five yeors. 
Eliso wos very sotisfied with the verdict. 
The next person she hod to deol with wos Normon. 
Eliso stepped out of the court, with Rochel following closely behind her. The two of them, wolking one ofter the other, were the beouties in the legol field, both copoble ond gorgeous. 
Goreth's cor wos porked outside the court. 
Goreth hod onticipoted thot Eliso would seek help from Rochel. He hod never mentioned it, but now thot he sow Rochel, Goreth nodded his heod to greet her. 
However, Rochel still didn't show ony kindness toword Goreth. After oll, he hod undoubtedly hurt Eliso in the post. 
She just didn't expect thot Vincent would olso be there. 
“Well, what a coincidence to bump into you all today! Why don't we seize the moment and have lunch together? Isn't it better to make the most of this chance encounter?” 
Dressed in a black business suit and carrying a briefcase, Vincent looked extremely professional. However, the moment he laughed and spoke, the illusion shattered instantly. 
Rachel glared at him. Coincidence? This is clearly deliberate! This guy knew I was coming today and rushed over on purpose. 
“Liz and I still have some important matters to attend to, so you two go ahead and eat. Liz, let's go.” With that, Rachel took Elisa by the hand. 
Elisa notified her to come today. Ever since Elisa and Gareth disappeared, she had searched for them the whole time, constantly swamped. 
Today, it was about time for them to have a proper get-together! 
As she spoke, Rachel took Elisa's hand and walked away, leaving Vincent and Gareth behind them. 
When Vincent wanted to give chase and say something more, Gareth stopped him by shaking his head at Vincent. Vincent stared at Gareth incredulously. “Bro, are you serious? You're really just letting the two of them go like this? Or you've already sorted things out with Elisa upon your return?” 
###chapter1937
Chapter 1939 Three Birds
With a slight purse of his lips, Gareth shot a sharp glance at Vincent. “Do you think she would still leave with Rachel if I had sorted things out with her?” 
“So, it's not settled yet? What have you been doing all this time? You and Elisa both disappeared for such a long time. Now that you came back together, you're telling me you haven't sorted things out with her yet?” 
Vincent stared at Gareth in disbelief. The latter's face was as cold as frost. His whole demeanor was gloomy as if he was enveloped in a pervasive aura of malevolence. 
Vincent clearly perceived it, yet he deliberately hit Gareth where it hurt. 
Gareth immediately retorted, “Well, while I was away, did you manage to win over Rachel?” 
Vincent was rendered speechless. 
Gareth immediately rolled his eyes at him. You haven't achieved anything either, so what's there to talk about? 
Gareth didn't say another word, leaving Vincent behind him. Vincent caught up with him. “They've left, but we can still go eat. I haven't eaten yet. You should at least treat me to a meal after not seeing each other for so long.” 
“Will you starve to death if you miss one meal?” Gareth's voice was cold as ice, and he did not even bother to turn his head. 
He had just opened the car door when Vincent hopped in. “Sure, hunger won't kill me. But I haven't seen you for a while, and there are some things I want to discuss with you privately. Surely, you're not so stingy as to deny me a meal?” 
“What do you have to talk about? Let's skip the clichés about romance, love, hatred, and revenge, shall we?” 
At that time, Vincent had already comfortably settled in the passenger seat. He fastened his seatbelt, and Gareth did not chase him out of the car either. 
Vincent chuckled lightly, then slowly picked up the conversation. “No. It's about those things you and Elisa asked me to take care of before you two left.” 
“Let's talk now,” Gareth said. He wasn't in a rush to start the engine. He pulled the car over, rolled down the window, and lit a cigarette. 
Elisa and Rachel left without even sparing him a glance, completely ignoring him. The look in their eyes and resoluteness only made him feel increasingly upset. 
Vincent glanced around. Indeed, there was no one at the courthouse entrance. “Are you sure you want to talk here? Although there's nothing to be afraid of, you're really stingy. You won't even treat me to a meal. I haven't eaten lunch yet! Surely, we can't starve while they go off to eat, can we?” 
Vincent let out a long, deep sigh. 
“Whot do you hove to tolk obout? Let's skip the clichés obout romonce, love, hotred, ond revenge, sholl we?” 
At thot time, Vincent hod olreody comfortobly settled in the possenger seot. He fostened his seotbelt, ond Goreth did not chose him out of the cor either. 
Vincent chuckled lightly, then slowly picked up the conversotion. “No. It's obout those things you ond Eliso osked me to toke core of before you two left.” 
“Let's tolk now,” Goreth soid. He wosn't in o rush to stort the engine. He pulled the cor over, rolled down the window, ond lit o cigorette. 
Eliso ond Rochel left without even sporing him o glonce, completely ignoring him. The look in their eyes ond resoluteness only mode him feel increosingly upset. 
Vincent glonced oround. Indeed, there wos no one ot the courthouse entronce. “Are you sure you wont to tolk here? Although there's nothing to be ofroid of, you're reolly stingy. You won't even treot me to o meol. I hoven't eoten lunch yet! Surely, we con't storve while they go off to eot, con we?” 
Vincent let out o long, deep sigh. 
Gareth glanced at him, then started the engine. 
Meanwhile, Elisa and Rachel had arrived at a café. 
Rachel ordered two cups of their usual black coffee. While they were waiting, she asked Elisa about her progress, “Regarding Norman, do you have any thoughts?” 
“Of course. What I want is not just his conviction. I want him to suffer excruciating pain. However, Linda
will definitely try her best to get her father out. We need to keep an eye on her. The moment she makes a move...” Elisa sneered as she spoke. 
Once Linda made her move, her true colors would also be revealed. Moreover, the big boss supporting Linda might also come into the light. 
Elisa would be able to kill three birds with one stone. Just thinking about it made her heart flutter with joy. 
“Not bad. This plan is pretty good. I'll help you follow up when the time comes. You can rest assured and be Benett Corporation's boss. Then... Hold on. Don't tell me you're planning to remarry Gareth upon your return this time?” She settled everything, including her career. In that case, only her love life is still uncertain. 
The thought made Rachel panic. She was terrified that Elisa and Gareth might reconcile. That was not the outcome she wanted to see!
###chapter1938
Chapter 1940 Never An Ex
She wasn't against Elisa focusing on her romance after establishing her career. If Will weren't in a wheelchair now, considering his current affection for Elisa, Rachel would support Will. 
But Will was now in a wheelchair, not to mention Marsha didn't like Elisa. On the other hand, even if the entire Wickam family hoped for their remarriage, what difference would it make? 
Gareth was once clearly and unmistakably a scoundrel. 
Elisa shook her head. At that moment, the waiter arrived carrying two cups of freshly brewed coffee, placing one cup in front of Elisa and Rachel each. 
Elisa raised her cup, took a gentle sip, and then said, “I'm grateful for my Grandma and Bella's support upon my return. I handled Benett Corporation's affairs by first dealing with Paul, making an example out of him to keep others in line. Those people wouldn't dare to act recklessly. Also, it's about time we start discussing our collaboration with Darcey Group.” 
If she hadn't encountered misfortune and ended up in the small fishing village, her collaboration with Darcey Group would have already been underway. 
Now that she was back, she couldn't delay the collaboration with Darcey Group any longer. She decided to visit Will tomorrow. 
“In any case, I don't want to see your feelings being trampled on like that again. If you and Gareth never started anything, I wouldn't to you being with him, even if I know what kind of person he is. Why? Because no matter what, he is completely devoted to you and is willing to change for you.” 
“Isn't the current Gareth the same?” Elisa chuckled in response to Rachel's words. Noticing Rachel's face turning cold, Elisa also realized how significant her statement was in defending Gareth. 
From the small fishing village to Moranta, they'd journeyed together through a lot. Gareth had really helped her a lot. 
She noticed all of Gareth's changes. 
Rachel was serious and stern. “Liz, you're obviously siding with Gareth now. I'm really worried that you'll fall for him again. You can't be swayed by a man's sweet talk. If Gareth truly had feelings for you, why didn't he cherish you in the first place?” Late affection is utterly insignificant, so regardless of who she gets together with, she must never get back together with their ex! 
Elisa nodded and smiled, saying, “I understand, don't worry. What has Sheena been up to lately?” 
It had been a long time since she paid attention to what was happening at the firm, so she figured she should ask about it. 
“Isn't the current Goreth the some?” Eliso chuckled in response to Rochel's words. Noticing Rochel's foce turning cold, Eliso olso reolized how significont her stotement wos in defending Goreth. 
From the smoll fishing villoge to Moronto, they'd journeyed together through o lot. Goreth hod reolly helped her o lot. 
She noticed oll of Goreth's chonges. 
Rochel wos serious ond stern. “Liz, you're obviously siding with Goreth now. I'm reolly worried thot
you'll foll for him ogoin. You con't be swoyed by o mon's sweet tolk. If Goreth truly hod feelings for you, why didn't he cherish you in the first ploce?” Lote offection is utterly insignificont, so regordless of who she gets together with, she must never get bock together with their ex! 
Eliso nodded ond smiled, soying, “I understond, don't worry. Whot hos Sheeno been up to lotely?” 
It hod been o long time since she poid ottention to whot wos hoppening ot the firm, so she figured she should osk obout it. 
When Rachel heard Elisa asking, she knew the latter was deliberately changing the subject. However, she had already given all the reminders she should have given. If Elisa still insisted, she wouldn't go out of her way to stop her. 
She also stopped discussing Gareth, regained her composure, and picked up Elisa's conversation. “Sheena has been busy with work lately, but it seems like her family is also pushing her to go on blind dates. It's always been said that men should marry when they're grown, and women should do the same. D*mn. Why hasn't this changed at all since ancient times? Can't we decide for ourselves when it comes to marriage? Can't we wait until we've had enough fun before getting married?” 
Whenever Rachel thought about those things, she felt her scalp tingle and could only shake her head, feeling utterly helpless. 
Seeing her like that, Elisa couldn't help but laugh. “Of course it's possible. After all, we're no longer living in the old society where they'd force you to get married or find a partner. Now, tell me honestly. How far have you and Vincent progressed?” 
Rachel was stumped. 
She sighed with exasperation. How did this topic of discussion circle back to me? 
###chapter1939
Chapter 1941 He Will Not Give Up
Rachel felt a bit helpless. “There's no way anything could happen between Vincent and me. Liz, what else could possibly develop? Just because Vincent spoke a few words to you, it doesn't mean there could be something between him and me.” 
Suddenly, Rachel didn't know whether to laugh or cry. 
Vincent was both unpleasant and overly talkative. She hadn't even given her consent yet, and it was probable that he had already informed all their friends. 
However, feelings can't be forced. 
With this thought, Rachel cursed Vincent inwardly. 
Just as Vincent and Gareth found a restaurant, Vincent sneezed heavily several times right at the entrance. 
He rubbed his nose, muttering to himself, “How strange, I don't have a cold, but why am I sneezing so much?” 
“That's easy to figure out. You must have done something to upset someone, and now they're talking behind your back and cursing you!” These were the words Gareth quietly directed toward him from his side. 
Gareth's words served as a wake-up call for Vincent, who shrugged and said, “Who could I have possibly offended recently? As a lawyer, isn't it common to fight cases and discuss them? As
representatives of our clients, even if the other party gets emotional, they would vent at our clients, not us... Right, Rachel. The only person who could possibly badmouth me behind my back is Rachel.” 
The idea of Rachel gritting her teeth and vehemently cursing him at that moment amused Vincent to some extent. 
He had been making efforts to win her over for a considerable amount of time, but he still hadn't succeeded in getting Rachel to open up. Rachel truly proved to be a challenging puzzle. Nevertheless, he remained determined and wasn't about to give up. 
Gareth stayed quiet as he entered the restaurant. He asked for a private room and then proceeded to follow the waiter to it, with Vincent trailing closely behind him. 
Back at the café, upon hearing Rachel say that it was impossible for her to get together with Vincent, Elisa fell silent. She knew that discussing relationship matters was never easy. 
Moreover, they were entangled with each other. 
However, the changes in Vincent were clearly noticeable. 
“Vincent has changed a lot compared to before. Furthermore, Vincent and Gareth are not the same. You two have never been together, let alone been married. Why not give it a try?” 
“It's a gamble. If reckless talk is just about winning or losing, then it's really not worth it for me. And reckless talk is purposeful. Liz, that person puts up an act in front of you, so you must not be deceived by his false appearance. It has been such a long time, and if you didn't return, I was about to join
Sheen and the others in stopping the search and rescue team from looking for you, do you know that? You really had us worried sick!” 
The ideo of Rochel gritting her teeth ond vehemently cursing him ot thot moment omused Vincent to some extent. 
He hod been moking efforts to win her over for o consideroble omount of time, but he still hodn't succeeded in getting Rochel to open up. Rochel truly proved to be o chollenging puzzle. Nevertheless, he remoined determined ond wosn't obout to give up. 
Goreth stoyed quiet os he entered the restouront. He osked for o privote room ond then proceeded to follow the woiter to it, with Vincent troiling closely behind him. 
Bock ot the cofé, upon heoring Rochel soy thot it wos impossible for her to get together with Vincent, Eliso fell silent. She knew thot discussing relotionship motters wos never eosy. 
Moreover, they were entongled with eoch other. 
However, the chonges in Vincent were cleorly noticeoble. 
“Vincent hos chonged o lot compored to before. Furthermore, Vincent ond Goreth ore not the some. You two hove never been together, let olone been morried. Why not give it o try?” 
“It's o gomble. If reckless tolk is just obout winning or losing, then it's reolly not worth it for me. And reckless tolk is purposeful. Liz, thot person puts up on oct in front of you, so you must not be deceived by his folse oppeoronce. It hos been such o long time, ond if you didn't return, I wos obout to join Sheen ond the others in stopping the seorch ond rescue teom from looking for you, do you know thot?
You reolly hod us worried sick!” 
Rachel stirred her coffee in front of her and let out a long sigh. 
Her expression was filled with nothing but distress. 
Elisa nodded, her face adorned with a warm smile. 
She knew that Rachel and Sheena were genuinely worried about her. Fortunately, nothing happened between her and Gareth. 
“Oh, Ms. Benett, it's been such a long time since we last met. Where have you been all this while?” 
A teasing voice echoed in Elisa's ear, followed by a noticeable weight on her left shoulder. 
Elisa frowned. Just as she was about to reach out and grab the other person's wrist, they quickly moved their hand away! 
Across from her, Rachel was already furious. “Who are you? How dare you casually touch a girl like that? Where are your manners?” 
“This is a matter between Ms. Benett and me. Is there a need for you to be so agitated?” 
###chapter1940
Chapter 1942 Mr Carrerra
Elisa pulled Rachel away, preventing her from confronting that person directly. 
Pulling Rachel behind her, Elisa curved her lips into a never-changing polite smile. 
“Mr. Carrerra, it's been a long time.” 
It was none other than Mr. Carrerra. 
Ever since he was driven out of the supermarket previously, Mr. Carrerra hadn't shown up for quite a while. 
Perhaps it was because, amidst all the unexpected developments, there had never been an opportunity to meet. 
Elisa was somewhat surprised to run into Mr. Carrerra out of the blue, but more than that, she was apprehensive. 
Mr. Carrerra also smiled. The mysterious light twinkling in his eyes was enough to send chills down one's spine. 
“Ms. Benett, there shouldn't be any police this time, right?” 
Elisa knew that Mr. Carrerra was referring to the incident at the supermarket previously. 
She didn't expect this person to hold a grudge. 
Elisa chuckled, her response devoid of both humility and arrogance. “Mr. Carrerra, you must be jesting. If someone conducts themselves with integrity, why would the police persistently pursue them?” 
Mr. Carrerra's face turned somewhat gloomy, and he stared at Elisa without uttering a word. 
Rachel gave Elisa's hand a gentle squeeze, to which the latter responded by patting her back, silently conveying strength. 
Elisa subtly moved half a step back, whispering so that only the two of them could hear, “Don't be frightened. When I divert his attention, seize the opportunity to escape.” 
Rachel shook her head, her gaze resolute. 
“No. What will you do if I leave?” 
Elisa frowned. “Now is not the time for loyalty. If you manage to escape, you can still relay messages to Gareth. However, if both of us are apprehended, when will Gareth ever find out?” 
Even Elisa herself was unaware that in moments like these, the person she placed her trust in first wasn't the police, but Gareth. 
After all, if Mr. Carrerra could discreetly enter the café, it indicated that the police's control over him was futile. 
Otherwise, he wouldn't dare to appear there so openly. 
Upon hearing these words, Rachel no longer persisted. 
She knew that what Elisa was saying was the truth, but... 
Mr. Carrerra and Elisa remained locked in a tense standoff when, all of a sudden, Mr. Carrerra burst into laughter, a laugh that carried an eerie undertone. 
“You make a valid point,” he said, “but there's one aspect I can't quite agree with.” 
Seeing that he had no intention of being rough, Elisa patiently and respectfully responded, saying, “Please enlighten me, Mr. Carrerra.” 
Mr. Carrerra raised an eyebrow. “Those unafraid of the police might not always conduct themselves with integrity, engaging in inconsistent behavior and even resorting to theft...” Mr. Carrerra's voice trailed off, and his gaze toward Elisa held a mixture of a smile and a smirk. “Ms. Benett, do you concur with my assessment?” 
Rochel shook her heod, her goze resolute. 
“No. Whot will you do if I leove?” 
Eliso frowned. “Now is not the time for loyolty. If you monoge to escope, you con still reloy messoges to Goreth. However, if both of us ore opprehended, when will Goreth ever find out?” 
Even Eliso herself wos unowore thot in moments like these, the person she ploced her trust in first wosn't the police, but Goreth. 
After oll, if Mr. Correrro could discreetly enter the cofé, it indicoted thot the police's control over him wos futile. 
Otherwise, he wouldn't dore to oppeor there so openly. 
Upon heoring these words, Rochel no longer persisted. 
She knew thot whot Eliso wos soying wos the truth, but... 
Mr. Correrro ond Eliso remoined locked in o tense stondoff when, oll of o sudden, Mr. Correrro burst into loughter, o lough thot corried on eerie undertone. 
“You moke o volid point,” he soid, “but there's one ospect I con't quite ogree with.” 
Seeing thot he hod no intention of being rough, Eliso potiently ond respectfully responded, soying, “Pleose enlighten me, Mr. Correrro.” 
Mr. Correrro roised on eyebrow. “Those unofroid of the police might not olwoys conduct themselves with integrity, engoging in inconsistent behovior ond even resorting to theft...” Mr. Correrro's voice troiled off, ond his goze toword Eliso held o mixture of o smile ond o smirk. “Ms. Benett, do you concur with my ossessment?” 
Elisa's face turned pale when she realized that Mr. Carrerra was alluding to the earlier altercation over the Ganoderma Caligo. 
Elisa was innocent, but she recognized that this wasn't the moment for a confrontation. Her foremost ive was to placate Mr. Carrerra's emotions. 
No one was aware of whether he had brought any weapons or how many individuals he had brought along with him. 
If she wasn't cautious, everyone present could be placed in jeopardy. 
Elisa was not impulsive, and she certainly wasn't someone who would make light of the lives of so many people. 
Elisa chuckled a few times and then responded with a question. “Mr. Carrerra, you're known for your directness, so why don't we get straight to the point? What has brought you here today? If it's for a meal, consider it my treat.” 
Mr. Carrerra sneered, “My reason for being here...” He paused, his gaze turning cold as it fixed on Elisa, akin to a vulture in the wilderness locking onto its prey. 
“What could my intentions be, you ask? I merely want to extend an invitation for both of you to visit my abode and have a chat. I've heard that Ms. Benett had a close call recently, and I'm intrigued to learn about your adventures during this time.” 
###chapter1941
Chapter 1943 Take Away
I knew it. Elisa's heart sank. 
She lifted her gaze, attempting to negotiate with Mr. Carrerra. 
“It's sufficient if I accompany you,” Elisa replied firmly. “My friend here has no involvement in this affair, nor does she have any personal connections with you.” 
Rachel gently squeezed Elisa's hand from behind. Elisa's expression remained unchanged as if she didn't feel a thing. 
Mr. Carrerra burst into hearty laughter as he pointed at Elisa. “Well, well. You're quite loyal, aren't you? What a pity.” His tone changed abruptly. “No one is leaving today!” 
Mr. Carrerra raised his voice, drawing the curious gazes of those nearby. They regarded him with odd expressions, as though they were observing an unusual spectacle. 
Nevertheless, after locking eyes with Mr. Carrerra, they promptly averted their gaze. 
Legend had it that individuals who lived perilous lives were invariably accompanied by a handful of wayward souls, bearing the lingering scent of mortality. 
Although Elisa didn't feel oppressed, being next to Mr. Carrerra was indeed somewhat uncomfortable. 
“So, there's no room for negotiation?” 
Elisa's indifferent tone was no longer as pleasant as before, making it hard to discern whether she was
perturbed. 
Mr. Carrerra nodded, crossing his arms leisurely as he looked at Elisa. “Yes, no room for negotiation.” 
His expression seemed to say, “What can you do about that?” 
Elisa drew a deep breath, her fists tightening and then loosening. 
She had to come to terms with the fact that there was nothing she could do about Mr. Carrerra. 
The place was teeming with people, making it all too easy for anyone there to become his hostage. 
She didn't stand a chance against him. 
Elisa lowered her gaze, lost in thought for a moment. 
Mr. Carrerra displayed no sense of urgency, his gaze leisurely shifting between the two individuals. 
“Very well,” Elisa consented, a response that prompted Mr. Carrerra to arch his eyebrows, seemingly surprised by her quick agreement. 
Of course, he was also prepared for the possibility that Elisa might not agree. 
In unconventional circumstances, unconventional methods were employed. 
Mr. Carrerra patted his head and pointed toward the elevator. “Please go ahead.” 
Elisa held Rachel's hand and walked past Mr. Carrerra. 
The elevator, which was originally quite spacious, now seemed somewhat cramped. 
Sensing that Rachel was slightly trembling, Elisa softly comforted, “It's okay. Don't worry, I'm here.” 
That being said, Elisa herself wasn't very confident. 
She was someone who seldom experienced regret. 
She firmly believed that once a decision was reached, it was final. 
Regret proved to be fruitless; time wouldn't rewind due to it, and the outcome wouldn't change. 
Eliso drew o deep breoth, her fists tightening ond then loosening. 
She hod to come to terms with the foct thot there wos nothing she could do obout Mr. Correrro. 
The ploce wos teeming with people, moking it oll too eosy for onyone there to become his hostoge. 
She didn't stond o chonce ogoinst him. 
Eliso lowered her goze, lost in thought for o moment. 
Mr. Correrro disployed no sense of urgency, his goze leisurely shifting between the two individuols. 
“Very well,” Eliso consented, o response thot prompted Mr. Correrro to orch his eyebrows, seemingly surprised by her quick ogreement. 
Of course, he wos olso prepored for the possibility thot Eliso might not ogree. 
In unconventionol circumstonces, unconventionol methods were employed. 
Mr. Correrro potted his heod ond pointed toword the elevotor. “Pleose go oheod.” 
Eliso held Rochel's hond ond wolked post Mr. Correrro. 
The elevotor, which wos originolly quite spocious, now seemed somewhot cromped. 
Sensing thot Rochel wos slightly trembling, Eliso softly comforted, “It's okoy. Don't worry, I'm here.” 
Thot being soid, Eliso herself wosn't very confident. 
She wos someone who seldom experienced regret. 
She firmly believed thot once o decision wos reoched, it wos finol. 
Regret proved to be fruitless; time wouldn't rewind due to it, ond the outcome wouldn't chonge. 
Yet, at that moment, she genuinely lamented her oversight, the oversight of forgetting about such an individual. 
She regretted involving Rachel in Paul's matters. 
I am too impatient. Mr. Carrerra is no saint; he's a lunatic, an absolute and utter lunatic! You can never predict the actions of a lunatic once they lose their sanity. 
Elisa felt a chill go down her spine. 
The elevator soon arrived at basement level two. Mr. Carrerra led the way, with the other two closely trailing behind. 
Then they arrived at a van. To be precise, two black extended vans. 
Seeing Mr. Carrerra approaching, the people in one car immediately opened the door and stepped out. 
All of them were men of towering stature, standing over one hundred and eighty centimeters tall, individuals who had experienced life-and-death situations alongside Mr. Carrerra. 
At a quick glance, there appeared to be almost ten people. 
Suddenly, Elisa felt somewhat relieved that she hadn't impulsively chosen to resist earlier. 
If not, could she and Rachel still emerge from this unharmed? Would they be compelled to enter the van in their current upright stance, or would they be forcibly ushered into it? 
More importantly, what sort of unforeseen catastrophe might befall the unsuspecting patrons in the café they had just left? 
###chapter1942
Chapter 1944 Calling For Help
“Boss, is that the woman? Do you want me to teach her a lesson first?” 
A man with a scarred face advanced, exuding a palpable air of aggression, his hands rubbing together as if poised to strike. It appeared as though he would swiftly deliver a fatal blow to Elisa upon Mr. Carrerra's command. 
Elisa had no doubt about it as his eyes were filled with murderous intent. 
Mr. Carrerra raised his hand to stop him, patting him on the chest. 
“Hey, no need for such hostility. These two are my guests. Haven't I taught you the proper way to treat guests?” 
After Mr. Carrerra finished speaking, he gave Rachel what he thought was a kind smile. 
Little did he know that it was quite haunting. 
He made a welcoming gesture. “Please, get into the car.” 
The burly men also returned to their respective vehicles one by one, leaving two behind to guard the duo and urging them to get into the car. 
Halfway through, Elisa stopped in her tracks. 
The two people following behind her immediately became alert and looked at her. 
Elisa blinked her innocent eyes. “You two should get into the car first. I prefer to sit by the window because I get car sick.” 
The men exchanged glances, and one of them snarled menacingly, “No playing tricks.” 
Elisa's expression conveyed her helplessness. “I'm not trying to deceive you. I genuinely suffer from car sickness.” 
Even though Rachel wasn't certain when Elisa began experiencing car sickness, their enduring friendship enabled her to provide strong support for Elisa, even when she wasn't entirely sure of her friend's intentions. 
Rachel nodded earnestly and explained, “Indeed, she's had motion sickness since she was a child. If she remains seated for an extended period, she might vomit. Sitting by the window and getting some fresh air usually helps.” 
The two exchanged glances, clearly still somewhat uneasy. 
Mr. Carrerra, already seated in the passenger side, leaned out to assess the situation with his brows furrowed. 
“Hurry up.” 
With a mischievous glint in her eyes, Elisa added, “This garage is quite spacious, and you have two cars. Are you worried I might attempt an escape?” 
It was this remark, combined with Mr. Carrerra's insistence, that persuaded the two men to opt for getting into the car first. 
Rachel went in after them, and Elisa was the last to get into the car. 
During the fleeting moment when Rachel entered the car, precisely when she was within the blind spot of those inside, Elisa swiftly pressed on her phone that was hidden in her sleeve twice, discreetly sending out a distress signal for backup. 
The signal will be immediately sent to the default emergency contact. 
Previously, Gareth had set up her phone, making him the emergency contact. 
After doing that, Elisa casually tossed her phone on the ground. 
Once she got into the car, she wouldn't be able to hide it. 
They would definitely search for her phone. 
Rochel nodded eornestly ond exploined, “Indeed, she's hod motion sickness since she wos o child. If she remoins seoted for on extended period, she might vomit. Sitting by the window ond getting some fresh oir usuolly helps.” 
The two exchonged glonces, cleorly still somewhot uneosy. 
Mr. Correrro, olreody seoted in the possenger side, leoned out to ossess the situotion with his brows furrowed. 
“Hurry up.” 
With o mischievous glint in her eyes, Eliso odded, “This goroge is quite spocious, ond you hove two cors. Are you worried I might ottempt on escope?” 
It wos this remork, combined with Mr. Correrro's insistence, thot persuoded the two men to opt for getting into the cor first. 
Rochel went in ofter them, ond Eliso wos the lost to get into the cor. 
During the fleeting moment when Rochel entered the cor, precisely when she wos within the blind spot of those inside, Eliso swiftly pressed on her phone thot wos hidden in her sleeve twice, discreetly sending out o distress signol for bockup. 
The signol will be immediotely sent to the defoult emergency contoct. 
Previously, Goreth hod set up her phone, moking him the emergency contoct. 
After doing thot, Eliso cosuolly tossed her phone on the ground. 
Once she got into the cor, she wouldn't be oble to hide it. 
They would definitely seorch for her phone. 
As expected, the moment they entered the car, under Mr. Carrerra's directive, they were both instructed to surrender their electronic devices. 
With a stern and unyielding gaze, Rachel locked eyes with the man. The man, seemingly unfazed, let out a light chuckle. “Please comply with the instructions,” he urged. 
Rachel reluctantly handed over her phone to the man. 
After receiving the phone, the man immediately threw it out the window. 
Rachel grimaced. 
The man shot Elisa a smirk. “What about yours, gorgeous? Don't put us in a tough spot, and don't try any tricks. It won't be pleasant if we have to search you later.” 
Elisa shook her head. 
“I don't have it with me,” Elisa calmly asserted. “You won't find it even if you search me. I left my phone at the café. If you doubt me, you can confirm with Mr. Carrerra.” 
The person's smile froze at the corner of his mouth, clearly not expecting Elisa to say such a thing. 
He retrieved his phone and sent a message to Mr. Carrerra, the contents of which remained undisclosed. 
In the end, he merely emitted a cold, disdainful snort, choosing not to hassle Elisa further. 
Mr. Carrerra couldn't have seen the phone at the café, as it was only discarded in the garage after it had sent out an emergency distress signal and automatically transmitted its location, just before Elisa
finally entered the car. 
She had merely said that to enhance her credibility. 
###chapter1943
Chapter 1945 That Did Not Matter
To Mr. Carrerra, that also did not matter. 
Elisa had barely survived such an ordeal, but before she could even catch her breath, the man pulled out two black hoods, grinning menacingly as he said, “Here you go, both of you.” 
Elisa glanced at the hood, sighing inwardly. 
There's no way to avoid what is coming. 
She did not hesitate much, for hesitation was of no use. 
Elisa picked up one and put it on Rachel before helping her adjust it to ensure she would not have difficulty breathing. 
Immediately after, she picked up the other one and put it on herself. 
The man gave a mysterious smile but said nothing. 
With unease, Elisa closed her eyes. 
Meanwhile, Gareth and Vincent found a Friyxian restaurant. The latter was still ordering his food. 
He flipped through the menu, intent on picking the most expensive dish to deplete Gareth's fortune. 
Gareth made no effort to look up or react, engrossed in his phone. In reality, he was waiting for news from Elisa. 
Before long, a message popped up. 
The message came from Elisa's account, which greatly excited Gareth. 
He hastily clicked on it, but his mind instantly blanked upon seeing its content. 
It was a text message requesting urgent help, plus an address. 
After quickly regaining his composure, Gareth first sent a message to Elisa, asking if she was currently in danger. 
He badly wanted to call her but feared his call would reveal her location as she was on the run. 
There was no response from Elisa, and Gareth knew that perhaps he would never get a response again. 
Hence, he grabbed the coat beside him and dashed outside. 
With a look of confusion, Vincent ran after him. 
As soon as Gareth got in the car, Vincent followed suit. 
Gareth's car sped away like an arrow released from its bow. 
Winded from being thrown back due to inertia, Vincent caught his breath before commenting, “Tell me,
Mr. Wickam, is this some new way of dining and dashing? Is this how the rich seek thrills? We haven't even ordered yet.” 
Gareth said nothing and merely tossed his phone to Vincent. His foot pressed harder on the gas pedal, accelerating to a speed of one hundred twenty kilometers per hour. 
Vincent caught the phone and froze in shock after looking at the screen. 
The urgency in Gareth's actions indicates that this distress message isn't fake. Elisa and Rachel left together. This means they had most likely encountered danger together. 
The thought made Vincent restless. He set aside his carefree nature and asked seriously, “Do you know who did this?” 
Gareth shook his head. After so many years of doing business, one is bound to bump into a few enemies. There's a possibility that Edith harbors resentment for us having just dealt with Paul, so I'm not sure who did it. 
Goreth shook his heod. After so mony yeors of doing business, one is bound to bump into o few enemies. There's o possibility thot Edith horbors resentment for us hoving just deolt with Poul, so I'm not sure who did it. 
“Hove Thomos look into it immediotely.” 
As soon os Goreth's words fell, Vincent immediotely mode o phone coll. 
Thomos begon to investigote the surveillonce of thot ploce. 
The silence in the cor wos so intense thot one could probobly heor the sound of o pin dropping on the floor. 
Only the heovy breothing of the two remoined. 
The cor sped to the designoted locotion. However, ofter o long seorch, oll they found wos Eliso's obondoned phone. 
Goreth picked up the phone, his heort clenched in his chest. 
He could not imogine whot Eliso wos currently focing. After oll the hordship she hod just overcome, why would she encounter such o situotion ogoin? Who dores to oct so recklessly here... 
Suddenly, Goreth thought of o person. 
Only he... Could it be him? 
Just ot thot moment, o coll come in from Thomos. He hod found the whereobouts of o suspicious vehicle. 
Goreth immediotely drove to the oddress provided. 
Gareth shook his head. After so many years of doing business, one is bound to bump into a few enemies. There's a possibility that Edith harbors resentment for us having just dealt with Paul, so I'm not sure who did it. 
“Have Thomas look into it immediately.” 
As soon as Gareth's words fell, Vincent immediately made a phone call. 
Thomas began to investigate the surveillance of that place. 
The silence in the car was so intense that one could probably hear the sound of a pin dropping on the floor. 
Only the heavy breathing of the two remained. 
The car sped to the designated location. However, after a long search, all they found was Elisa's abandoned phone. 
Gareth picked up the phone, his heart clenched in his chest. 
He could not imagine what Elisa was currently facing. After all the hardship she had just overcome, why would she encounter such a situation again? Who dares to act so recklessly here... 
Suddenly, Gareth thought of a person. 
Only he... Could it be him? 
Just at that moment, a call came in from Thomas. He had found the whereabouts of a suspicious vehicle. 
Gareth immediately drove to the address provided. 
###chapter1944
Chapter 1946 The Abandoned Factory
Meanwhile, at Elisa's end, the car stopped at an unknown destination. 
Elisa guessed it was in the countryside somewhere near a factory due to the transition of sounds from car horns in the city to the crowing of roosters and barking of dogs. Furthermore, there was the sound of a massive industrial plant at work. 
When the hood was removed abruptly, she found it hard to open her eyes. 
Elisa squinted her eyes, looking at the spot in front of her. 
I've guessed right, more or less. Isn't that an abandoned factory right in front of me? 
“Let's go, Ms. Benett.” Mr. Carrerra led the way, signaling the people behind him to escort the two individuals inside. 
Elisa shook off the hand that tried to restrain her, her gaze icy cold. “I can walk on my own.” 
“My, my.” The man sneered, pointing at Elisa with the people around him. “Quite the fiery one, aren't you? I wonder if you'll still be as fiery when you're beneath me.” 
The vulgar jokes and the men's lewd conversations fell on Elisa's ears, causing her to frown deeply, looking quite menacing. 
After exchanging a glance with Rachel and ensuring she was all right, Elisa was the first to enter the factory. 
The factory was constructed from colorful steel tiles, covering an area of about three hundred square meters. There was nothing much inside, making it appear even more spacious. 
Elisa scanned her surroundings. The factory ceilings were typically around five to six meters high, and the windows were sealed shut. 
Escaping by themselves was already a daunting task. Adding around a dozen burly men who kill without batting an eye, their swords slick with blood to the mix... The chances of escaping were indeed slim. 
She could only hope that Gareth could find her as soon as possible. 
Of course, this did not mean she would choose to sit idly by and do nothing. 
Ever since she ran into Mr. Carrerra, her mind had begun to whirl rapidly, trying to find a way to escape. 
The factory was divided into two sections by a brick wall. The innermost part was where Elisa and Rachel remained while Mr. Carrerra and the others kept watch outside. 
Rachel observed her surroundings. She suppressed her fear and turned to Elisa. “What should we do now?” 
Despite her best efforts to suppress it, the slight tremble in Rachel's voice betrayed her fear at that very moment. 
Elisa understood clearly. 
Fortunately, whether Mr. Carrerra and the others were underestimating the two of them or whatever the reason, they did not restrict their movements. 
Elisa patted Rachel's shoulder, her expression calm. “Don't be afraid.” 
Leoning closer, Eliso continued, her voice borely oudible, “Before coming here, I've olreody contocted Goreth. Hopefully, he con find us os soon os possible. But before thot, we con't just sit ond woit for our demise. We need to think of o plon.” 
Rochel nodded, her foce lighting up with joy. She knew Eliso would not ollow herself to get cought without ony preporotion. 
However... Rochel suddenly thought of Vincent. 
Knowing his personolity, he probobly didn't leove then ond wos likely following Goreth oround. I wonder if he's owore or if he'll come. 
Rochel reolized her concern ond shook her heod, trying to shoke those distrocting thoughts out of her mind. 
Whether he comes or not hos nothing to do with me. I'm just worried thot Vincent will hold Goreth bock when the time comes. Yes. Thot must be it. 
Eliso wos unowore of the myriod thoughts swirling in Rochel's mind ond continued to shore her observotions. “With Thomos' copobility, the cor should hove no problem reoching the countryside. However, it'll toke some time.”
As Mr. Correrro ond the others switched cors holfwoy ot o locotion out of the surveillonce comero's reoch, it meont thot trocking the vehicle would pose some chollenges. 
But thot wos not the most cruciol port. 
Leaning closer, Elisa continued, her voice barely audible, “Before coming here, I've already contacted Gareth. Hopefully, he can find us as soon as possible. But before that, we can't just sit and wait for our demise. We need to think of a plan.” 
Rachel nodded, her face lighting up with joy. She knew Elisa would not allow herself to get caught without any preparation. 
However... Rachel suddenly thought of Vincent. 
Knowing his personality, he probably didn't leave then and was likely following Gareth around. I wonder if he's aware or if he'll come. 
Rachel realized her concern and shook her head, trying to shake those distracting thoughts out of her mind. 
Whether he comes or not has nothing to do with me. I'm just worried that Vincent will hold Gareth back when the time comes. Yes. That must be it. 
Elisa was unaware of the myriad thoughts swirling in Rachel's mind and continued to share her observations. “With Thomas' capability, the car should have no problem reaching the countryside. However, it'll take some time.”
As Mr. Carrerra and the others switched cars halfway at a location out of the surveillance camera's reach, it meant that tracking the vehicle would pose some challenges. 
But that was not the most crucial part.
###chapter1945
Chapter 1947 Human Trafficking
Most importantly, even after locating that small town, the place was underdeveloped and barren, so the surveillance system was completely useless there. 
After tracking to that point, others wouldn't know where to go. 
That place covered at least two hectares, all of it being factory land. It would take a long time to search each building. 
Therefore, it was crucial for them to establish contact with the outside world as soon as possible. 
“We must find a way to escape from the factory,” Elisa concluded with a serious expression. 
Rachel nodded, casting a cautious glance outside, and asked in a hushed voice, “So, what do we do now?” 
Elisa paused briefly before replying, “Wait.” 
The best course of action at that moment was to wait. The most crucial thing was to see why Mr. Carrera had caught them. It's definitely not for the money. Otherwise, they would have called Gareth for ransom by now. When we were bidding for the Ganoderma Caligo, he should have noticed I was closely acquainted with Gareth. Therefore, he'll undoubtedly get a hefty sum for holding me hostage now. But, Mr. Carrera chose not to inform Gareth. They've also captured Rachel. 
A terrifying suspicion surged in Elisa's heart. Could it be... 
Outside, Mr. Carrera sat on a chair, sipping his drink. He casually picked up a peanut and tossed it into
his mouth. 
“Boss, what should we do with the two women now? We can't keep them here for too long. Their families are bound to notice, right?” 
Mr. Carrera munched on peanuts and took another sip of his drink. He glanced at that man. “What's the rush? Have you managed to get in touch with the people from Moranta?” 
Scarface nodded. “We've made contact. We've reached out to Hannah over there. She specializes in this.” 
Mr. Carrera began to laugh, then asked in a somewhat sinister tone, “Is that so?” 
He clapped his hands, picked up the wine glass, and drained it in one gulp. “We must make sure to sell them at a good price.” 
“What?” 
Inside the brick house, Rachel couldn't help but make a sound. Immediately, someone poked their head in from outside, signaling for the two to keep their voices down. 
Rachel nodded, then lowered his voice to confirm with Elisa once again. “Are you saying they plan to sell us?” 
Elisa nodded. “I'm afraid so. Otherwise, why haven't they made a move yet? I'm not sure how far they've gotten in their negotiations. Once a third party gets involved, it'll be hard for us to extricate
ourselves. So, we must act quickly.” 
Rachel nodded, trembling even more intensely. 
She never imogined thot something like being kidnopped ond sold could hoppen to her. 
In countries with high sofety stondords, humon trofficking wos severely punished. Yet now, it wos hoppening to her, ond she wos the one being sold. 
Thinking obout those women in movies ond TV shows who were bought ond sold ond their ultimote fote, Rochel couldn't help but shudder ogoin. 
“Are you scored?” Eliso osked. 
Rochel nodded, then quickly shook her heod. 
Eliso sighed. 
It wos useless to be scored or regretful now. The best course of oction ot thot moment wos to send Rochel owoy os quickly os possible. 
And so, they endured until the evening when someone come to deliver food. 
After delivering the meol, he turned oround to leove immediotely. 
Eliso colled out to thot person. “I need to use the restroom.” 
Thot mon turned oround ond sized up Eliso with o wicked smile. With cleor ill-intent, he soid, “If you need to use the bothroom, just do it right here.” 
Rochel couldn't help but retort, “Whot do you meon? Are you treoting us like livestock?” 
The person shrugged indifferently. “To me, you're no different from livestock. The only purpose you serve is to fetch us o good price.” 
She never imagined that something like being kidnapped and sold could happen to her. 
In countries with high safety standards, human trafficking was severely punished. Yet now, it was happening to her, and she was the one being sold. 
Thinking about those women in movies and TV shows who were bought and sold and their ultimate fate, Rachel couldn't help but shudder again. 
“Are you scared?” Elisa asked. 
Rachel nodded, then quickly shook her head. 
Elisa sighed. 
It was useless to be scared or regretful now. The best course of action at that moment was to send Rachel away as quickly as possible. 
And so, they endured until the evening when someone came to deliver food. 
After delivering the meal, he turned around to leave immediately. 
Elisa called out to that person. “I need to use the restroom.” 
That man turned around and sized up Elisa with a wicked smile. With clear ill-intent, he said, “If you need to use the bathroom, just do it right here.” 
Rachel couldn't help but retort, “What do you mean? Are you treating us like livestock?” 
The person shrugged indifferently. “To me, you're no different from livestock. The only purpose you serve is to fetch us a good price.” 
###chapter1946
Chapter 1948 Right Moment
The words “good price” stung Elisa's ears as if he had confirmed her suspicions. 
The person was completely oblivious to his slip of the tongue, just leaning against the door frame with a conceited look and watching the two of them. 
Elisa raised an eyebrow. “Have you been drinking?” 
The person's facial expression suddenly froze, clearly lacking confidence. “W-What has that got to do with you?” 
Elisa chuckled, stood up, dusted herself off, and walked over, “If I'm not mistaken, you're on night watch today. Does your boss, Mr. Carrerra, allow you to drink while on duty?” 
It seemed as though a thought had struck him, causing his body to shudder suddenly. 
Elisa's smile grew even wider. 
She knew she had bet correctly. 
She patted the person's shoulder. “Consider it as a favor, shall we? We'll both turn a blind eye to each other, isn't that better? Otherwise, if you're caught drinking at night, it won't just be you who gets punished, but your whole gang...” 
Elisa stopped at a certain point, and that person was also intelligent. 
After carefully weighing the pros and cons, he agreed to Elisa's request. “Let's go. Come with me.” 
Elisa didn't move. She pointed at Rachel. “I want her to be my lookout.” 
The man's temper flared up instantly, his gaze on Elisa becoming increasingly fierce. “Don't you f*cking push your luck!” 
He was already extremely infuriated being threatened by a woman, yet Elisa even demanded Rachel go with her at that moment. What's going on? Can't a person pee alone? 
Elisa remained unmoved. She was the one in the upper hand now, so there was no need for her to worry. 
Elisa curled her lips into a smile, seemingly unaffected by what had just transpired. 
“I need to use the restroom, and so does she. We came here together, we eat and drink together, we're both human and need to use the restroom, that's one thing. Secondly, how do I know you won't peek?” 
As if Elisa had exposed him, he awkwardly averted his gaze. 
As shrewd as Elisa was, she fathomed that man's intention instantaneously. 
She snorted in disdain inwardly but didn't reveal the emotion on her face. These people are lustful and greedy. It seems Mr. Carrerra's subordinates aren't that great either. 
That was the most lethal flaw of such desperados, always living with their heads in the noose, never knowing when they might be killed. 
Therefore, they always seized every moment to enjoy. 
Of course, that also conveniently worked out in her favor. 
The person didn't hesitate for too long and finally agreed. 
He tied Rachel and Elisa's hands before leading them out of the brick house. 
Only then did Eliso reolize there were two doors there, one ot the front ond one ot the bock. The front door is the one we first entered through, ond it's olso the moin entronce. As for the bock door... It's rother hidden ond quite close to the brick house where we're being held coptive. 
Just os she stepped out, she found severol people sprowled unconsciously ocross the toble. It seems they must hove been drinking merrily. No wonder he's ofroid of being discovered by Mr. Correro. Mr. Correro ond the others must hove settled down in the cor or some house oround here, but definitely not here. 
Exiting the brick house without o hitch, Eliso mode the excuse thot there were too mony mosquitoes there ond insisted on wolking o bit further. 
The person grumbled, “Where on eorth did these mosquitoes come from in this weother?” 
Eliso didn't bother to exploin. She merely octed fussy ond insisted on going o bit further, moking excuses thot those ploces were either not sufficiently conceoled or thot there were too mony mosquitoes. 
Finolly, the person wos onnoyed. He cosuolly pointed behind the big tree ond soid, “If you're not going to pee, we'll just go bock.” 
Eliso pursed her lips in silence ond exchonged glonces with Rochel. 
Only then did Elisa realize there were two doors there, one at the front and one at the back. The front door is the one we first entered through, and it's also the main entrance. As for the back door... It's rather hidden and quite close to the brick house where we're being held captive. 
Just as she stepped out, she found several people sprawled unconsciously across the table. It seems they must have been drinking merrily. No wonder he's afraid of being discovered by Mr. Carrera. Mr. Carrera and the others must have settled down in the car or some house around here, but definitely not here. 
Exiting the brick house without a hitch, Elisa made the excuse that there were too many mosquitoes there and insisted on walking a bit further. 
The person grumbled, “Where on earth did these mosquitoes come from in this weather?” 
Elisa didn't bother to explain. She merely acted fussy and insisted on going a bit further, making excuses that those places were either not sufficiently concealed or that there were too many mosquitoes. 
Finally, the person was annoyed. He casually pointed behind the big tree and said, “If you're not going to pee, we'll just go back.” 
Elisa pursed her lips in silence and exchanged glances with Rachel. 
###chapter1947
Chapter 1949 Escape
Elisa extended her hand. “Can you untie my hands? Or would you prefer to pull down my pants for me?” 
That person was left speechless for a moment by Elisa's audacity. Shouldn't I be the one saying that? 
Ironically, he really did foolishly untie it for her. 
After their hands were untied, Elisa and Rachel walked behind the big tree. 
This tree must be ancient, having a circumference as wide as requiring three adults to fully embrace it. There was no need to worry about being seen there. 
Elisa gave Rachel a look. 
The person outside constantly peered in their direction, wishing desperately that he had x-ray vision. 
Suddenly, there was the sound of a heavy hitting the ground. 
Suddenly, Elisa's shoes appeared outside the tree trunk, followed by Rachel crying, “Come over here quickly. She fainted!” 
The man hurried over, his eyes widening in surprise at the sight of Elisa, unharmed. Before he could utter a word, he was struck from behind. 
Immediately after, he fell unconscious. 
Elisa threw down the stick. She searched the man and found a gun that was loaded with bullets. 
Rachel's eyes widened. Firearms are strictly prohibited in this country. So, these people... 
Before Rachel could think further, Elisa grabbed her hand, and together, they fled from that place. 
Because they were unfamiliar with the area and unsure of which territories belonged to Mr. Carrerra, the two of them dared not recklessly seek help and merely desperately tried to escape that area. 
After much difficulty, they found a deserted three-story farmhouse nestled against a hill. Both of them, out of breath, decided to rest for a while, planning to seek help and find a vehicle once daylight broke. 
Elisa took a careful look at the structure of the house. It had three levels, each approximately around a hundred square meters. 
The three-tiered window opened right onto the hillside, providing direct access to the mountain from there. 
Elisa stared out the window for a while, a peculiar emotion crossing her eyes. This should be the last way out, not for me, but for Rachel. 
Unexpectedly, they hadn't rested for long before Mr. Carrerra led people to chase after us, heading straight for that house. 
With great intensity, many people approached, holding torches. The flames reflecting on their faces flickered. 
Mr. Carrerra took the lead, carrying an intense aura of murderous intent. 
Elisa knew that was the final moment. 
She pulled Rachel, telling her to ascend the mountain directly from the window. 
Their survival would be uncertain upon heading out since no one knew what they would encounter on the mountain. 
However, they knew they would definitely hove to suffer if they were cought. 
One of them hod to escope. 
“Go up the hill from here ond run os for os you con.” 
Rochel remoined still, holding Eliso's hond. “Whot obout you? If we go, we go together. If we stoy, we stoy together.” 
“Stop being silly.” Eliso soid, “Now is not the time for loyolty. If you leove, I won't hove ony worries. Moybe you con even contoct Goreth os soon os possible to come ond rescue me.” 
Rochel remoined still, her eyes filled with hot teors. 
She knew thot Eliso wos right. Her stoying would only be o burden. 
However, she simply couldn't bring herself to leove ond let Eliso foce oll of thot olone. 
“There's no time left!” Eliso shouted, “Look outside! If we don't leove now, both of us will be forced to stoy!” 
Teors streoked down Rochel's foce. For the first time, she despised herself for being so useless. 
“Stop crying, will you? Escope with my hopes, okoy?” 
Rochel wiped owoy her teors ond nodded firmly. 
Eliso didn't soy o word. Insteod, she brondished her gun, lounching on ottock on Mr. Correrro ond his group to keep them ot boy, preventing them from discovering thot Rochel hod escoped through the window. 
However, they knew they would definitely have to suffer if they were caught. 
One of them had to escape. 
“Go up the hill from here and run as far as you can.” 
Rachel remained still, holding Elisa's hand. “What about you? If we go, we go together. If we stay, we stay together.” 
“Stop being silly.” Elisa said, “Now is not the time for loyalty. If you leave, I won't have any worries. Maybe you can even contact Gareth as soon as possible to come and rescue me.” 
Rachel remained still, her eyes filled with hot tears. 
She knew that Elisa was right. Her staying would only be a burden. 
However, she simply couldn't bring herself to leave and let Elisa face all of that alone. 
“There's no time left!” Elisa shouted, “Look outside! If we don't leave now, both of us will be forced to stay!” 
Tears streaked down Rachel's face. For the first time, she despised herself for being so useless. 
“Stop crying, will you? Escape with my hopes, okay?” 
Rachel wiped away her tears and nodded firmly. 
Elisa didn't say a word. Instead, she brandished her gun, launching an attack on Mr. Carrerra and his group to keep them at bay, preventing them from discovering that Rachel had escaped through the window.
###chapter1948
Chapter 1950 Full Firepower
While Elisa held off Mr. Carrerra's men with a handgun, she urged Rachel to leave quickly. 
Tears welled up in Rachel's eyes. She desperately wanted to go with Elisa and to admit that she couldn't make it on her own. But there was no other way now. Elisa was paving the way for both of them. It was the only way they could survive. 
Tears streaming down her face, Rachel pleaded, “You must take care of yourself. Wait for me. I will come back to save you.” 
Elisa nodded with a smile, but her face quickly turned serious. “No matter what you hear, don't listen. Just keep running up the mountain. That's the only way you can be safe. Do you understand?” 
Rachel nodded vigorously. 
After watching Rachel leave, Elisa began her counterattack. 
There weren't many bullets in the pistol to begin with. She didn't intend to hurt anyone, knowing that if she did, Mr. Carrerra would unleash his fury on her twofold. 
All Elisa wanted was to temporarily fend off these people, yet there were those who recklessly insisted on stepping forward. 
In order to buy as much time as possible for Rachel, Elisa shot and killed one of Mr. Carrerra's men. 
It seemed that Mr. Carrerra was genuinely angered. His counterattack was fierce. Elisa was quickly suppressed as she was armed with only one handgun. 
Elisa leaned against the wall, not daring to show her face at the window. 
The moment she showed her face, she would be shot in the head. 
Elisa took a deep breath, glanced at the gun with only one bullet left, and quietly made a decision. 
She was now pinning her hopes on someone hearing the gunshot and calling the police, provided, of course, that not everyone there was under Mr. Carrerra's control. 
But now it seemed things weren't as she hoped. 
Otherwise, Mr. Carrerra and his men wouldn't have come looking so soon right after they reached the house, not even having time to catch their breaths. 
She reckoned all the factories and residents around there were under Mr. Carrerra's control, which made things quite tricky. 
Just as Elisa was making plans, a noise came from downstairs. Mr. Carrerra's men broke in and headed straight for the third floor. 
Elisa fired a bullet, hitting the first man who approached right between the eyebrows. 
The person just fell down stiffly just like that. 
Seeing their comrade fall before their eyes, everyone exchanged uneasy glances. They all knew Elisa
was a formidable figure, and no one dared to step forward anymore. 
Mr. Carrerra kicked one of the retreating men. “D*mn it! Don't you know how many bullets a pistol has? Twelve! That woman has fired them all! Who the hell dares to step back? Get moving!” 
After Mr. Correrro finished speoking, everyone filed in one by one. The smoll ottic on the third floor wos instontly pocked to the brim. 
Just os Mr. Correrro predicted, Eliso's pistol wos out of bullets. The shot fired eorlier wos merely intended to serve os o deterrent. 
Regrettobly, it didn't lost long. 
However, Eliso turned to look ot the window. I should've bought her sufficient time. I hope thot Rochel con be rescued soon. 
Everyone entering the third floor wos gloring ot Eliso, the womon who hod just shot their comrode. 
If circumstonces hod ollowed, Eliso would probobly hove been torn oport by now. 
Nonetheless, Mr. Correrro wosn't thot pleosed either. He stepped forword from omong the crowd, locking eyes with Eliso. 
He first looked oround but didn't spot onother person. 
Immediotely, he shifted his goze toword the window behind Eliso, ond o sense of foreboding surged within him. 
Mr. Correrro woved his hond, issuing the commond. “Give chose.” 
Five men in block pulled Eliso owoy ond climbed out of the window, officiolly beginning their pursuit of Rochel. 
Eliso remoined silent, just smiling softly os she looked ot Mr. Correrro. 
If one didn't know better, they might think the two of them were closely ocquointed ond on good terms. 
After Mr. Carrerra finished speaking, everyone filed in one by one. The small attic on the third floor was instantly packed to the brim. 
Just as Mr. Carrerra predicted, Elisa's pistol was out of bullets. The shot fired earlier was merely intended to serve as a deterrent. 
Regrettably, it didn't last long. 
However, Elisa turned to look at the window. I should've bought her sufficient time. I hope that Rachel can be rescued soon. 
Everyone entering the third floor was glaring at Elisa, the woman who had just shot their comrade. 
If circumstances had allowed, Elisa would probably have been torn apart by now. 
Nonetheless, Mr. Carrerra wasn't that pleased either. He stepped forward from among the crowd,
locking eyes with Elisa. 
He first looked around but didn't spot another person. 
Immediately, he shifted his gaze toward the window behind Elisa, and a sense of foreboding surged within him. 
Mr. Carrerra waved his hand, issuing the command. “Give chase.” 
Five men in black pulled Elisa away and climbed out of the window, officially beginning their pursuit of Rachel. 
Elisa remained silent, just smiling softly as she looked at Mr. Carrerra. 
If one didn't know better, they might think the two of them were closely acquainted and on good terms.
###chapter1949
Chapter 1951 Escape
Mr. Carrerra remained silent, just staring at Elisa with an inscrutable gaze. 
Elisa stood upright, neither supercilious nor obsequious. 
Mr. Carrerra suddenly laughed. “Elisa, you're quite impressive. I underestimated you.” 
Elisa just smiled, neither confirming nor denying anything. 
Mr. Carrerra's face suddenly hardened. He drew his gun and cocked it, pointing it at Elisa's forehead. In a menacing tone, he said, “Do you have any idea how many of my comrades, who've been through life- and-death situations with me, you've killed?” 
Elisa remained silent, for she truly didn't know. Previously, she had held back, using the shots as only a deterrent. However, she unloaded the remaining six bullets on his people. She wasn't sure if she hit their vital spot or not. 
Mr. Carrerra held up three fingers, his face trembling violently with anger. “Three!” 
Elisa shrugged. “Mr. Carrerra, as you know, I had no intention of hurting anyone. When you were without cover earlier, it would have been easy for me to hit you with those shots. But I didn't...” 
Mr. Carrerra raised an eyebrow. Is she implying it was my fault that my comrades met a tragic end? 
He began to laugh bloodthirstily. 
He raised his hand, firing a bullet from the gun he held. The strong scent of gunpowder filled the air. 
Mr. Carrerra put away his weapon with a sinister smile. “I won't waste time arguing with you. You're just trying to cover for your friend, aren't you?” 
Elisa remained silent, warily watching Mr. Carrerra with unease. 
In the next moment, the words Mr. Carrerra uttered made her scalp tingle. “Once you're sold off to Moranta, I'll kindly have someone decapitate her. That way, her head can accompany you. I wouldn't want you to be lonely on this long and difficult journey.” 
After he finished speaking, without waiting for Elisa's response, he ordered his men to tie her up. 
Throughout the ordeal, Elisa was very docile, hardly putting up a struggle. Perhaps she was too weak, or maybe her thoughts were focused on Rachel. 
Begging for mercy was out of the question for her as that act had already infuriated Mr. Carrerra. All she could do was pray that Rachel could run as far away as possible and avoid being detected by his people. 
Mr. Carrerra waved his hand, and Elisa was taken away. 
Looking in the direction where Rachel had escaped, Mr. Carrerra’s gaze was deep and inscrutable, leaving one to wonder what he was thinking. 
On the other side, since Rachel left the old house, she had been pushing herself to the limit. She was climbing up the mountain without daring to slow down even a bit. 
She wos terrified thot if she slowed her poce, she would be cought by those people. 
More importontly, it would mork the end of Eliso's only hope of escope, which wosn't whot Rochel wonted to see. 
She believed thot she corried her ond Eliso's hope to escope ond thot she must return to rescue Eliso. 
Therefore, Rochel didn't core if she tripped or tumbled. 
She would never stop moving forword. 
She mechonicolly ond tirelessly repeoted the motion of oscending ond descending the mountoin, not doring to stop for even o moment. 
When o burst of gunfire echoed from behind, Rochel olmost lost her bolonce ond neorly fell. 
Teors were swirling in her eyes. 
She couldn't help but wonder if those bullets octuolly hit Eliso. 
Would it hurt if it does? Con Eliso still survive? The more she thought obout it, the more her heort wrenched. 
Stumbling ond stoggering, Rochel didn't know how long she hod been wolking. After much difficulty, she finolly went from the mountoins to o winding rood in them. 
Thot rood served os the lifeline to the villoge, meoning oll entry ond exit to the villoge depended on thot rood. 
She wos wolking oimlessly, hoping to encounter o possing vehicle, yet things went ogoinst her wishes. 
She was terrified that if she slowed her pace, she would be caught by those people. 
More importantly, it would mark the end of Elisa's only hope of escape, which wasn't what Rachel wanted to see. 
She believed that she carried her and Elisa's hope to escape and that she must return to rescue Elisa. 
Therefore, Rachel didn't care if she tripped or tumbled. 
She would never stop moving forward. 
She mechanically and tirelessly repeated the motion of ascending and descending the mountain, not daring to stop for even a moment. 
When a burst of gunfire echoed from behind, Rachel almost lost her balance and nearly fell. 
Tears were swirling in her eyes. 
She couldn't help but wonder if those bullets actually hit Elisa. 
Would it hurt if it does? Can Elisa still survive? The more she thought about it, the more her heart
wrenched. 
Stumbling and staggering, Rachel didn't know how long she had been walking. After much difficulty, she finally went from the mountains to a winding road in them. 
That road served as the lifeline to the village, meaning all entry and exit to the village depended on that road. 
She was walking aimlessly, hoping to encounter a passing vehicle, yet things went against her wishes. 
###chapter1950
Chapter 1952 Reversal
Instead of help, all she ended up waiting for were pursuers. 
Five people wielding machetes chased after her. 
They wore similar sinister grins, looking at Rachel as if she were a lamb walking into a tiger's den. 
Rachel screamed in terror. 
However, the dying screams of the prey would only serve to arouse the hunters' intense excitement. 
In other words, Rachel was in a situation where she was isolated and without any assistance. 
She could only watch helplessly as the five people approached. All she could think of was the way Elisa had fearlessly cleared the path for her to escape. 
Rachel shook her head, continuously stepping back, a tear streaking down her cheek. 
In the end, she collapsed onto the ground, completely drained of strength. All she could do was watch as her pursuers approached. 
The leader of the group chuckled. “Beautiful lady, allow me to escort you to the afterlife.” 
“No—” Rachel, seeing blades swinging toward her, was so frightened that she quickly shut her eyes. 
After Elisa was captured, she was taken back to the abandoned factory. 
Of course, Mr. Carrerra knew that Rachel was going to ask for help. In other words, her seeking help would inevitably reveal their location. 
Logically speaking, for someone as cautious as Mr. Carrerra, he should have changed his location overnight. 
However, he didn't. 
It was because he was confident his comrades would surely return to him with Rachel's head, and that it would just be a matter of time. 
When Elisa was caught and brought back, the sky was beginning to brighten. Elisa was not locked up in the innermost part again. Instead, she was tied up and placed next to Mr. Carrerra. 
As Mr. Carrerra munched on peanuts, he kept a watchful eye on the entrance, seemingly waiting for someone. 
Elisa laughed. “Mr. Carrerra, are you waiting for your five comrades to return?” 
Mr. Carrerra paused momentarily in his drinking, but it didn't affect him for long. He resumed his usual demeanor, continuing to eat and drink as he normally would. 
He didn't even intend to pay attention to Elisa. 
Elisa wasn't in a hurry either. She calmly and leisurely stared at Mr. Carrerra. 
After an indeterminate amount of time, Mr. Carrerra brushed off the peanut shells from his hand and looked at Elisa. “What does that have to do with you? My comrades may just execute your friend on the spot. Or maybe they'll have a wonderful time with her before chopping her into pieces.” 
As he spoke, he seemed to imagine the scene he was describing and began to laugh joyfully. 
Yet, Elisa's expression remained unchanged, devoid of the anger or fear he had anticipated. Her dark eyes were unwavering as she stared at him intently. 
Her intense store mode Mr. Correrro's heort pound with uneose. 
“Reolly? There's olso o possibility thot they con't cotch up with my friend ond die out there. Do you think thot's possible?” soid Eliso. 
Mr. Correrro frowned without soying o word, storing ot Eliso. 
As if to corroborote whot Eliso hod soid, o subordinote of his come to report the situotion. 
The bodies of his five comrodes were found ot the bose of o cliff, ten kilometers owoy from the house. 
They were the ones trocking Rochel. 
Mr. Correrro cosuolly grobbed o bottle of wine from the side ond smoshed it on the ground. 
At thot moment, Eliso understood thot Rochel wos soved. 
Additionolly, she ossumed there wos o high chonce thot Goreth hod orrived to sove Rochel. 
Eliso wos feeling eloted. Noturolly, Mr. Correrro wouldn't let her enjoy her hoppiness. 
Mr. Correrro grobbed Eliso's collor, his voice fierce os he demonded, “Hos Goreth orrived? How mony people is he bringing with him? Why on eorth is this hoppening?” 
The more scored Mr. Correrro wos, the hoppier Eliso become. 
It's obout time he feels whot it's like to be on edge. Insteod of responding, Eliso just loughed, her loughter growing louder ond louder. 
Her intense stare made Mr. Carrerra's heart pound with unease. 
“Really? There's also a possibility that they can't catch up with my friend and die out there. Do you think that's possible?” said Elisa. 
Mr. Carrerra frowned without saying a word, staring at Elisa. 
As if to corroborate what Elisa had said, a subordinate of his came to report the situation. 
The bodies of his five comrades were found at the base of a cliff, ten kilometers away from the house. 
They were the ones tracking Rachel. 
Mr. Carrerra casually grabbed a bottle of wine from the side and smashed it on the ground. 
At that moment, Elisa understood that Rachel was saved. 
Additionally, she assumed there was a high chance that Gareth had arrived to save Rachel. 
Elisa was feeling elated. Naturally, Mr. Carrerra wouldn't let her enjoy her happiness. 
Mr. Carrerra grabbed Elisa's collar, his voice fierce as he demanded, “Has Gareth arrived? How many people is he bringing with him? Why on earth is this happening?” 
The more scared Mr. Carrerra was, the happier Elisa became. 
It's about time he feels what it's like to be on edge. Instead of responding, Elisa just laughed, her laughter growing louder and louder. 
###chapter1951
Chapter 1953 Furious
“I think the one who was left without a proper burial isn't a friend of mine but a subordinate of yours, Mr. Carrerra.” 
Elisa began to laugh, which sounded as refreshing as a pleasant spring breeze. 
Her radiant smile, at this moment, was enough to make one tremble. 
However, this only made Mr. Carrerra angrier. 
He slapped her across the face, and immediately, Elisa's cheek swelled up significantly. 
However, she didn't cry out in pain. The smile still lingered on her lips. 
It seemed to silently ask if this was all he was capable of. 
Feeling provoked, Mr. Carrerra led Elisa to the side of a water tank, pushing her entire head down firmly. 
Before Elisa had a chance to hold her breath, she was hit by the icy water, causing her to shiver from the cold. 
The water rushed into her nostrils and throat, making her feel extremely uncomfortable. 
No matter how much she struggled, she could always feel the force of his heavy hand pressing down on her head. 
Her hands were tied behind her back, so she couldn't even find a proper sitting position for support. 
Elisa knew that Mr. Carrerra was really getting serious. 
She merely closed her eyes and stopped struggling, giving up on her survival instincts. 
Mr. Carrerra quickly lifted Elisa's head when he realized that she was not moving. 
It was only then that Elisa felt alive once more as she began to breathe in fresh air in large gasps. 
Mr. Carrerra wiped his hands, tossed the handkerchief aside, and told one of his underlings to hasten the arrival of Hannah's subordinates. 
Otherwise, he felt that he was going to be plagued by problems caused by a delay. 
Elisa lay forgotten in the corner, coughing heavily as she slowly began to recover. 
Tears of emotion welled up in the corners of her eyes before they slowly slid down, bringing with them some warmth. 
After venting his frustrations, Mr. Carrerra no longer lingered around Elisa. 
The reason was simple. Elisa's words were eloquent but they also irritated him in equal measure. 
Mr. Carrerra was worried that if he stayed any longer, he couldn't resist killing Elisa himself. 
“While it would have been quite satisfying that way, he 
would have then deprived himself of the look of agony on Gareth's face.” 
He was determined to make Elisa and Gareth suffer. Even though both were alive, one of them was being tortured to the point of utter ruin. 
Regarding the other one, he knew very well that Elisa was still alive and that she was suffering, but he was not going to be able to find her. 
Even if Gareth managed to find her, the beautiful yet aloof woman Gareth cherished was going to turn into lowly dirt. The very thought of this excited Mr. Carrerra. 
Elisa did not know what kind of game Mr. Carrerra was playing, nor did she have any interest in finding out. 
She sot listlessly on the ground os the scenes from the smoll islond ployed in her mind like o movie. 
When she thought obout it, being stronded on o smoll islond wos not much better thon folling into the honds of Mr. Correrro. 
Why wosn't she hormed when she wos on the smoll islond? 
Eliso reckoned thot Goreth likely hod to beor the brunt of it. 
Also, when foced with donger, the first person she thought of wosn't onyone else but Goreth. 
Suddenly, Eliso storted to lough, os if something hod crossed her mind. 
Immediotely ofter, she sneezed violently o few times, followed by o severe bout of coughing. 
The domp clothes clung to Eliso's body until they were holf-dry, ond unsurprisingly, she hod cought o cold. 
For Mr. Correrro, this wos merely o minor odditionol punishment. 
Thus, she wos not going to be given ony medicotion to eose her symptoms. 
Not being given ony medicine wos no big deol, but the importont thing wos thot Goreth seemed to hove orrived. 
For some unknown reoson, the buyer from Moronto thot Mr. Correrro hod been in contoct with hod yet to moke ony commitments. 
Insteod, they could not even be contocted. 
This wos not reolly o big deol, ond it could even be considered o benefit for Eliso. 
It seemed thot Mr. Correrro wos going to fight to the bitter end. 
She heord o discussion going on outside where Scorfoce wos offering o strotegy. 
She sat listlessly on the ground as the scenes from the small island played in her mind like a movie. 
When she thought about it, being stranded on a small island was not much better than falling into the hands of Mr. Carrerra. 
Why wasn't she harmed when she was on the small island? 
Elisa reckoned that Gareth likely had to bear the brunt of it. 
Also, when faced with danger, the first person she thought of wasn't anyone else but Gareth. 
Suddenly, Elisa started to laugh, as if something had crossed her mind. 
Immediately after, she sneezed violently a few times, followed by a severe bout of coughing. 
The damp clothes clung to Elisa's body until they were half-dry, and unsurprisingly, she had caught a cold. 
For Mr. Carrerra, this was merely a minor additional punishment. 
Thus, she was not going to be given any medication to ease her symptoms. 
Not being given any medicine was no big deal, but the important thing was that Gareth seemed to have arrived. 
For some unknown reason, the buyer from Moranta that Mr. Carrerra had been in contact with had yet to make any commitments. 
Instead, they could not even be contacted. 
This was not really a big deal, and it could even be considered a benefit for Elisa. 
It seemed that Mr. Carrerra was going to fight to the bitter end. 
She heard a discussion going on outside where Scarface was offering a strategy. 
###chapter1952
Chapter 1954 Harboring Ill Intentions 1
At first, Scarface spoke so softly that Elisa couldn't hear what he said. 
Then, Mr. Carrerra was heard waving his hand, claiming that something was not possible, and turning his head away. It was clear that he did not want to discuss this matter any further. 
Scarface grew impatient and stepped forward, saying, “Boss, after all, your main goal is to humiliate her and Gareth, not to make money. What's the problem?” 
Elisa was struck with terror, a sense of foreboding spreading within her heart. 
The human trafficker they initially contacted couldn't come for some unknown reason, coupled with the fact that they had previously killed a few of their comrades. Some of them could not hold back anymore and wanted to directly insult both Elisa and Gareth. 
Elisa knew that she could not show even an ounce of fear now because showing fear would only excite these beasts even more. 
Yet, she absolutely refused to let these things taint her. 
The worst outcome was thus a fight to the bitter end, resulting in her death. 
Elisa simply could not accept this possibility, having endured so much only to die here. 
Fortunately, even though Mr. Carrerra was angry, he knew it wasn't the end of the world. After a moment of contemplation, he rejected Scarface's proposal. 
He stroked his chin and said, “You know the rules that Hannah has set. Now that you've crossed her, what if she doesn't let it slide?” 
“What about all of us, Mr. Carrerra—” 
“All right, there's no need to discuss this any further.” Mr. Carrerra interrupted Scarface before he could finish. 
Scarface fell silent, a look of defiance on his face. The gaze he directed toward Elisa was filled with intense malice. 
Elisa knew this matter was far from over. 
When it was time for the evening meal, it was a scar-faced man who came to deliver it. 
He held a porcelain bowl and bore a mischievous grin on his face as he stared at Elisa and said, “Come on. It's time to eat.” 
Elisa walked over, but she was immediately hit by the rancid smell of leftovers that had been sitting for a few days. 
Elisa did not take the bowl. She just stared straight at Scarface. 
Scarface laughed. “What's the matter? You don't like me?” 
Elisa did not respond. 
With a cold smirk, Scarface said, “You should be grateful there's food at all instead of being so picky. Do you think you're a guest here? Should I prepare a three-course meal with an appetizer for you?” 
Elisa did not get angry. Instead, she just calmly looked at Scarface. 
She knew that Scarface held a grudge and that he bore ill intentions. She was also aware of her current predicament. 
I don't think Mr. Carrerra would help me if he knew about this. He might even praise Scarface for doing the right thing. 
With o neutrol expression, Eliso osked, “Where is Nieve?” 
Nieve is the one who previously wotched over them. He wos olso the one Eliso knocked unconscious. 
All the meols from before were delivered by him. 
Although he wosn't exoctly o good person, ot leost the food he brought wosn't spoiled. Eliso hod begun to miss him o little. 
Scorfoce sneered ot her. “Are you genuinely clueless, or just pretending to be?” 
Seeing the bewildered look on Eliso's foce, Scorfoce understood thot she truly didn't know, which only mode him ongrier. 
“Whot do you think, if not becouse of you? After the escope, Nieve wos executed by the boss. He wos
still so young!” 
Eliso listened to Scorfoce's occusotions without even lifting her eyes. 
She wos no soint, ond she hodn't forgotten thot the reoson Nieve fell into this trop wos due to his lustful desires. 
Moreover, Nieve wos not exoctly o good person. 
She wos just osking obout him becouse she wonted him to bring her food, which wos better thon eoting spoiled food. 
Since they were deod, they've merely received their just desserts. 
She could not understond why Scorfoce wos gloring ot her with such hotred. 
She wos being treoted os if she hod been the one who killed Nieve. 
When he noticed Eliso's expression being os colm os usuol, Scorfoce become even more frustroted. 
With a neutral expression, Elisa asked, “Where is Nieve?” 
Nieve is the one who previously watched over them. He was also the one Elisa knocked unconscious. 
All the meals from before were delivered by him. 
Although he wasn't exactly a good person, at least the food he brought wasn't spoiled. Elisa had begun to miss him a little. 
Scarface sneered at her. “Are you genuinely clueless, or just pretending to be?” 
Seeing the bewildered look on Elisa's face, Scarface understood that she truly didn't know, which only made him angrier. 
“What do you think, if not because of you? After the escape, Nieve was executed by the boss. He was still so young!” 
Elisa listened to Scarface's accusations without even lifting her eyes. 
She was no saint, and she hadn't forgotten that the reason Nieve fell into this trap was due to his lustful desires. 
Moreover, Nieve was not exactly a good person. 
She was just asking about him because she wanted him to bring her food, which was better than eating spoiled food. 
Since they were dead, they've merely received their just desserts. 
She could not understand why Scarface was glaring at her with such hatred. 
She was being treated as if she had been the one who killed Nieve. 
When he noticed Elisa's expression being as calm as usual, Scarface became even more frustrated. 
###chapter1953
Chapter 1955 Harboring Ill Intentions 2
“Repentance?” Elisa looked at Scarface as if she was looking at a fool. 
“The one who killed him was Mr. Carrerra. If you're close to Nieve, take your anger out on Mr. Carrerra. What are you trying to do by making me repent here?” Elisa looked at Scarface, puzzled. 
In reality, Scarface was the embodiment of the saying “Bully the weak and fear the strong.” 
He was well aware that it was Mr. Carrerra who killed Nieve. However, he hypnotized himself to blame all problems on Elisa. 
In order to maintain peace of mind, Elisa had nothing much to say to such people. 
She stared at the spoiled pasta and sighed. 
She had no idea when she would be rescued or when the best opportunity would come. 
The only thing she was certain of was that opportunities were reserved for those who were prepared. 
It would be bad if she was hungry when she needed to escape, so she wanted to grab that bowl of pasta. 
Scarface was so annoyed and embarrassed by Elisa's words that he “accidentally” dropped the bowl just as Elisa was about to take it. 
The pasta was scattered all over the floor. 
The stench grew stronger. Elisa couldn't help but retch. 
Seeing Elisa in such distress, Scarface felt a perverse pleasure and immediately smirked. 
“Do you want to eat? Then eat off the ground!” Scarface said to Elisa in a nearly hysterical tone. 
Elisa glanced at him, remaining silent. 
The feeling of being ignored made Scarface feel provoked. He menacingly moved closer to Elisa. 
Elisa watched him warily, stepping back gradually, her voice steady but laced with a hint of disdain. “What are you doing?” 
Scarface sneered, pointing at himself. “What am I doing? F*cking you, of course!” 
Elisa frowned, remaining silent. 
Scarface spoke to himself. “I'll tell you the truth. You were originally going to be sold to Moranta to become a prostitute. That's why I think I should have some fun first after watching you for so long.” As Scarface spoke, he reached out and touched Elisa's face. 
His touch made Elisa feel a wave of nausea, so much so that she started to throw up. 
Since she hadn't eaten much, there was nothing in her stomach, so she just threw up some yellow liquid. 
Perhaps it included the cause of her cold. 
Scarface scowled. 
He glanced down at his dirtied clothes, his features scrunched up in displeasure. Then he looked at Elisa. “Did you do this on purpose, you b*tch?” 
Eliso wos still retching, unoble to stond up stroight ot oll. 
She woved her hond to indicote thot it wosn't the cose. 
She didn't do it on purpose. After oll, she still hod to stoy there ofter Scorfoce left. 
Therefore, she wos the lost person who would wont to dirty the ploce. 
She wos disgusted, ond she wos ill, but thot wos fine. 
Scorfoce looked disgusted, losing ony interest in thinking obout onything else. He pointed ot Eliso ond worned, “You better not try ony tricks. Just woit obediently to become o bride in Moronto.” 
His response wos met with onother retch. 
Scorfoce wos frightened ond hurriedly ron out, feoring Eliso would vomit on him ogoin. 
After he left, the spoce suddenly felt much more exponsive, ond the oir circuloted freely. 
Groduolly, Eliso no longer felt so nouseous. 
She leoned ogoinst the corner of the woll, gozing out the window, lost in thought. I wonder how Rochel is doing now, whether she hos been discovered by Goreth ond his people. Where is Goreth? Will he be onxious if he con't find me? 
Elisa was still retching, unable to stand up straight at all. 
She waved her hand to indicate that it wasn't the case. 
She didn't do it on purpose. After all, she still had to stay there after Scarface left. 
Therefore, she was the last person who would want to dirty the place. 
She was disgusted, and she was ill, but that was fine. 
Scarface looked disgusted, losing any interest in thinking about anything else. He pointed at Elisa and warned, “You better not try any tricks. Just wait obediently to become a bride in Moranta.” 
His response was met with another retch. 
Scarface was frightened and hurriedly ran out, fearing Elisa would vomit on him again. 
After he left, the space suddenly felt much more expansive, and the air circulated freely. 
Gradually, Elisa no longer felt so nauseous. 
She leaned against the corner of the wall, gazing out the window, lost in thought. I wonder how Rachel is doing now, whether she has been discovered by Gareth and his people. Where is Gareth? Will he be anxious if he can't find me?
###chapter1954
Chapter 1956 He Has Arrived
Suddenly, a face appeared at the window, startling Elisa. 
That prompted her to check the face closer and see it was Gareth. 
Elisa covered her mouth, afraid that her surprise gasp might slip out as a shout. 
Tears soon filled her eyes. 
She didn't show any emotions when she was kidnapped or threatened. 
It wasn't because she was afraid. 
After all, Mr. Carrerra was ruthless, merciless, and a madman. 
It was just that she couldn't afford to be afraid as she had to always consider Rachel's feelings. Over time, she just became numb to her feelings. 
The moment Elisa saw Gareth, it was as if she had seen her savior. 
Gareth was determined to meet Elisa, regardless of the cost and hardships. He even risked being discovered at any moment to meet her. 
The moment he saw Elisa, he felt that all his efforts were worth it. 
“Are you okay?” Gareth asked with a faint smile, silently inquiring about Elisa's situation through lip- reading. 
Elisa nodded, then as if something had occurred to her, she asked, “Have you found Rachel?” 
Gareth nodded, understanding that Elisa cared about Rachel, so he briefly shared how he encountered Rachel. 
Apparently, the day after Rachel reached the highway, she had no strength left and collapsed onto the ground. 
Five burly men advanced toward her menacingly. 
One of them was about to strike her with a machete, and she closed her eyes in fear. Yet, surprisingly, the emotion that filled her mind at that moment was not fear but guilt. 
She felt guilty for letting Elisa down and delivering the message. 
What followed next in her mind were desperate prayers. 
She hoped she didn't hinder Elisa's survival and that Gareth would find Elisa soon. 
At that moment, Rachel also realized that people's lives flashed past their eyes on the verge of death. 
Surprisingly, Rachel also saw Vincent in her flashbacks. 
In her mind, Vincent was sometimes annoyingly cheap but also very competent. 
She thought it was a pity that their relationship would end with her death. However, she was also
convinced that he was heartless. She believed he would forget about her soon after she died, despite the fact he claimed to like her. 
As unwilling as she was for things to end that way, she didn't feel too regretful about it. 
After waiting for a long while, the pain she was anticipating did not come. 
Rachel opened her eyes and saw the three burly men who had been standing before her were sprawling haphazardly on the ground. 
After scanning her environment, she saw the person who was just in front of her. 
Vincent jumped out of the car and sprinted toward her direction. 
Rachel just sat there, stunned, on the ground. 
It wasn't until she received a warm hug that she returned to her senses. 
“You scared me to death! Do you know that?” exclaimed Vincent. 
Rachel could feel that Vincent's body was trembling. 
She raised her hand. Instead of pushing him away, she patted his back. She was still in a daze, not quite knowing how to react. “Don't be scared. I'm perfectly fine, aren't I?” 
As soon as those words were spoken, both of them were stunned. 
Rachel didn't know when she had become so fond of Vincent's good temper. 
She nodded, pushing away Vincent a little. 
Sensing her resistance, Vincent stood up, his face flushed with embarrassment. 
Immediately, he reached out his hand to help Rachel up. 
Much to his surprise, Rachel didn't resist. She was genuinely feeling a bit weak at that moment. 
Borrowing his strength, she managed to stand up, only to see Gareth looking at her with anxiety. 
Rachel didn't beat around the bush. She succinctly explained the whole situation, including Elisa's predicament. 
After hearing everything, Gareth furrowed his brows. 
First, they took Rachel to the nearest hotel. Then, Gareth and his gang took their time to make plans. 
However, Gareth was always weighed down by his concerns for Elisa. 
###chapter1955
Chapter 1957 Hannah Arrives
And that explained how Elisa got to see Gareth. 
He didn't waste much time and directly found his way there based on the address given by Rachel. 
Vincent had tried to stop Gareth, but to no avail. 
The latter didn't show any unnecessary emotions as he said, “If Rachel were the one who was there today, I wouldn't stop you.” 
Upon hearing this, Vincent had no choice but to step aside and remind Gareth to be careful in all matters. 
However, none of those mattered anymore. 
Gareth felt that seeing Elisa safe and sound made everything worthwhile. 
Between the two of them, there was no need for excessive words. Sometimes, a single glance was all it took, making everything else seem superfluous. 
At the sight of Gareth, Elisa finally felt completely at ease as well. 
Still, now was not the time to completely relax. She succinctly talked about Hannah's matter. 
After listening quietly for a while, he asked, “Has Mr. Carrerra ever met this Hannah woman?” 
Elisa was momentarily taken aback, then shook her head. “I don't think so.” 
“Are you sure?” Gareth narrowed his eyes. “This is very important.” 
She thoroughly thought it over before nodding. 
“They only communicated over the phone. During one of their calls, Mr. Carrerra once mentioned that he would show her something nice when they meet for the first time.” 
Elisa didn't continue speaking, as she could sense that Gareth had gotten mad. 
Who else could that nice thing be? Of course, it's me. 
A vein throbbed fiercely on the man's forehead as he struggled to control his impulses. “All right, don't worry. I'll get you out of here as soon as possible...” 
He didn't continue to say anything further, for someone had entered the small room. 
Elisa composed herself and looked away. Following her line of sight, Mr. Carrerra looked out the window and smiled. “What's the matter? Are you yearning for the life outside, Ms. Benett?” 
She remained silent, clearly not interested in engaging with him. 
He continued to talk to himself. “Well, that is normal, but it's best if you adapt to the current situation. Once Hannah takes you away, you won't have many opportunities to go outside anymore.” 
Elisa still said nothing, as if she hadn't heard a thing. 
Regardless, Mr. Carrerra wasn't mad and added, “Do you know why?” 
He chuckled. “That's because once you're in Moranta, you'll be nothing more than a kept woman of a drug lord or an arms dealer. In other words, you'll become a personal slave, and it's the kind that includes sharing their bed. Cherish the present while you still can enjoy the view outside the window. Who knows, you might just end up living in a basement in the future.” 
The man laughed heartily, but Elisa remained unfazed. 
She even went so far as to say, “What you said is indeed terrifying, but... where's Hannah?” 
Mr. Carrerra's smile suddenly stiffened. 
Knowing that she had guessed correctly, she continued, “If I'm not mistaken, Mr. Carrerra, your people likely can't get in touch with her anymore, can they? That's why you thought to provoke me a little? In actuality, there's really no need...” 
Elisa spoke without much emotional fluctuation, and her face was equally expressionless. 
Yet, somehow, he saw a hint of mockery in her gaze. 
The man got hot under the collar. 
It was around this time that someone came to report, saying they had established contact with Hannah. 
Her estimated arrival time was eleven o'clock in the evening. 
Upon hearing this, Mr. Carrerra burst into laughter, looking extremely smugly at Elisa. 
Yet, she appeared remarkably composed. 
Or rather, she didn't want to show her vulnerability. 
Seeing that she had no reaction, he was convinced that she was pretending, so he didn't get mad. After all, the real thing was about to happen.
###chapter1956
Chapter 1958 Inspection Of Goods
After Mr. Carrerra left, Elisa felt uneasy and looked out the window. 
Gareth had disappeared without a trace some time ago. 
Her thoughts were in a state of turmoil, and just like that, she waited until nightfall. 
Midway through, someone came in to deliver food, but it wasn't Scarface. 
Mr. Carrerra probably knew what that fellow was thinking, too. With the delivery imminent, he didn't want any complications to arise. 
Hence, Elisa waited and waited, only for Hannah to show up instead of Gareth and his group storming in. 
Around ten o'clock in the evening, the initially quiet factory suddenly bustled with activity and became brightly lit. 
Elisa leaned against the corner of the wall, noticing the lights outside starting to illuminate. 
Following that was a series of soft, fragmented exchanges. 
She pressed her ear against the door. Luckily, it wasn't soundproof, which allowed her to catch snippets of the conversation. 
Mr. Carrerra seemed ecstatic and also greatly respected Hannah. 
Elisa heard him saying, “Hannah, seeing is truly believing. I'm glad to finally meet you. Please, come inside.” 
Hannah likely didn't say anything, and everyone moved from the entrance to the center of the factory. 
Now, Elisa was able to listen even clearer. 
Hannah's voice sounded quite youthful, and she spoke in a concise and clear manner. Overall, she exuded an enigmatic aura. 
“Where's the goods?” 
With a cheerful demeanor, Mr. Carrerra immediately ordered someone to bring Elisa out. 
As the footsteps grew closer, Elisa quickly resumed her act of feigning ignorance, leaning nonchalantly against the corner of the wall. 
Immediately after, two burly men entered the room, intending to seize her from both sides. 
Elisa dodged swiftly, and a mouthful of water spewed straight onto one of their faces. 
She snapped, “Don't touch me. I can walk on my own.” 
With that, she started heading outside. 
This was the first time both Mr. Carrerra and Elisa met Hannah. 
The woman was dressed in a style reminiscent of Moranta, and every gesture and movement of hers exuded an exotic charm. 
She was clothed primarily in black, with a few small bells adorning her chest, causing jingles to resound with each step she took. 
There was also a silver bracelet on her wrist, which was a tradition of where she came from. 
Similarly, it was decked with bells that jingled loud and clear. 
While Elisa sized Hannah up, the latter did the same thing to her. 
A moment of silence later, Hannah covered her mouth and began to laugh. 
She then winked at Mr. Carrerra. “This is really a top-notch catch.” 
The man threw his head back and guffawed. “That's for sure!” 
Elisa rolled her eyes, clueless about what he was so proud of. 
Meanwhile, Hannah took a sip of tea, savoring it. 
All eyes around her were glued to her. 
After all, in the end, she would be the one to make the decision about what to do with Elisa. 
Hannah waved her hand, and the bells chimed crisply. 
“Go on. Get her in the car,” was all she said. 
Mr. Carrerra smiled from ear to ear, seemingly having envisioned the miserable life that awaited Elisa. 
As for Elisa, she naturally resisted. 
As her hands were bound, she kicked with her feet, aiming at anyone who approached her. 
This led to a moment where people around didn't dare to approach her. 
They not only feared getting hurt themselves but also accidentally hurting Elisa. 
Mr. Carrerra frowned in dissatisfaction. Looks like Elisa still wants to cause me trouble at this juncture, huh? In that case, don't blame me for being impolite. 
He waved a hand, and at once, someone restrained Elisa in a method that was far from gentle. She received a solid punch in the abdomen and fell to the ground, clutching her belly in pain. 
“Now, she's behaving,” Mr. Carrerra remarked with a smile, looking at Hannah. 
The latter gave a couple of awkward chuckles, which seemed a bit strange. 
“Yes... Indeed.” 
Subsequently, she came to her senses and had someone escort Elisa away. 
###chapter1957
Chapter 1959 Suspicion
Elisa lay on the ground while biting her lip, no longer resisting. It seemed as if she had resigned herself to fate. 
In truth, she was completely depleted of strength to resist. 
This was the first reason. 
The second reason was that she had spotted the jade ring on Hannah's thumb earlier. 
As soon as Elisa got there, she noticed that Hannah was constantly fiddling with her own jade ring in a subtle way. 
Elisa couldn't be more familiar with the ring. 
It was the same one she received from Mrs. Kella before leaving the small fishing village. 
She and Gareth each had one, as they were a pair of matching rings. 
The two of them rarely wore the rings on a regular basis, for they were more like keepsakes. After all, they were made of jade and incredibly fragile. 
Gareth must have made this woman wear it on purpose to let me know about these people's identities. 
That jade ring was exclusively handcrafted from white jade. 
Seeing that pristine jade, coupled with the traces of man-made carving, Elisa was certain she would not
mistake it. 
Additionally, Hannah's somewhat off behavior made Elisa even more certain that the woman worked for Gareth. 
Only then did Elisa realize why she felt something was amiss. That was because this so-called Hannah seemed to be putting on quite an act. 
The act wasn't about her being pretentious but about her striving to grasp the feeling of being in a position of power and importance. 
It simply felt too excessive, akin to how a child put on an adult's shoes. 
Not only that, but she also didn't really act or speak like someone from Moranta. Instead, she appeared more like a person from one of their local minority ethnic groups. 
The two ethnic cultures shared a common lineage, yet each had evolved in its own unique way. 
Since Elisa could tell, Mr. Carrerra naturally could, too. 
Compliantly, Elisa allowed the others to pick her up from the ground. 
She placed her hand on that person's shoulder, whispering into his ear, “Let's quickly leave lest we get called back.” 
“Hannah” also let out a nearly imperceptible sigh of relief. 
Sure enough, just as they were about to leave, they were stopped by Mr. Carrerra. 
“Hold on.” 
“Hannah” practically felt a chill run down her spine. She turned around stiffly to face him and asked with a forced smile, “Do you have any other questions, Mr. Carrerra?” 
The person holding Elisa was about to turn around as well, but she didn't let him. 
Weakly, she ordered, “Seize the opportunity and dash out when the time comes.” 
Those kicks from Mr. Carrerra's men just now definitely came with resentment from personal grudges. 
They hadn't held back at all, as if wishing they could kick her to death there and then. 
As such, even breathing hurts for Elisa. 
Mr. Carrerra didn't confront them straightforwardly, proving he also likely suspected Hannah's identity. 
Thus, tentatively, he said, “Hannah, I really like that bracelet on your arm. I wonder if you could take it off and let me have a look?” 
Thank goodness. The fact that he isn't confronting us outrightly means he's not entirely sure. It's not yet time to reveal my identity. 
“Hannah” breathed a sigh of relief inwardly, and a smile tugged at the corners of her lips. “Surely you're not unaware of our customs, Mr. Carrerra? This bracelet is only shown to the one a woman loves. What
you're asking is rather ill-mannered.” 
Upon hearing this, Mr. Carrerra didn't say a word, his expression somber. 
After a good while, he chuckled lowly. “You're right.” 
It seemed they had perilously passed this challenge. 
As “Hannah” was about to leave with her group, she was stopped once again just before reaching the door. 
Mr. Carrerra asked, “Hannah, how much money did we agree on? I seem to have forgotten all of a sudden.” 
A pang of unease struck Elisa's heart. If what happened earlier was a subtle test, then what was happening now was blatant distrust. 
###chapter1958
Chapter 1960 Escape Against All Odds
“Hannah” herself didn't know where she had gone wrong. 
Nonetheless, none of that mattered anymore. 
Elisa shouted loudly, “Run! Once you're out, hide on either side!” 
In a flash, “Hannah” and her group ran desperately toward the door. 
Once Mr. Carrerra and the others regained their senses, they rapidly fired at the door. 
Elisa felt the bullets whizzing past her, virtually grazing her body. 
Fortunately, her timing was impeccable, or perhaps these people had run fast enough so they weren't hit by the bullets. 
Only later did Elisa find out that these people were all police officers. It was no wonder they were in such good shape. 
Outside the factory, the area was surrounded by police. 
Mr. Carrerra was cognizant of this, so he didn't go near. 
He cursed in anger, but no matter how furious he was, he didn't dare to chase after them. He could only watch as they left, then immediately ordered the factory's entrance to be shut. 
Indeed, a trap had been set outside, waiting to ensnare Mr. Carrerra and the others all at once. 
Elisa managed to escape and, at first glance, saw Gareth. The two embraced each other, seemingly with a myriad of unspoken words to share. 
He patted her back gently, speaking in a soothing manner. “I'm here. Everything's okay now.” 
She nodded. “Thank you...” 
Meanwhile, “Hannah,” who had just narrowly escaped death, looked at the couple with a somewhat puzzled gaze. 
She walked over, interrupting the two in their reunion. 
“You two seem to have such a wonderful relationship. I'm truly envious. May I ask what your relationship is?” 
Hearing this, the duo could only let go of each other. 
Instinctively, Elisa didn't really like this girl. 
She had always been good at reading people, and this girl made her feel incredibly uncomfortable, especially the way the girl looked at Gareth. 
However, it was still necessary to maintain proper etiquette and manners, particularly considering that the girl had just rescued Elisa from the wolf's den. 
Elisa remained silent, and it was Gareth who spoke. 
“Nothing much. No need to make wild guesses.” 
“Hannah” let out a drawn-out, inscrutable “Oh,” clearly expressing her disbelief in their words. 
Still, she tactfully did not continue on this topic and instead questioned, “Well, I'm more or less your lifesaver. Shouldn't you thank me?” 
These words were directed at Elisa. 
Therefore, Elisa did not hesitate to express her gratitude and sincerely said, “Thank you for your generous help, Miss.” 
“Hannah” waved smilingly, only for Gareth to firmly grasp her waving hand. 
Momentarily surprised, she stared blankly at him. 
However, he simply removed the ring from her hand, his face devoid of any expression. 
“You're done using it. It's time to give it back to me.” 
“Hannah” smiled to conceal her embarrassment, then proactively began to introduce herself. 
“Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Kaylee Knapp, and I belong to a minority ethnic group.” 
Elisa understood clearly; it was indeed as she had expected. 
She's probably the person the police found. 
Out of politeness, Elisa expressed her gratitude once again. 
Before Kaylee Knapp could say anything, Elisa felt a wave of dizziness, as if the world was spinning and everything in front of her was turning upside down. 
Then, without warning, she fainted. 
Luckily, Gareth's quick reflexes came into play as he swiftly supported her, preventing her from collapsing to the ground. 
Without a moment to spare, he scooped up Elisa, ready to make their exit. 
Before leaving, he informed the sheriff, who was present, and the sheriff expressed his understanding. 
Seeing the couple leave, Kaylee decided to follow suit as well. 
She called out from behind, “Wait for me!” 
With that, she eagerly went after them.
###chapter1959
Chapter 1961 The Outcome
When Elisa woke up, she was momentarily disoriented by the pure white ceiling that came into view. 
Only after regaining her senses did she finally manage to prop herself up. 
He's staying by my side at this hour, which means he has likely spent the whole night here. 
The noise roused Gareth, and he quickly sat up, looking at her with concern. “You're awake. Do you feel unwell anywhere?” 
Elisa shook her head, and then she quickly nodded. 
Nonplussed, he asked, “Where are you unwell?” 
She pointed at her belly, feeling a bit abashed. 
“You've been sleeping since yesterday afternoon until noon today. It's only natural for you to be hungry,” he commented with a smile, gently patting her head. She stiffened for a brief moment. 
Though Gareth felt it, he didn't say anything. 
He simply wanted her to get used to his touch. 
“Wait here for a while.” 
She nodded. 
Hence, the man turned around and went to the open kitchen to make oatmeal. 
In the room, Elisa was perfectly positioned to watch him busy himself. 
He was wearing a cartoon-themed apron, holding a spoon, and looking quite the part. 
She couldn't help but chuckle. 
In no time, Gareth brought in a bowl of steaming bacon oatmeal. 
When one's mouth could taste nothing but one's saliva, having a bowl of this was equivalent to bliss. 
After taking a bite, Elisa fanned her mouth due to the scalding heat. 
At the side, he handed her a tissue, signaling her to spit it out. 
She did as instructed and finally felt better. 
“Take your time. No one's gonna snatch it from you.” 
Upon closer inspection, one would be able to see a hint of amusement in Gareth's eyes. 
Elisa didn't bother looking at him anymore and just kept eating on her own. 
She wasn't really sure how to react. 
Seeing her like this, he didn't get angry and simply said nonchalantly, “On Mr. Carrerra's side, the police have seized a lot of guns and ammunition, and many people have been caught. But he himself still managed to escape.” 
When Gareth said these words, his tone was tinged with a trace of regret. 
This time, both the police and Gareth likely hoped to apprehend Mr. Carrerra and bring the man to justice. 
The police were afraid that Mr. Carrerra might commit another crime, whereas Gareth was afraid Mr. Carrerra might deal with Elisa again in the same way as this time. 
After Elisa survived the ordeal and was brought to safety, the doctor examined her and didn't find anything serious other than her irregular eating habits that caused her stomach problems to flare up again, and she had caught a chill. 
However, all of these could be treated. 
It was just that Gareth didn't want her to suffer for no reason. 
A profound heaviness settled in Elisa's heart when she learned that Mr. Carrerra had not been captured. 
After all, he was a madman who never let any slight go unpunished. 
The same had happened because of the Ganoderma Caligo before. 
Now that he had lost so many comrades, it remained uncertain what kind of insane retaliation awaited them. 
Even the most stringent precautions were meaningless, as there would always be loopholes, careless mistakes, and moments of respite. 
With the enemy lurking in the shadows, they couldn't afford even the slightest mistake. 
Once a mistake was made, it'd be beyond redemption. 
“Where's Hannah?” 
Elisa's words carried double meaning. 
Gareth's body noticeably stiffened. “The real Hannah has been seized. The human trafficking incidents at the border over the years are enough to give her a hard time.” 
After speaking, he turned his gaze toward Elisa. “As for Kaylee, she... came to the hotel with us.” 
Elisa raised an eyebrow in slight surprise, sensing that the two seemed to be keeping secrets from her. 
However, since he chose not to reveal it, she wouldn't ask either. 
She lowered her head and ate her oatmeal, lost in deep thought. 
###chapter1960
Chapter 1962 Jealousy
As neither Elisa nor Gareth talked about it, an eerie silence fell between them. 
Even though they had just escaped from the brink of death, they became distant again. 
Elisa didn't understand why, but being as proud as she was, she wouldn't ask. 
The air around seemed to have solidified. 
An awkward atmosphere spread between them. Gareth tried to initiate conversation several times, but each attempt was cut short by her responses of “Mm,” “Oh,” and “Sure.” 
Just at that moment, Rachel knocked on the door and came in. 
With the addition of a third person, the atmosphere in the room finally improved. 
With her hands behind her back, Rachel cautiously stepped in, sensing a somewhat off atmosphere between the two. 
Tensions were running high. 
Upon seeing Rachel arrive, Gareth made room for her to sit down. 
She looked at him, whose chin was covered in stubble, and abruptly felt soft-hearted. “You should go take a shower and clean up. We're leaving this afternoon anyway. You should also take some time to rest.” 
Gareth remained still, glancing at Elisa with hopeful eyes. 
He was likely hoping for some kind of reaction from her, whether it was being moved or something else. 
Alas, Elisa continued to bow her head, engrossed in her food and disregarding everything. It was as if she didn't care about what they were discussing at all. 
With a deep sigh, Gareth told Rachel about some things to take note of, then left the room while constantly looking back. 
After he left, Rachel chuckled and asked, “What happened? I heard that the two of you were crying in each other's arms at the scene. Now that you're both back safe and sound, why have you two started giving each other the cold shoulder instead?” 
In an instant, Elisa snapped back to reality. 
In fact, nothing really happened between the two of them. 
She just instinctively disliked Kaylee and felt that the latter was a scheming person. 
It gave her an uncomfortable feeling, especially when she would feel dizzy after staring at Kaylee for too long. The woman was indeed beautiful, but she was the dangerous kind, like a femme fatale. 
Unfortunately, Elisa couldn't voice these words because Gareth's intentions were clear—he was determined to take Kaylee back with him. 
Elisa became curious, wondering where he would arrange for Kaylee to be after bringing her with him. 
After all, even Gareth himself lived in Elisa's house. 
Elisa's mind contained a whirlwind of thoughts. She turned to Rachel and queried, “What's the story behind... Kaylee?” 
The latter blinked. “Kaylee? We're not quite sure either. Gareth returned with her in tow after he went out. He said she had a way to save you, which was why he brought her... What's wrong?” 
After much thought, Elisa decided to tell Rachel about it. 
“Then, do you know that he's planning to take her away from here too?” 
Rachel shook her head. She hadn't had much contact with Gareth and Kaylee, as she had been focused on healing her own injuries and hadn't paid much attention to this matter. 
But... so what if he wants to bring Kaylee along? Could it be that Elisa is angry because of this? 
“Ha!” Rachel exclaimed, standing up with a hand on her hip, pointing at Elisa. “And you still said you don't like Gareth?” 
The latter blinked innocently. “What does this have to do with whether I like him or not?” 
Elisa was at a loss for words, unsure why such a thought occurred to Rachel. 
Seeing Elisa keeping silent, Rachel anxiously asked, “Don't tell me I've hit the nail on the head? You've unknowingly fallen for Gareth, haven't you? Is that why you don't want him to leave with another girl?” 
The more she thought about it, the more she thought it seemed possible. 
###chapter1961
Chapter 1963 Move Out
Only that reason was the most convincing. 
“This must be a deep-seated sentiment, right? Only that could make the rational Elisa despise a stranger who saved her life,” Rachel said with a sour tone. 
Even though Gareth risked his own safety to save Elisa, he ultimately played a part in provoking Mr. Carrerra. 
He was merely making amends for his mistakes, so there was nothing worth praising about his action. 
Therefore, Rachel still disagreed with the two of them being together. 
Rachel was a bit annoyed. She remembered that Elisa had previously said she didn't like him, yet now she was doing that. 
She added sarcastically, “You're not jealous, are you?” 
At the doorway, Kaylee, who was about to enter, paused in her steps. The expression on her face gave much food for thought. 
Elisa frowned, not in the slightest bit of a mood to joke around. “You're overthinking it. That's not the reason.” 
Seeing Elisa so serious, Rachel also sat down, peeling an apple for her while asking, “What's the reason, then?” 
Elisa said, “I always feel that Kaylee's gaze gives me an uncomfortable feeling, especially when I smell her fragrance. It makes my head feel dizzy.” As Elisa spoke, she turned to Rachel for confirmation. “Don't you feel the same way? Or did you notice anything strange about her?” 
Rachel shook her head, then nodded. 
“Now that you mention it, it seems to jog my memory. Ever since Gareth brought her back, I've had little contact with her. But there was this one time I saw her alone under the moonlight, fiddling with something and mumbling to herself. She was muttering under her breath in a bizarre manner, kind of like a sorcerer in a TV show!” Rachel clapped her hands. “Yes! That's right. A sorcerer.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa didn't continue speaking. What Rachel said was somewhat beyond her expectations. 
The two fell into a silence. 
Right then, Kaylee walked in. 
“Oh, Elisa, Rachel, you're both here?” She smiled sweetly and naively. 
Elisa nodded indifferently, not showing much warmth toward Kaylee. 
Kaylee seemed oblivious. She affectionately held Elisa's hand and said, “Elisa, here's the thing. Can I stay at your place after I follow you out of here?” 
Seemingly aware that she was being a bit abrupt, Kaylee smiled and explained, “Here's the thing. I must stay with Gareth. But now that Gareth is living with you, could I possibly live with you guys too?” 
After she finished speaking, as if she was afraid that Elisa would disagree, she quickly assured her, “I can clean, cook, and do anything, as long as you don't mind... Is that okay, Elisa?” 
Upon hearing her phone words, Elisa raised an eyebrow. 
“So, you're saying that you absolutely have to be with Gareth. Is that it?” 
Upon hearing that, Kaylee blushed and nodded as if afraid that Elisa would not misunderstand her, then lowered her head in embarrassment. 
Elisa and Rachel exchanged glances. 
Rachel said, “Then why don't you move out together with Gareth?” 
The smile on Kaylee's face instantly froze after she heard that. 
She let out a somewhat incredulous yelp, seemingly a bit hesitant to believe what Rachel had said. 
Rachel kindly repeated it once more. “You should move out together with Gareth, then. Do you understand?” 
Even though Rachel didn't have any negative impressions of Kaylee, since Elisa doesn't like her, she refused to like Kaylee too. 
###chapter1962
Chapter 1964 Phony Woman
After that conversation, Rachel finally realized Kaylee was just a phony woman. 
Although it was unclear how she managed to get close to Gareth, there was no doubt she was a phony woman. 
Rachel thought. What kind of decent girl would come and ask another person if she could live with the other person's ex-husband because she couldn't be apart from him? 
Kaylee's face turned pale, and she spoke through gritted teeth. 
Elisa added fuel to the fire. “In that case, call Gareth now and tell him to move out with Ms. Knapp. After all, he's been living at my place long enough.” 
When Elisa spoke, Rachel took out her phone to make a call. 
Kaylee quickly said, “L-Let's just forget it!” 
Elisa slightly raised her eyebrows, smiling at her. “Why not? Ms. Knapp, I'm really sorry, but my home doesn't accommodate outsiders. Since you can't separate from Gareth, you two can live together outside. You can even return to Wickam Manor with him.” 
Listening to Elisa's magnanimous remarks, Kaylee chuckled awkwardly without responding. 
Rachel was leisurely looking at her with her phone in hand as if questioning Kaylee why she hadn't left yet. 
Helpless, Kaylee could only leave dejectedly. 
Elisa didn't miss the look in Kaylee's eyes before she left. It was as if she wanted to devour Elisa alive. Interesting. How amusing. She's pretending to be weak to deceive the strong. 
After Kaylee left, Rachel put away her phone. 
Elisa didn't want to send Gareth away over such a trivial matter, especially when he was still nursing his injuries. 
She merely wanted to deter Kaylee. 
However, unexpectedly, in the afternoon, Kaylee played the victim. 
After packing up everything and expressing their gratitude to the local police, the group was ready to leave. 
However, Kaylee was nowhere to be seen even after a long time. 
Gareth made a phone call, and it sounded as if Kaylee was crying on the other end of the line. 
Not knowing what was said, they saw Gareth run back to the hotel. 
Vincent wanted to give chase, but in the end, he chose to stay. 
Elisa's lips curled into a smile. It seems I've truly underestimated Kaylee. She's scheming and
ambitious. 
Rachel nudged Vincent with her elbow. “What's the story with this Kaylee? Why is Gareth so protective of her?” 
“Protective?” Upon hearing Rachel's words, Vincent immediately defended his friend, saying, “How is that protective of her? That can, at most, be called as an expression of his gratitude.” 
After saying that, he took another glance at Elisa's expression. 
Elisa just smiled, revealing no other emotions, behaving as if she were just an outsider. 
Vincent was genuinely worried for Gareth. 
Roughly after about ten minutes, Gareth, supporting a somewhat weakened Kaylee, emerged from within. 
Tears still lingered in the corners of Kaylee's eyes, making her look as if she had suffered the greatest injustice in the world. 
Rachel asked Elisa, “What happened to Kaylee?” 
With a cold laugh, Elisa didn't respond. What else could she be doing? She's probably just putting up an act. 
Sure enough, after helping Kaylee into the car, Gareth sought out Elisa for a chat. 
Although Rachel didn't hold much hope for the two of them, she didn't want anyone to sabotage their relationship either. 
Whether to reconcile, remain friends, or part ways, no matter what, Rachel hoped that the decision lay in Elisa's hands rather than being forced to choose because of some despicable individual's meddling. 
Rachel glanced at Kaylee in the car, who seemed to be scared of herself, and shrugged her shoulders. 
Elisa and Gareth stood a bit far away. 
Gareth stared at Elisa as if trying to read her mind. 
###chapter1963
Chapter 1965 Apologize
After a while, he finally spoke, “I'll explain the situation between Kaylee and me in detail when we get back. The story is a bit complicated.” 
Elisa remained silent, staring at him with an unconcerned expression. 
He took a deep breath, mentally preparing himself before saying, “She has been kind to both of us, so could you perhaps not reject her?” 
Elisa couldn't help but laugh in exasperation. She retorted, “You think I'm rejecting her? What did she just say?” 
The air around them seemed to freeze due to their argument. 
Elisa appeared somewhat displeased. 
“She said she felt guilty for coming between us and that you said if she were to come back with us, you would drive me away...” At that point, Gareth appeared somewhat aggrieved and hurt. Then, he asked, “Is that true?” 
Elisa met his gaze in a neither supercilious nor obsequious demeanor. “Do you think I'm that kind of person?” 
Gareth shook his head. “I know you're not that kind of person, but could you possibly help take care of her in the future—” 
Before Gareth could finish speaking, Elisa directly interrupted him, “She saved my life, and I am deeply
grateful. But what I, Elisa, detest the most is anyone who uses favors or anything else as leverage. Gareth, you really don't understand me.” 
After speaking, Elisa turned around and got back into the car. 
Elisa and Rachel shared a car, while Vincent, Gareth, and Kaylee occupied the other car. 
During that period, Gareth tried to strike up a conversation, but Elisa completely ignored him. 
Kaylee, on the other hand, was constantly apologizing and being overly attentive. 
When they reached the service area, she even took the initiative to get water for Gareth and such. 
It was just a pity that Gareth wasn't in the mood to drink any water. 
Kaylee could sense Gareth's attitude toward her had become more distant and polite. 
Their relationship, which was never close to begin with, was now becoming more distant. 
Is it because of Elisa? Kaylee's gaze was gloomy. 
Throughout the journey, everyone remained mostly silent, making the atmosphere somewhat awkward. 
By the time they arrived, it was already midnight. 
During the car ride, Gareth arranged accommodations for Kaylee. 
She was arranged to stay in one of the properties he owned, and he assigned Thomas to send her. 
As she was leaving, Kaylee seemed rather reluctant, constantly turning around to look at Gareth. 
However, she also knew she had no other choice. 
She clenched her teeth. I'll replace Elisa one day! 
Gareth couldn't care about all of that because he had to apologize sincerely to Elisa. 
Gareth walked home, assuming his fingerprints had already been erased. 
He tried nervously, and to his surprise, the door actually opened. 
With a faint smile, Gareth finally let out a sigh of relief. 
The room was quiet, and the lights were off when he stepped inside. 
Only the light in Elisa's room was still on. 
So, Gareth took a deep breath and strode forward. 
Elisa was taking a bath when there was a gentle knock on the door. 
Gareth thought she was still angry. He originally planned to go straight in. When he placed his hand on
the door handle, he realized the door was not closed. 
Therefore, he tentatively stepped inside. 
Just then, Elisa exited the bathroom wrapped in a bath towel. 
They faced each other, staring at one another. 
Gareth opened his mouth in surprise. 
Elisa grabbed the pillow next to her and threw it, quickly retreating back to the bathroom while cursing, “You pervert!” 
The sound of Elisa putting on her clothes came from the bathroom, causing Gareth's imagination to run wild. 
It was only then that Gareth realized his mistake and quickly apologized, “I-I didn't do this on purpose.”
###chapter1964
Chapter 1966 Come Clean
After getting dressed, Elisa finally exited the bathroom. 
She was wrapped in a bathrobe, concealing her enticing figure. 
Still, Gareth couldn't help but imagine her figure beneath the bathrobe, unconsciously gulping. 
“I'm sorry. I didn't mean to intrude. Your room door was unlocked, and I just pushed it open,” Gareth began to explain, aware that their relationship was still on thin ice, and he couldn't afford to make things worse. 
Elisa gave him a sidelong glance without uttering a word, leaving Gareth unable to fathom her current mood. 
However, he was certain of one thing. Elisa wasn't severely mad at him. 
Otherwise, he would've been locked out of the house that day. 
Nevertheless, her treating him like a stranger wasn't a standoff Gareth wanted to last. Gareth decided to take the initiative to initiate the conversation. “Do you have some free time now? Why don't we take a walk outside? I can't let you keep misunderstanding me, can I?” 
Although Gareth was smiling, it was a bitter smile. 
Elisa's expression shifted slightly, but in the end, she did not refuse. 
After a while, she replied tersely, “Okay.” 
Gareth conscientiously went downstairs to wait while Elisa changed her clothes upstairs. 
Before long, the two of them went outside to take a stroll under the cover of night in the neighborhood. 
That was supposed to be a very romantic occasion, but both of them had their own thoughts. As a result, the vibe between them wasn't romantic at all. 
Instead, it was actually quite awkward. 
Having walked around the neighborhood for quite a while, Elisa could only feel her face stinging from the biting night breeze. 
She arched her eyebrows as a scarf enveloped her. 
Gareth's unique faint scent lingered on the scarf, making her feel as if she was in his embrace. 
“Thanks.” Elisa didn't refuse. That could be considered the first step in breaking the ice between them. 
From that point on, Gareth started to open up and talk. “I'd like to tell you about how I met Kaylee.” 
Elisa always felt that the atmosphere was a bit strange. Their topic of conversation was a bit strange, too. It was as if they were a newlywed couple taking a walk, and the husband was coming clean about his first love. 
Of course, they were not newlyweds, and Kaylee was not Gareth's first love. 
Elisa nodded, signaling him to continue speaking. 
Gareth took a deep breath and said, “The day I went to find you, I met an old man. I told him that Rachel had given me the location of the factory, and he happily agreed to take me there.” 
Elisa nodded. No wonder Gareth arrived so quickly even though Rachel didn't tag along. 
Immediately after, Gareth continued, “However, the old man suffered a sudden stroke and died on the way. Before he passed away, he entrusted me to take his granddaughter out of the mountains. You're also aware that the people living in these mountains belong to a minority ethnic group. This group has a tradition of marrying within their own community to preserve the purity of their lineage... even to the point of marrying close relatives.” 
Ultimately, it was simply because Gareth couldn't get on board with that tradition. 
Those people treated women as birthing machines and disregarded their willingness. 
Elisa was somewhat moved. This is probably Kaylee's background. 
Seeing that Elisa showed no signs of resistance, Gareth continued, “The old man didn't want to trouble a complete stranger, but if we don't take Kaylee away, her father will marry her off to a very old elder in the clan as a mistress next week.” 
With a raise of her eyebrows, Elisa realized something. It was the combination of gratitude and a tragic past that had prompted Gareth, a man who usually never meddles in others' affairs, to intervene this
time. After all, Gareth is certainly not the kind of person to help when he witnesses an injustice. A businessman like him values profit more than friendship. 
###chapter1965
Chapter 1967 A Little Disappointed
If a person seeking help were to block his path, he might just put an end to their pleas himself. 
So, just based on these, it made Elisa believe that Gareth would meddle in other people's affairs... 
It was really difficult. 
“Of course.” Gareth spoke, his gaze fixed on Elisa's side profile. “I agreed to take her with me because she volunteered to impersonate Hannah.” 
Realization dawned on Elisa. 
So, he did all that because of me then? 
Gareth looked at Elisa, wanting to speak but hesitating. 
In the end, he asked, “Are you still unhappy now?” 
Elisa shook her head, her expression serious as she said, “I've never been upset because you wanted to take her away. I just—” Elisa didn't finish her sentence, leaving her thought that Kaylee was quite strange unspoken. 
Because it was merely a speculation, she didn't want to cause harm with unfounded accusations. 
And so, changing the subject, Elisa said, “I just don't like being interrogated and doubted. If you trust me, then don't question me.” 
Gareth knew she was talking about the things that happened before they set off. He realized he had been too impatient. 
“I've believed in you from the very beginning. We've weathered so many storms together, how could I possibly not trust you?” 
Elisa nodded, and the misunderstanding between the two was finally resolved. 
Sometimes, sitting down quietly and having a conversation could solve many problems. 
Often, people carry themselves with a temper coupled with pride and arrogance. 
So, things would become complicated. 
Sitting down and having a calm conversation like this would save a lot of trouble. 
Gareth just felt a bit disappointed. 
He was disappointed that jealousy was not one of the reasons Elisa was upset. 
That's okay... there will be a change in the future. 
Elisa didn't know that Gareth was currently pondering on how to make her jealous in the future. If she knew, she probably wouldn't have forgiven him so quickly. 
After resolving the issue, the two didn't continue their stroll but instead chose to return home. 
When Elisa woke up early the next day, a surprise was waiting for her. 
When the door was knocked, Elisa and Gareth were having breakfast. 
As usual, Gareth prepared the breakfast, but what was different this time was that Elisa had prepared some medicinal diet. 
That was something that was prepared for Gareth every day when the two of them were stranded in the small fishing village. The medicinal diet was for the maintenance of his health. 
His wounds hadn't fully healed, and they were further aggravated by the incident in the small fishing village. 
Just as Elisa was about to finish her meal and was watching Gareth take his medicinal meal, the doorbell rang. 
Without thinking, Gareth got up to open the door, but Elisa held his hand and gestured for him to sit down. 
Immediately after, she went to open the door. 
Gareth stared at the spot where their skin had just touched in a daze. 
The moment Elisa opened the door and saw the person on the other side, they both froze. 
One didn't expect that it would be Elisa who opened the door, while the other didn't expect that the visitor would be Kaylee. 
Kaylee had changed out of her ethnic wear and slipped into a designer winter outfit. It wasn't the latest trending style but a design from a few years back. 
Elisa had sharp eyes. The clothes she's wearing are probably mine. It must be the clothes I left behind in the house. She sure helped herself to my clothes. 
When Kaylee saw Elisa, the sweet smile that had been plastered on her face gradually faded, freezing at the corners of her mouth. 
She simply blurted out, “Elisa.” 
With that, she didn't wait for Elisa's response and started to squeeze her way into the house. 
When leaving, she even bumped into Elisa. It was unclear whether the bump was intentional or not. Despite her skinny figure, it hurt when she bumped into Elisa. 
###chapter1966
Chapter 1968 Discerning Deceivers
Rubbing her shoulder blades, Elisa followed and walked in. 
When Gareth looked up and saw Kaylee, a clear trace of displeasure swept across his eyes. I don't understand why this woman had no sense of propriety. 
Seeing the undisguised disgust in Gareth's eyes, Kaylee was taken aback for a moment. However, she quickly regained her composure as if nothing had happened. 
Quite naturally, she pulled out the chair Elisa was sitting on and sat across from Gareth. 
Since only two people usually lived in this house, there were only two chairs placed around the dining table. 
As soon as Kaylee entered, she instinctively made herself at home, leaving Elisa with no choice but to stand at the side, leaning against the door frame and watching. 
Elisa was unsure whether Kaylee was being intentional or not, but the latter began to share her impressions of the big city after her arrival, acting as if nobody was watching while grasping Gareth's arm. 
In the end, she didn't forget to play the sympathy card one last time, too. 
“Gareth, I know it's all thanks to you that I was able to escape from the deep mountains, to escape the predetermined fate of the women there. I will always be grateful, and I will pray for your good health for the rest of my life.” 
Kaylee seemed to be wearing makeup too. The blush on her cheeks added a hint of innocent charm to her appearance. 
Her big eyes, adorned with false eyelashes, twinkled enchantingly. 
She was indeed very captivating and aggressive in her advances, but she was dealing with Gareth, who was impervious to all kinds of seductions. 
Her tactic seemed entirely superfluous. 
Gareth ruthlessly pulled her hand off him, then said with a poker face, “I was merely fulfilling your grandpa's wish, and this is also because you helped me save Liz. You don't need to be overly grateful.” 
As expected of Gareth, the expert at discerning other's deception. He managed to almost bring Kaylee to tears with just a few words. 
And with every additional word he spoke, Kaylee's expression turned another shade darker. 
Overtly and covertly, he was telling Kaylee that he merely helped her because she helped rescue the person he wanted to save and that taking Kaylee in was simply because he was fulfilling her grandfather's wish. 
Therefore, Kaylee shouldn't overthink. 
Upon hearing everything, Kaylee almost burst into tears. 
Elisa sat leisurely to the side with her legs crossed, watching Kaylee with anticipation, wondering what
other tricks the latter had up her sleeve. 
She was so immersed that she didn't pay attention to Gareth's term of endearment as he called out to her. 
“Liz.” 
Only when Elisa was called out did she realize that Gareth was calling her. 
Gareth smiled at her and said, “The medicinal diet today was a bit bitter. Could you add some sugar next time?” 
Elisa rolled her eyes where Kaylee couldn't see. When did I start preparing this medicinal diet differently? He was able to drink even more bitter-tasting ones without so much as a frown. All this talk now is just a show for Kaylee's benefit. 
However, since Elisa didn't like Kaylee either, she just went with the flow and played along with Gareth. 
Her voice was cheery, sounding very pleasant. “Okay. I'll add sugar for you next time.” 
Knowing that Elisa understood his intentions, Gareth contentedly started to clean up, ready to wash the dishes. 
The tacit understanding between the two of them needed no words. 
That was also an established convention. 
Both of them didn't particularly enjoy having a maid around to disturb them. Hence, apart from daily cleaning and a thorough cleaning once a week, there wouldn't be a housekeeper at home the other times. 
Therefore, both of them took care of everything, from cooking to washing dishes. 
Before, Elisa did everything on her own. Now that Gareth was here, he insisted on doing the chores. 
Things had changed since then. 
Upon Kaylee's arrival, she had been the one to busy herself with the chores, so she said, “Gareth, how can I let you do these things? In our tribe, these are tasks meant for women.” 
Having said that, she rolled up her sleeves and started tidying up, casually asking, “Gareth, are you feeling ill? Why do you need to consume a medicinal diet?”
###chapter1967
Chapter 1969 Phony Woman
Unable to hold back, Elisa burst into laughter. She's really a phony woman, always ready to throw herself at men when given the chance. Without any help, she'll just jump onto a man. Such dedication... How admirable! 
It was clear that Gareth was getting a bit impatient, his words causing Kaylee's face to become incredibly expressive. 
“So, is that why you're trying every possible way to leave your tribe? If you've left the tribe, you should change completely. It's not just about changing your clothes and appearance, but also your mindset. Otherwise, what's the point if you physically leave the mountains, but your thoughts are still trapped inside?” 
Kaylee opened her mouth, but she couldn't utter a single word. 
Gareth's comments were so harsh that Elisa didn't even have a chance to speak. 
Following closely, Gareth then said, “You needn't trouble yourself over my health.” 
Kaylee initially thought the previous comment was the harshest, but she didn't expect even harsher words were yet to come. 
She watched as Gareth busied himself tidying up while Elisa naturally took a seat nearby to rest. 
Under normal circumstances, she would definitely have made a sarcastic remark. 
However, Gareth's demeanor had intimidated her into silence, leaving her no choice but to sit quietly
and properly by his side. 
Perhaps it was really Gareth's words about her mindset that stung. 
Elisa could clearly feel Kaylee's discomfort increasing significantly. 
However, those were not matters of concern for Elisa, who was engrossed in watching the morning news. 
It seemed that Kaylee was still not giving up, wanting to ask her what exactly was wrong with Gareth's health and if there was a wound somewhere. 
Elisa looked at her, puzzled by her somewhat excited demeanor. Is it really such an exciting thing that Gareth has a wound on his body? 
She didn't want to engage in further conversation with Kaylee, so she instinctively distanced herself. Kaylee's actions only confirmed that her suspicions were correct. 
So, without even lifting her eyes, Elisa said, “If you want to know, you can ask Gareth himself. As a doctor, it's my duty to protect the privacy of my patients.” 
A trace of embarrassment crossed Kaylee's face, with a hint of resentment hidden in her eyes. 
Elisa noticed, but she didn't care. 
Once Gareth had finished tidying up, the two of them were ready to leave for work together. 
Kaylee clearly didn't want to waste that great opportunity, so she stood up and said, “Gareth, I just arrived here, and I don't understand anything. Indeed, my mindset hasn't changed yet. It's my fault.” 
Gareth didn't speak, nor did he look at her. 
Elisa raised an eyebrow, finding it interesting that the phony woman could be both flexible and resilient. 
“So, I aspire to become a strong, independent woman like Elisa. Of course...” Kaylee lowered her head, a bit embarrassed. “I also hope to find a partner as open-minded as you.” 
That seemed to be hinting at Gareth. With a smile tugging at the corner of her lips, Elisa silently watched, wondering what kind of trouble Kaylee might stir up. 
After a great deal of preamble, Kaylee finally got to the point. “I want to work in the company and earn my own money. I can't expect you to support me for the rest of my life, Gareth.” 
In actuality, it wasn't a tough task supporting Kaylee financially, but her words were prone to wild speculation. 
Gareth glanced at Elisa, who finally nodded in agreement. 
It seemed as though some unknown communication had taken place between the two. 
Feeling excluded and watching Gareth in perfect harmony with another woman was extremely uncomfortable for Kaylee. 
Kaylee was clutching the hem of her skirt so tightly that her nails were almost digging into her flesh. 
###chapter1968
Chapter 1970 Officially Starting Work
That feeling was like waiting for a judgment. Every minute and every second was filled with anxiety. 
In the end, Gareth nodded slightly. “It's good that you want to work. I won't stop you. Take a clerical position at Liz's company, maybe a middle management role.” 
The smile on Kaylee's face suddenly froze. She thought she was going to Gareth's company instead, but she couldn't afford to stir up trouble. She could only stiffly nod her head. 
Kaylee looked at Elisa, almost gritting her teeth as she said, “In that case, I'll have to trouble you, Elisa.” 
With a smile tugging at the corner of her mouth, Elisa didn't bother with the usual pleasantries. Having someone around who doesn't understand anything can indeed be quite troublesome. Especially when this person is Kaylee. Why did I agree to let Kaylee work at my own company when I disliked her so much? Well, it's safer if I can keep an eye on her. 
Kaylee was fully committed to acting, indicating that she was fine with starting from the grassroots level. 
Elisa just smiled without saying a word. 
This matter was settled as such, but in reality, none of the three parties were very satisfied. 
Yet, it was the best solution they had at that moment. 
The three individuals split into two groups, each heading to their respective companies. 
Kaylee followed behind Elisa, her gaze lingering on Gareth with longing, hoping that he would turn around and look at her. 
Perhaps it was the power of prayer, but just as Kaylee was about to leave, Gareth called out to her. 
Kaylee looked at Gareth with a surprised and flattered expression. 
He pointed at Kaylee's clothes, “These clothes—” 
Before Gareth could finish his sentence, Kaylee asked with a coy expression, “Do I look good?” 
Gareth was momentarily at a loss for words. He paused, ignoring the previous topic, and said, “These clothes belong to Liz. I will have Thomas pack them up and bring them back. After work today, you can go buy some clothes you like. There's a shopping mall right next to Liz's company.” 
After finishing his explanation, Gareth didn't pay any attention to Kaylee's astonished expression. He simply said goodbye to Elisa and left. 
Only Kaylee was left standing in the original spot, her face a picture of embarrassment that she couldn't hide. 
It was understandable. She was originally prepared to accept the praise, but unexpectedly, Gareth's comment left the eloquent Kaylee at a loss for words. 
Elisa was desperately trying to suppress the corners of her mouth from turning upwards, striving to speak to Kaylee without any emotional fluctuations. 
“Get in the car.” 
Kaylee watched as Elisa walked away, her faint smile lingering. She clutched the hem of her skirt. One day, I will seize everything that belongs to Elisa and claim it as my own. The wealth, status, respect from others, and Gareth's love will all ultimately belong to me, Kaylee. Elisa will be left with nothing! I swear that day will come! 
After getting in the car, it started moving smoothly. 
Elisa closed her eyes to rest. There was nothing much she could advise Kaylee. After all, Kaylee was just an intern at the grassroots level. With Bella diligently guarding her, it should be difficult for Kaylee to stir up trouble. 
As they were nearing the company, Elisa asked Kaylee if she wanted to walk a bit of the way because if they were to enter the company together, Kaylee would definitely be labeled as someone who got in through connections. 
Surely, there would be some favoritism, but there would undoubtedly be a fair amount of behind-the- scenes chatter as well. 
Kaylee's eyes swept around. No matter how I look at it, the pros outweigh the cons. I can get things done under the name of Elisa. Moreover, without Gareth around, I don't have to pretend. 
###chapter1969
Chapter 1971 Who Is That Lady
With a gentle smile, Kaylee excused herself, “I accidentally sprained my ankle when I ran away the other day, and it hasn't healed yet.” Therefore, that was the excuse she chose to not to get out of the car. 
Elisa wore a smile that didn't reach her eyes. She knew all too well whether Kaylee had sprained her ankle that day or not. 
Speaking of this matter now, it was simply a reminder to Eliza that Kaylee was indeed her lifesaver. 
A mocking curve tugged at the corner of Elisa's mouth. 
She absolutely despised being blackmailed using favors. 
So, when they got out of the car, Elisa was the first to head towards the company. Kaylee was left standing alone and became the subject to the scrutiny and speculation of many onlookers. 
This made her feel as if she was standing in the center of a storm. 
Even though they might not have any ill intentions or say anything offensive, no phony woman could handle such situation. 
While speaking, they would occasionally steal glances. To someone like Kaylee, who already had an inferiority complex and came from the mountains, it felt more like mockery and contempt. 
With a swift move as if she had grease under her feet, Kaylee quickly caught up with Elisa, albeit in a
somewhat disheveled manner. 
Little did she know, the people behind her bore no ill will. They were merely pondering about her relationship with Elisa. 
“Is this the new employee? Who is the lady who came with Ms. Benett? How come I've never heard about her before?” 
“They must be quite close, right? Ms. Wickam has never come to work with Ms. Benett before.” 
Ever since Elisa returned from the small fishing village, she had come to understand Bella's loyalty and capabilities. 
Before long, Bella was promoted to deputy CEO, in charge of HR and Finance besides her department. 
All three were the elite departments of the company. To say that Bella was Elisa's favorite in the company was no exaggeration. 
Clearly, the newcomer brought by Elisa had caught everyone's attention, and they couldn't help but start making comparisons. 
“That's different. Ms. Wickam has already taken the seat as deputy CEO. Can others even compare to her?” 
“Well, didn't you notice that when Ms. Benett left, she didn't even wait for her? I'd say they're not on the best of terms.” 
... 
There were various views and everyone had their own perspective. 
At that moment, a cold, ruthless voice echoed, causing a few people to shudder in fear. 
“Why are you all analyzing this instead of working? Shall I report this to Ms. Benett?” 
A chill ran through them, their bodies stiffening like they were frozen. 
A few of them slowly regained their senses and upon seeing Bella who had no expression, they let out a startled cry and quickly rushed into the elevator. 
Bella couldn't help but chuckle as she watched the group flee in disarray. 
At the same time, curiosity about this Kaylee also arose in her heart. 
Who exactly is this lady who came with Elisa? 
Can she really measure up to me? 
To be honest, Bella felt a bit upset. 
In the meantime, everyone was discussing about someone who got lost in the building. 
As Kaylee was chasing after Elisa, she had already taken the CEO's private elevator to the top floor. 
And there she stood, foolishly rooted to the spot, unsure of what to do next. 
Before long, those who were just outside gossiping had all walked back in. 
Fortunately, they didn't say anything more, but glancing at her occasionally. 
Kaylee felt even more embarrassed. 
Luckily, Elisa had no intention of leaving Kaylee behind just like that. 
After all, if I've promised Gareth something, I will follow through. Otherwise, I wouldn't have agreed in the first place. 
So, before long, a receptionist respectfully escorted Kaylee to the office she was supposed to go to. 
She was directly interviewed and entered the HR department.
###chapter1970
Chapter 1972 Special Treatment
On this matter, people in the department had heard one or two rumors. Especially after knowing that Kaylee was somewhat connected to Elisa, they became even more attentive and eager to please her. 
While some people could see that the relationship between the two wasn't as harmonious as imagined, there were still those who tried to curry favor with her. They were simply hoping to use Kaylee as a stepping stone to get close to Elisa. If that trick was successful, they would achieve rapid success instantly. 
Thus, there was no shortage of people trying to bootlick Kaylee. 
A male colleague asked her if there was anything she wanted to eat, so he could order it for her. 
Shortly after, a female colleague asked her if she wanted to have iced coffee, and they ended up ordering together. 
At first, Kaylee was somewhat uncomfortable and politely declined each offer. 
Later, she understood that these people were trying to please her for their own reasons, and so she accepted their offer without worries. 
So, in less than half a day, everything went smooth sailing for Kaylee in the department. She was treated like a queen. 
By right, given her current status as an intern, tasks like buying meals, getting coffee, running errands, and picking up deliveries were all part of her responsibilities. 
However, they were all taken care off by volunteers. 
Kaylee even found a few little followers for herself. Her day was really comfortable. 
Bella had also seen that. 
All morning, Kaylee neither studied the information required to be a HR personnel, nor did she think about improving her own abilities. 
She spent the whole morning basking in the flattery. 
The people in her group practically hadn't been working much, so their work efficiency was low. 
Kaylee's matters were their priority. 
It was simply outrageous when someone even gave Kaylee a massage while she was taking her afternoon nap. It was just absurd! 
When Bella briefly reported the situation to Elisa, she was flipping through the quarterly report, not even bothering to lift her eyelids. 
How should I put it... as I have expected? 
I initially took her in thinking she was just a good-for-nothing, but I never expected this useless prick to start throwing her weight around and even forming cliques. 
I thought people living in the mountains are very simple? 
Elisa ignored Kaylee, but Bella couldn't stand it. 
She said, “How can you let her abuse your credibility like this? Those who don't know might think you condone this. Isn't this damaging your reputation?” 
Elisa shrugged indifferently, “Let her be, I don't expect her to contribute anything to the company. As long as she doesn't tarnish the company's reputation or harm its interests, you don't need to worry about her.” 
Bella was clearly a bit dissatisfied. Fortunately, the next sentence from Elisa made her feel much better. 
“However, feel free to assign her any tasks. She's here to work, not to enjoy herself. As long as the others see you treating everyone equally, her current privileges will soon disappear.” 
Upon hearing these words, Bella felt much better in his heart and nodded in response. 
Elisa raised her eyes, blinked, and asked, “Is there anything else?” 
Bella shook her head. 
“You may go then.” 
Bella bit her lip, and immediately left the office. 
However... the reason Elisa didn't fuss over Kaylee's doing was because she was magnanimous. 
If it were up to me, I wouldn't be so magnanimous. 
As soon as she returned to the office, Bella immediately called for Kaylee. 
Kaylee felt a bit nervous. She had heard early on that Bella was Gareth's cousin, and they had a good relationship. Therefore, naturally, Kaylee also wanted to leave a good impression on her. 
However, Bella worked at Elisa's company, which indicated that their relationship was much better. 
She was worried about encountering some kind of setback. 
###chapter1971
Chapter 1973 She Has Created Trouble
However, it turned out that she was overthinking it. 
Bella simply called her over to ask if she had the basic professional knowledge to handle the interview in the afternoon. 
First, Kaylee let out a huge sigh of relief. Then patted her chest to show that she was definitely up to the task. 
Bella knew that Kaylee came from the mountains, naturally she didn't believe her, so she specifically asked, “Are you sure?” 
It's just an interview after all. If you can pass by answering a few questions, then one naturally will. Isn't it all about who writes a better resume? 
In order not to lose face in front of Gareth's cousin, Kaylee agreed without hesitation. 
Bella was rather skeptical, so reluctantly relayed the information. 
It was precisely Kaylee's overconfidence that ultimately led to disaster. 
... 
“Your company is really foolish, huh? What kind of Mickey Mouse operation hires such an HR?” 
“Insulting someone? I'm not insulting a human!” 
“Are you so foolish that you can't even take a bit of criticism? I don't know where this nepotism came from, but you'd better hurry back to your family. You're really getting on my nerves.” 
... 
There was a commotion in the Human Resources department, as if a dispute had erupted. 
Bella had a bad feeling, so she quickly walked over. 
At the center of the crowd stood a tall figure, around six feet one in height. He was casually dressed, donning a down jacket, sweatpants, and sneakers. He exuded youthful vitality, and his hair was styled in a trendy perm. 
There was a teardrop-shaped mole at the corner of his eye and the tip of his eyebrow. It was a feature that was incredibly captivating. 
In short, he was a handsome male university student. Of course, he was the type who had taste and high expectation. 
He was in a standoff with Kaylee. 
The male university student was clearly more articulate than Kaylee's. 
With just a few words, he left her speechless. All Kaylee could do was point at him with a trembling hand. 
“You...” she stuttered, unable to find her words. She was about to resort to her old tactics of feigning
vulnerability, so she squeezed out a couple of tears, ready to use her “authority” to have him thrown out. 
The university student, a young man full of vigor and vitality, immediately became upset upon hearing this. 
“No need. I can walk on my own. But who would have thought that Benett Corporation has fallen to such a state? They can't even afford a decent HR.” 
The man's words were incredibly rude. 
Without uttering another word, he turned around and headed for the door. 
As they passed by Bella, the two exchanged a glance, and it seemed as if everything around them had slowed down. 
Just as the man was about to leave, Bella stopped him. 
“Mister, please hold on a moment.” 
Upon hearing this, the male university student stopped in his tracks and looked at Bella. 
Bella was taken aback by his gaze, then she gave him a smile. 
“Apologies for any inconvenience. I'm the person in charge here. This HR representative is new to our department, having just started less than half a day ago. If there are any issues, we kindly ask for your understanding.” 
Upon hearing this, the man's face lit up with sudden realization. 
Tears welled up in Kaylee's eyes. She never expected that Bella would disregard her so easily with just a few words. 
Bella didn't care about what she thought as maintaining the company's image was the most important thing. 
Besides, she was just stating a fact and it was just as she stated. 
The university student snorted coldly, casting a somewhat contemptuous glance at Bella. 
“You're so young. In fact, you look even younger than me. Are you sure your words hold weight? Or are you just another rich girl from some family out there to experience life?” 
Bella couldn't help but laugh. 
Judging by their ages, she was probably about four or five years older than this university student. 
Yet, he claimed to look even younger than his actual age. 
Regardless of whether it was the truth or lies, Bella found this young man quite interesting. 
“I'm not kidding. I'm in charge here. Just tell me if there's anything you need.” Bella laughed sincerely from her heart. 
###chapter1972
Chapter 1974 Mike Durham
Only then did the university student believe Bella, and he walked towards her. 
As for Kaylee, she was desperately trying to stop it perhaps out of a guilty conscience. 
“He has no respect for our company at all. What's the point of hiring someone who stays but doesn't follow orders?” Kaylee's voice was somewhat sharp. Her finger that was pointing at the university student trembled slightly. 
She looked around, hoping that those who had previously flattered her would step forward and say a few words. 
Unfortunately, no one stepped forward to speak... 
Buttering up Kaylee was for the sake of Elisa. 
But Bella and Elisa had a great relationship, and Bella was also the deputy CEO of the company. 
One was deputy CEO of a company, and the other one was an intern. 
The difference in status was simply a world of difference. 
Anyone with discernment knew which side to choose. 
Kaylee felt a sense of despair, along with a touch of resentment.
Bella ignored her, wondering why Elisa would be so wary of such a naive and sweet girl. 
She is simply brainless. 
Bella didn't deal with the mess. She got the university student and returned to her office. 
The university student followed suit and left, but not before casting a smug glance at Kaylee before he departed. 
The latter was so furious she could hardly breathe, yet she was helpless. All she could do was watch, wide-eyed. 
At the same time, she understood a fact. I must gain power. 
A deputy CEO alone is enough to suppress me. 
What about facing Elisa? 
What chances of success do I have? 
It's about time to get closer to Gareth... 
Inside the office, Bella settled into her seat. Without waiting for an invitation, the university student naturally plopped down in a chair across from her. 
He looked around at the decor, generously offering his own assessment. 
“Good taste.” 
Bella chuckled lightly. She did not want to fuss over such trivialities with him. 
She asked, “What is your name?” 
The university student took out his resume and placed it on the table, then tilted his chin to signal Bella to take a look. 
Bella didn't get angry. She picked it up and started reading it seriously. 
Her gaze first fell on the column labeled “Name.” 
Mike Durham. Bella raised her eyebrow. Oh, we went to the same school. 
Then, she looked at his major. It fitted the job very well. 
He had gained numerous certificates and received many awards in school. 
He was a few years older than she had imagined. 
After graduating from university, he went abroad to further his studies, and continued in the same major. However, he also minored in psychology, bagging a dual degree at the master's level. 
In reality, he was only about one to two years younger than her. 
The resume was indeed excellent and very suitable for this position. 
One could even say that it would be a waste of talent if he were to start off as a grassroots employee. 
In an average company, this resume would at least qualify for a director-level position. 
And Mike simply chose to become an intern at a venture capital firm. 
It's quite a surprise. 
Bella put down the resume, looked at Mike, and said earnestly, “I've reviewed your resume. It's excellent and fully meets the job requirements. In fact, it has... exceeded our expectation. May I ask why you only want to be an intern?” 
He is more that qualified for the job, but he wants to be an intern... What is he thinking? 
Mike shrugged and spread his hands, appearing somewhat indifferent. 
“Start from the grassroots level, learn the management model of big companies. Then I can start my own business in the future.” 
Bella paused for a few seconds and laughed when she realized he wasn't joking. 
“I've never seen someone who wants to learn from others secretly act so brazenly. Aren't you afraid the company won't hire you? Some things you say are too blunt. It's better for you to have some understanding on ways of the world.” 
Mike curled up the corner of his lips. “To be honest, with an HR like that woman in the company, I never planned on joining.”
###chapter1973
Chapter 1975 Suspension And Investigation
Bella was taken aback, feeling somewhat dissatisfied. 
“Then why did you still come to the office for a discussion?” 
Mike laughed mischievously. 
“Just to prove that your company's HR is blind, and lost a promising talent. That's all.” 
Having said that, Mike stood up, dusted himself off, and turned to leave. 
Bella called out from behind, “Your resume!” 
Mike waved his hand without looking back. “I don't want it. Just appreciate it. Next time, don't let such a brain-dead HR conduct any interview.” 
Bella stood still, and laughed involuntarily. What a character! 
However, this incident had indeed served as an alarm for Bella. 
This Kaylee is not only illiterate, but also loves to show off. 
She could have declined the task. I had given her the opportunity and even asked her. 
But she confidently stated that she can manage. 
After the task was assigned, she could also humbly seek advice. As the saying goes, a sword
sharpened at the last minute can still be used. She could have saved us from the embarrassment. 
Besides, she also loves autocracy. 
At the time of the interview, there were two other experienced interviewers there. Yet, Mike was still offended under such circumstances. 
This clearly shows that Kaylee must have been abusing her power at that time, taking advantage of her status to act arrogantly. 
Bella simply couldn't stand people like her. 
Immediately, it was announced that Kaylee was to be suspended for investigation. 
This was the first time an employee had been suspended on the first day of work. 
There was no response from Elisa. Since Kaylee was assigned to Bella's department, the latter was given full authority to manage the staff. 
Everyone then understood that Kaylee's background might be fake, so they no longer treated her with the same respect as before. 
In just half a day, Kaylee had fallen from being the apple of everyone's eye to hitting rock bottom. 
The intern, just starting her job, was immediately suspended for inspection. Her chances of becoming a regular employee were almost zero. She was the first one to experience this. 
In just half a day, the tone of their conversations took a turn. It shifted from praise to disparagement. 
“I've been saying she's not related to Ms. Benett, but you guys wouldn't believe me, would you? When Ms. Wickam first arrived, even Mr. Grayson, didn't like her, but didn't she still get a promotion and became the deputy CEO? Kaylee only started as an intern and was suspended not long after, so how could she have Ms. Benett's backing?” 
“You know, Ms. Wickam really knows her stuff, unlike this Kaylee. She seems to know nothing and yet has quite a temper.” 
“That's why I said she's not related to Ms. Benett. How could someone like her possibly have such a dim-witted relative?” 
... 
Kaylee, hearing those rumors and gossip, naturally wouldn't accept them. 
She slammed the table, stood up and shouted, “Have you all had your say? What a bunch of meanies who add insult to injury.” 
It seems these people have forgotten how they were fawning over me this morning. 
Now they're gossiping about me. 
Kaylee couldn't bear this injustice any longer. Then, she stormed directly into Elisa's office in a huff without going through the secretary. 
At that time, Bella was reporting the progress of the project with Elisa, along with a group of team members from the project, when Kaylee barged in so nonchalantly. 
And then came a barrage of pointed questions. 
“Why am I being suspended? Is this some kind of personal vendetta? You clearly promised Gareth that you would take care of me, and this is how you do it? Elisa, you really have no tolerance for others!” 
After venting her frustrations, Kaylee felt much better. 
Several members of the project team exchanged glances, each looking at the other, wishing they could bury their heads in the ground. 
Did we overhear some secret we shouldn't have? 
###chapter1974
Chapter 1976 Elisa Lectures Kaylee
“Ms. Benett... How about we leave first, and you take care of your matters?” 
The project team's director was a very shrewd person, so she was thinking about making an exit at this time. 
Elisa shook her head, signaling them to sit down. 
The expressions of the group were as tense as sitting on pins and needles. Their gazes towards Elisa were also quite complex. 
The last time someone dared to speak to Ms. Benett in this manner were Paul and Rochelle. 
It's just that both of them are now... 
With this in mind, their gazes towards Elisa carried a bit more sympathy. 
Kaylee, however, didn't care about all that. She just wanted to cause a big commotion. 
Look at her. Does Elisa have no shame at all! 
Elisa looked at her calmly, not showing any signs of anger, and appeared to be quite approachable. “Tell me,” she said, “what's bothering you? Where do you feel you've been wronged?” 
Before Kaylee could speak, Elisa added, “I forgot that you don't know the rules, so you don't know where you went wrong, right?” 
A wave of paleness washed over Kaylee's face. Elisa was undoubtedly using her background against her, which was Kaylee's deepest source of insecurity. 
Elisa was not the type to poke at others' pain points. It was just that Kaylee didn't know her place. 
To put it bluntly, she got carried away. 
Elisa already had a poor impression of her. With her causing such a fuss, resulting in the company losing a talented individual, Elisa naturally wouldn't show her any pleasant expression. 
Elisa closed the documents on the table, set them aside, and propped her chin with her hand. “You've entered the human resources department which is a relatively less intense department where it doesn't require you to do overtime. As a new intern, your superiors have already asked if you can handle the tasks assigned. It's your urge for quick success and lack of self-awareness that was the problem. That's the first point.” 
Elisa stood up and walked over to face Kaylee. 
Unknowingly, Kayleen took a half step back. 
“There are procedures to do interview, and a single interview typically involves three interviewers. You were acting high-handedly earlier and disregarding the process while prioritizing your personal desires over the company's interests. That's the second issue.” 
Each and every one of these were mistakes that were explicitly forbidden by the company rules and regulations. 
Kaylee made a lot of mistakes. 
It was already quite considerate to have her suspended for investigation instead of dismissing her outright. 
The rest of the people in the office hung their heads, some feeling a bit relieved. 
Ms. Benett hasn't treated us so brutally. At least she's good-tempered. 
If one encountered such a spectacle, it would be strange if one's legs didn't turn to jelly. 
Kaylee opened her mouth, but she was unable to utter a single word. Only her eyes welled up with tears again. 
Elisa didn't mind one crying. After all, there were moments when one wanted to cry. 
But crying had never been a solution to problems, it was merely a way to express emotions. 
Clearly, Kaylee's crying was intended to serve the former purpose. 
There was really nothing much Elisa could say to her. 
She said, “Take today's events as a lesson, go back and reflect on your actions. Then submit a 5000- word report. I will personally review it. If it passes, you can come back to work. If not, don't ever come back. Your tears have no effect on me...” Leaning in, Elisa spoke in a voice only the two of them could hear, “You can also choose to complain to Gareth, but my decision will not change. Otherwise, you can quietly be a freeloader. If you want to return, you must do as I say.” 
After she finished speaking, Kaylee took a half step back. Her gaze was fixed intently on Kaylee, as if trying to see right through her. 
For some reason, Kaylee always felt like there was nowhere to hide whenever she faced Elisa. 
It seems like nothing can escape her gaze. 
This feeling is very uncomfortable. 
###chapter1975
Chapter 1977 The Gathering
Kaylee cried and ran out. 
Bella cast a somewhat worried glance at Elisa and asked, “Could something go wrong?” 
Elisa disagreed, “What could possibly go wrong? She's an adult, and she should take responsibility for her own actions.” 
Upon hearing these words, Bella no longer dwelled on the issue. 
She wasn't genuinely worried about Kaylee, but rather, she was afraid that if anything happened to her, the responsibility would somehow fall onto Elisa's shoulders. 
Since Elisa had put it that way, it did make sense. Furthermore, she didn't feel like dealing with Kaylee anymore. Not only would it add to her mental stress, but it was also a burden. 
With that, they continued discussing the progress of the project together. 
It must be because of the example set by Kaylee, everyone became surprisingly enthusiastic and serious when they carried won with the discussion. 
In fact, they were even more serious than before. It was mainly because they were afraid that Elisa would treat them with that kind of attitude... 
So, they were surprisingly efficient today. 
Before leaving, the project director, who was the girl previously in Bella's position, didn't forget to give Elisa a big thumbs up. 
Although it was quite terrifying when one had to face such a situation, it was rather satisfying to watch. 
It was a bit like those scenes in novels where the female lead broke down the facade of a phony woman with just a few words. Those words were quite powerful. 
Elisa smiled and didn't say a word. 
She didn't really intend to teach Kaylee lesson. 
Before she took the initiative to get involved, Elisa hadn't even considered dealing with this matter. 
She was busy every day, keeping a close eye on the overall operations of the company, and steering the wheel. Hence, she didn't have time to deal with these trivial matters. 
Moreover, each department and each manager had their own responsibilities. Elisa tried her best not to interfere within their scope of authority giving them with ample freedom. 
This also made them feel more comfortable with work and managing staff. 
Perhaps this was why those capable and experienced executives prefer to stay with Benett Corporation. 
As Bella was about to leave, she was stopped by Elisa. 
She said, “There's a party tonight. Shall we go together?” 
This was Rachel's plan, and she even invited Gareth. She probably didn't invite Vincent, but he would always find a way to do so. 
Elisa also wanted to introduce Rachel and Bella to each other. 
On one hand, it was out of self-interest, as both were people she trusted deeply. 
On the other hand, it was due to work. 
Rachel was very proficient in the legal knowledge in this business. Last time, it was thanks to her that both Paul and Rachel were sent to prison. 
So, it was a good thing that Bella could communicate with Rachel at any time. 
After some thought, Bella nodded. 
“Shall we head back to Wickam Manor together after the party? Grandma has been aware of this matter and hasn't been sleeping well for several days.” 
Elisa felt somewhat guilty when she thought of Julia. 
It was her lack of awareness that had caused the old lady to worry again. 
After much difficulty, I finally returned from the small fishing village. It seemed like good days were ahead with the malignant tumor successfully removed. But then, I was kidnapped and almost sold... 
One could only imagine the fear and anxiety Julia went through. 
After some thought, Elisa shook her head. 
“I'll call Grandma to console her. I won't be going back tonight. It'll be too late, and I don't want to disturb her rest.” 
Bella nodded, winking at her and said, “Then you'd better hurry up and make a call. Grandma has been really worried lately. She's afraid that you haven't come to your senses yet, and she is also afraid that she might disturb your work, so she hasn't called.” 
Elisa nodded. 
After Bella left, Elisa dialed Julia's number.
###chapter1976
Chapter 1978 The Formal Meeting
The call to Julia was quickly answered, but it was Maria picked up the phone. 
“Ms. Benett, I'm so glad you finally called. Madam Smith will definitely be delighted when she wakes up!” There was a hint of excitement in Maria's voice. 
With a smile tugging at her lips, Elisa asked, “Is Grandma resting now?” 
“Yes, ever since you were taken away, Madam Smith hasn't had a good rest. It was only after knowing you were safe that she could finally rest.” 
Elisa nodded, instructing Maria to take good care of Julia. Then, she assured that she would visit Julia later with Gareth. 
After finishing the message, she finally hung up the phone. 
At the same time, she was also reflecting on herself. 
Grandma is already in such an old age, yet we're still causing her to worry about me. From now on, I need to consider the consequences when taking action. It's not just about thinking of my safety, but also considering those whom I care about and those who care about me. 
Thinking about this, Elisa couldn't help but anticipate that today's gathering should be quite interesting. 
When it was almost time to get off work, Rachel sent over the address. 
They went to the large food stall they often visited, with Elisa bringing along Bella. 
By the time Elisa arrived, Rachel and the two guys were already there. 
The three individuals, dressed in incredibly lavish attire worth seven-figure, sat at a street food stall. No matter how one looked at it, the scene was undeniably odd. 
Yet, there was a strange balance that made things look rather normal. 
Perhaps it was because, even though this place was a street-side food stall, it was kept very clean. It didn't look dirty, messy or anyone making a racket nearby. 
Apart from Gareth, all were unfamiliar faces, which made Bella seem somewhat restrained. 
Elisa pulled her to sit down and began introducing everyone one by one. 
“Allow me to make the introduction. This is Rachel, a very good friend of mine.” Elisa stood up and started introducing Rachel to Bella. 
With a light heart, Bella raised his wine glass, her smile radiant. 
“So you're Rachel. Elisa often mentions you.” 
Rachel also liked Bella very much, and stood up to return the toast. 
The two of them sat together, feeling as if they had met each other too late. 
It was all because Rachel really liked the scenery, culture, and charm of Juxshire, and Bella was
originally from Juxshire. 
This was also why Bella's character was gentle. 
It was not because she was afraid of inviting trouble or timid. 
That was simply the characteristic of the people from Juxshire. 
The girls there spoke softly and gently. 
However, after spending so much time with Elisa in the company, Bella had shed her naivety and some of her gentleness. She had become efficient and decisively assertive. 
But she maintained her kind, patient and understanding nature. 
That was no wonder Rachel liked her. 
Seeing the two of them chatting so comfortably, Elisa finally felt at ease. 
Next up was to introduce Vincent. 
With a sense of self-awareness, Vincent stood up holding a glass in his hand, and began to introduce himself. 
“Hello, I am Vincent Shane. I work as a lawyer. I am a friend of Ms. Markee.” 
Upon hearing that, Rachel on the side rolled her eyes so hard, they could have almost reached the sky. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances, seeing the hint of laughter in each other's eyes. 
Bella sarcastically drawled, “Oh——” with an exaggeratedly long tone. 
And just like that, they had officially met each other. 
Rachel had already ordered the dishes, and they were served one by one. 
Beside them was the menu. Rachel picked it up and handed it to Bella. 
“Take a look and see if there's anything else you'd like to add. Elisa doesn't need anything else, I've already ordered everything she likes.” 
Upon hearing this, Elisa smiled, her lips pursed. 
###chapter1977
Chapter 1979 A Happy Gathering
Bella ordered a few of her favorite dishes, and in no time, all the dishes were served. 
Rachel suggested that everyone take a photo together. 
Everyone agreed without any ions. 
The cellphone was handed over to the waiter. 
The five of them shifted around and sat in a row. 
The two men on the farthest sides were Gareth and Vincent. 
Naturally, next to Gareth sat Elisa, who was sitting beside the host, Rachel. 
Beside Rachel sat Bella, who seemed slightly ill at ease. 
Vincent sat next to Bella. 
The moment the shutter clicked, the gazes of Elisa and Gareth unintentionally met. 
Vincent's gaze swept past Bella and landed on Rachel. 
Only Rachel and Bella were looking directly at the camera. 
But the one thing everyone shared was a genuine smile on their faces. 
After taking the photos, they ate together. 
The meal was enjoyed in peace and harmony, without talking about work or the bothersome Kaylee. 
They chatted about some interesting events recently. 
The main point was Vincent was the one who told the stories and everyone was listening. From time to time, they laughed sincerely from the heart. 
... 
They had eaten quite a lot, and it was about time for everyone to leave. 
Bella went to the bathroom, and Rachel went to settle the bill. 
Elisa felt a bit dizzy from her drinks, and was carried away by Gareth first. 
As they were leaving, they were still muttering about getting together again next time. 
A faint smile tugged at the corners of Gareth's lips, knowing she must also enjoy gathering with her good friends. 
Otherwise, she wouldn't be this happy. Hence even someone who didn't usually drink had gotten herself drunk. 
Gareth was contemplating when to set up another gathering. 
He carried Elisa, and walked slowly as if he was holding his entire world in his arms. 
Because she was only gentle and obedient when she was asleep. 
Vincent waited for Rachel right where he stood. 
Rachel wanted to leave with Bella, but she didn't know why she left early. 
Vincent's lips curled up in a smirk watching Bella walk out alone. 
It seemed that Bella could read the room very well. 
Indeed, she didn't want to be a third wheel, so she left on her own. 
A total of five people came out to dine, and there were two couples. Bella shook her head as she was a bit of helpless. 
Bella was in good spirits today, so she chose not to take a cab home, but to walk instead. 
The cool breeze blew, dispersing much of the alcohol effect. 
If I go home at this hour, Grandma will surely be asleep. But I also don't want to wake up tomorrow morning feeling all hungover. 
As Bella was walking, she stumbled upon a group of people fighting at a street food stall. 
She initially didn't want to meddle in others' affairs and intended to leave directly. 
But upon seeing the face of one of them, she stopped in her tracks. 
That person was none other than Mike. 
He stood alone, facing five or six burly men with tattooed arms. Just looking at them was enough to make one's heart quiver. 
He seemed not the least bit afraid, but standing tall and straight. It was as if he was ready to charge and fight that group of people at any moment. 
After much contemplation, Bella furrowed her brows and decided to step forward. She positioned herself between the two groups of people. 
Four or five burly men looked at her in confusion, whispering among themselves, “Does anyone know her?” 
Bella didn't care in the slightest, she just winked at Mike. 
Only then did he recognize that the person in front of him was the deputy CEO of Benett Corporation. 
But there was no excess emotion on his face, as if he was looking at a stranger. 
“Miss, we have some private matters to attend to. Please don't stand here for we don't want any innocent bystanders to get hurt.” The group of burly men were surprisingly polite, wanting to clear the area before they started their fight. 
Bella chuckled, but did not move.
###chapter1978
Chapter 1980
Chapter 1980 We Meet Again 
Instead, she stood in front of Mike, smiling as she sized up the group of people. 
“This is our employee, and since I’ve seen it, I have to check the situation naturally. I wonder why you all have to resort to this method to settle the matter?” 
Mike looked at Bella’s, his gaze filled with a sense of complexity. 
Those few people exchanged glances, each could see surprise in the others’ eyes. 
The one leading the group, likely the boss of this bunch, spoke up, “Miss, we’re just here to do a job we’ve been paid for. It’s best if you don’t get involved.” 
Bella listened to the other party’s words, half threat and persuasion, without any intention of backing. down. Instead, she asked, “Oh? How much did you get paid? I’ll pay you double. As I said before, this gentleman is an employee of our company, so I won’t stand by and do nothing.” 
The leader started to laugh, and a few others joined in. Their laughter was deafening, filled with unabashed mockery. 
The person leading the group sized up Bella. 
“Young lady, it’s clear that you’re inexperienced and unfamiliar with the rules of our trade. What we value most is one thing: trust. It’s not as simple as you hiring us…” At this point, his tone shifted dramatically, and he said menacingly, “Young lady, I’m warning you one last time to leave quickly. Otherwise, when the fighting starts, we won’t take responsibility if you get hit.” 
Immediately after, someone taunted Mike, “What’s the matter? Are you just good at hiding behind.
women?” 
The group of people burst into laughter again. 
Bella looked at Mike, his face filled with an expression of worry and loss. It was a stark contrast to the domineering sharpness he displayed this morning. 
He looks more like a little puppy abandoned by its owner in winter. 
He shouted at Bella, “You should leave. This is my own business. Besides, I’m not really an employee of your company.” 
Bella slightly raised her eyebrows, speaking with a confident tone, “You will be soon.” 
The group of people didn’t want to waste any time, and with that, they were ready to charge forward. 
But Bella casually glanced at her phone, and it was unmistakably on the 911 page. 
What followed was the sound of an alarm. 
Those people looked around cautiously, unable to determine the direction of the siren. They could only scurry away with their heads in their hands. 
It was at this moment, Bella took Mike’s hand and started to run while pulling him along. 
“What are you waiting for? Run, now!” 
Bella’s hair fluttered in the wind. From this angle, all that could be seen was her resolute profile and the top of her head.
The wind howled in its pursuit, but it couldn’t catch up with them. 
For the first time, Mike experienced a different kind of emotion. 
Several burly men gradually realized that the alarm was set off by Bella. Then, they chased after them. while cursing and grumbling. 
As Bella saw that the distance between them decreased steadily. 
Shea pulled Mike with her as she turned the corner. 
The two of them hid outside a doorway, where a pillar conveniently concealed their figures. 
The few burly men who were chasing them found them disappeared suddenly. They looked at each other with faces filled with confusion.. 
Bella, with one hand still holding onto Mike, looked outside with a vigilant expression. 
Only after making sure that everyone had left, she finally let out a sigh of relief and began to gasp for air heavily. 
“How did you offend those people? Didn’t you just graduate?” Bella asked, catching her breath.. 
Mike didn’t say a word, his face was just very red. He kept staring at their hands where the two of them were connected. 
Bella only realized that after following his gaze.
###chapter1979
Chapter 1981
Chapter 1981 Joining The Company 
I can’t believe I’ve been holding his hand this whole time. 
After realizing it, Bella immediately let go of his hand. 
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to,” Bella explained sincerely. She was in such a hurry earlier that she did not. have time to react. 
Mike shook his head to indicate he was fine, though his face was a bit flushed. 
Suddenly, Bella wondered, Is this the first time he is holding a girl’s hand? 
But, she did not ask as the matter at hand was not very important. 
“What’s going on between you and them?” Bella could not help but ask. Judging from Mike’s demeanor, he did not seem like the type to stir up trouble. 
Why would he get mixed up with those thugs? 
Mike gave a bitter smile. “It’s a long story. It’s about family matters… I don’t want to talk about it right now. Is it okay if I don’t?” 
Perhaps it was because Bella had saved him once. That was why Mike’s manner of speaking was no longer as harsh as before. He was polite and even sounded more like a college student. 
Bella naturally showed respect. 
“If you don’t want to talk, then don’t. But can you try not to be so straightforward in the future? If I hadn’t cracked a joke, were you really planning on fighting them?”
Mike did not say a word. It was clear that that was his plan. 
Bella felt that this college student had quite a few secrets and was also quite straightforward. 
If he did not want to talk about it, then she would not insist. 
Seeing that the time was about right, those people should have gone far by now. 
Bella casually patted his arm. “It’s getting late. You should rest and head back as soon as you can. I’ll be going now. When you encounter such situations next time, there’s no need to be so stubborn. Otherwise, who will come to your rescue?” 
Having said that, Bella was about to leave. 
After much hesitation, Mike finally mustered the courage to call out to her from behind. 
“Wait!” 
Bella turned around and looked at Mike with a somewhat puzzled expression. 
Mike hesitated several times before finally gathering the courage to say, “You mentioned earlier that I am an employee of your company…” 
Upon hearing that, Bella waved her hand dismissively. “Isn’t it just an excuse to brush them off? Otherwise, I’d really be sticking my nose where it doesn’t belong.” Having said that, she looked at Mike 
< 
with a serious expression. “You’re not bothered by it, are you?” 
Mike shook his head seriously and stared at Bella as he said, word by word, “What I mean to ask is, does our agreement still stand? If it does, I can officially start work tomorrow.” 
Bella was a bit slow to react. 
After her brain had processed the information, she gave a small laugh. 
Unexpectedly, her meddling turned out to be right. The talent who was driven away by Kaylee returned in 
a strange way. 
Regardless of whether he was motivated by gratitude or guilt, he was a talented individual. Bella would naturally welcome him and have made her stance clear. 
“You’re interviewing for an entry-level position, so start from the ground up. If you do well, promotions and raises will naturally follow. The doors of Benett Corporation are always open for you.” 
After saying that, Bella extended her hand. “Pleasure working together.” 
Mike looked at those hands of hers. They had been holding each other’s hands just a moment ago, so he knew very well how warm they were…. 
Mike extended his hand, and their hands clasped tightly once again. He began to speak with an easy demeanor. 
“I look forward to working with you.” 
And so, the two of them reached an agreement.
The next day in the bathroom, Kaylee had not yet arrived at the company, but Mike, who had been driven. away by her, reported to work. 
Bella specifically instructed the human resources department to make Mike’s entry process a very easy 
one.
###chapter1980
Chapter 1982
Chapter 1982 After The Hangover 
So, the next day, Bella saw Mike at his workstation. 
He looked completely different from his disheveled state the day before when he was being chased around. Now, he was dressed in a sharp suit, and his hair was meticulously groomed. 
He now looked more like a professional working man than a college student. 
“Good morning.” 
When Bella pa*sed by, she greeted him, and Mike responded in a voice only the two of them could hear. 
With a light heart, Bella lifted the corners of her mouth into a smile and left. 
Mike kept his gaze fixed on her retreating figure. He was unsure of what he was looking at. 
On Elisa’s side, it seemed like it had been a long time since she had such a hearty drink and truly relaxed. 
The following day was a rare occasion to indulge in a lie-in. By the time she got out of bed, it was already nine o’clock. 
Gareth was preparing breakfast. 
After hastily freshening up, Elisa descended the stairs to see Gareth, clad in an apron, preparing breakfast. She found herself at a loss to describe her feelings. 
It was quite strange, but there was absolutely no disgust from her end.
“Good morning.” 
Gareth looked at Elisa, a gentle smile reflected in his eyes. 
Elisa could not help but respond with a “Good morning.” 
Gareth gestured to her. “Come sit down and wait for breakfast.” 
Elisa clutched her jacket, and as she snapped back to reality, she wanted to refuse. 
“No, I still have to go to work.” 
Gareth shrugged his shoulders. “Well, you’re already late. It’s only for a day. You’re the boss, so no one’s going to criticize you.” 
Still, Elisa wanted to leave. 
Since starting work at Benett Corporation, apart from pre-arranged occasions, there had basically been no instances of her being late. 
Even when she was sick, as long as she was not bedridden, she would still go to work. 
Elisa had always adhered to a philosophy: “Be strict with others, but even stricter with oneself.” If she wanted others to follow the rules, then as a leader, she must set a good example by strictly adhering to the 
rules herself. 
Gareth was the same. He rarely arrived late. 
|||
Perhaps that was why both of their companies were doing so well. 
Knowing Elisa all too well, Gareth had no choice but to compromise. 
“All right, all right. At least, you can wait for the toast to be ready and take it with you to work, right?” 
After all, it was a thoughtful gesture from Gareth. She wondered how early he must have gotten up to start. preparing. A few extra minutes would not hurt. With that in mind, Elisa nodded, sat down at the dining. table, and waited for the toast to be ready. 
Gareth was ready with the sauce and ingredients. He planned to make a sandwich. 
Leaning her chin on her hand, Elisa looked at him and suddenly asked, “Did I black out from drinking yesterday? Why can’t I remember anything?” 
As she spoke, Elisa rubbed her throbbing temples. Indeed, a hangover never ended well. 
Gareth chuckled lightly. “Yes, I was the one who brought you back in the end… But it was Mrs. Wickam who changed your clothes.” Clearly, he added the last part to avoid any misunderstanding from Elisa, 
Elisa nodded. Even though she did not know how Gareth had managed to bring her back, there was” bound to be some close contact. 
Gareth glanced at the remaining time on the toaster before handing Elisa a cup of water. 
“Here’s some water. Drink it first. Otherwise, you’ll have a headache again.” 
Elisa’s ears turned a slight shade of red as she awkwardly accepted it. Unfortunately, Gareth did not notice.
Ding! Along with the sound of the toaster, piping hot toast popped out. 
With practiced ease, Gareth a*sembled a sandwich, layering slices of cheese, ham, and lettuce between two pieces of toast. He then wrapped it in a paper bag and handed it to Elisa. 
After expressing her gratitude, she immediately left the house.
###chapter1981
Chapter 1983
Chapter 1983 Unusual Emotions 
Gareth stared at Elisa’s retreating figure, shaking his head helplessly. 
Right after that, he called the cleaner to return and tidy up while he got ready to head to the office. 
When Elisa arrived at the company, the receptionist seemed somewhat surprised. 
After all, it was rare for Elisa to be late. They even asked if Elisa was feeling unwell. 
Upon hearing that, Elisa was somewhat at a loss for words. Did she just ask if I have a headache after my hangover? 
She omitted the reason, simply stating that she wasn’t feeling well that day, 
The receptionist, with a concerned look on her face, kindly advised Elisa to take a good rest. 
As Elisa agreed, she touched her nose, feeling a bit guilty. What’s going on? 
However, before getting on the elevator, she overheard some juicy gossip while the receptionists were chatting. 
“The college student who was previously dismissed by Kaylee started his job today. Apparently, he was specially recruited by Ms. Wickam. Not only is he very capable, but he’s also tall and handsome…” 
After listening halfway, Elisa chose not to continue indulging the girl’s crush. 
After pressing the elevator button, she went upstairs. As she pa*sed by the department where Mike worked, she made sure to take a look at him. He’s quite a handsome young man. What’s this? Has someone finally found love?
When Bella came to give the report, Elisa couldn’t help but ask about Mike’s situation. 
Bella simply said that she happened to run into someone and lent a hand, and then he was invited to the company. 
Elisa knew things weren’t as simple as they seemed, but she just smiled and didn’t ask any further. In the company, every senior executive has their own rights. It’s not like everything is up to me. 
Admitting someone out of the ordinary is no big deal, especially when that person wasn’t some sort of relation but an outstanding student. Naturally, Elisa wouldn’t have anything to say about it. 
Bella felt grateful that Elisa didn’t dig deeper into the matter, yet she couldn’t help but think of Kaylee’s situation. “Kaylee must have heard that Mike has come to the company, and she’s going wild on social. media. She’s insinuating that she wanted this person to join the company, saying things like he’s your old flame and such… 
Elisa raised an eyebrow, not particularly concerned about such matters. If she truly has the courage and evidence, she is more than welcome to dance her way to me for confrontation or whatever she pleases. Yet, she could only vent her emotions on social media, hiding behind the screen to express her feelings like a pitiful creature. 
“It doesn’t matter. Let her say whatever she wants. If anyone believes her, it just shows they’re not too bright,” Elisa replied. 
Bella’s mouth twitched slightly. When it comes to being aggressive, Elisa takes the cake. In just a few words, Kaylee’s behavior is called clownish. 
1: 
“By the way. Mike?” Elisa teased, giving Bella a meaningful look.
Bella spread her arms and shrugged. “I simply wanted to retain talent for the company. I ran into this situation by chance and lent a hand, so here he is.” 
Elisa nodded with a smile. Perhaps even Bella herself hadn’t noticed the way Mike looked at her. It was so intense Well, apart from that scumbag of a fiancé, Bella’s romantic experience is virtually non- existent. Moreover, from past lessons, it’s clear that Bella’s judgment of men isn’t quite sharp. 
Elisa didn’t want to force things along, so she decided to just let nature take its course. 
Bella packed her things, ready to leave. As she was about to go, she remembered her grandmother’s words “Grandma has invited you over for dinner today. Are you free?” 
After some thought, Elisa nodded.
###chapter1982
Chapter 1984
Chapter 1984 Harmony 
Bella smiled. “Grandma will definitely be very happy to know. She was quite upset yesterday when you called, and she didn’t pick up. She was grumbling about everything at home. One moment she was complaining about why Maria didn’t wake her up, the next moment, she was questioning why you only called once, and then she was blaming herself for sleeping at that time.” 
At first, Elisa found it quite amusing, but upon careful reflection, all that was left was a sense of melancholy. 
Elisa also understood what Bella wanted to express. 
“Don’t worry. We’ll go home together after work today,” Elisa said. 
Bella nodded, then finally left. 
After watching Bella leave, Elisa picked up her phone and succinctly informed Gareth about the situation., 
The response from the other end was swift. 
Gareth replied: I’ll fetch you from your office in the evening. 
The response was succinct, so he was probably busy dealing with matters at the office. 
Elisa couldn’t help but chuckle as she recalled the image of him wearing an apron. 
The three of them returned to Wickam Manor together in the evening. 
Upon hearing the news, Julia was so delighted that she couldn’t stop smiling. She was outside waiting for. them to arrive.
Maria was at the side, earnestly advising. “Madam Smith, it’s quite windy outside. Perhaps we should wait 
indoors.” 
Perhaps it was true that the older one got, the more they became like a child. Julia widened her eyes upon hearing that. “I’m in great health. What are you on about? Do you think a little wind can make me sick?” 
After much anticipation, the three finally arrived. 
Julia immediately changed her tune when she said. “So you’ve finally arrived? You have no idea how long I’ve been waiting for you outside. It’s unbearably cold out there.” 
Maria just stood by, smiling. 
Elisa and Bella exchanged a glance, and each took one of Julia’s arms, supporting her as they walked inside. 
Gareth resignedly followed half a step behind, with Maria trailing behind him. 
As Elisa walked, she said, “Grandma, the wind outside is indeed strong. You don’t have to wait for us outside next time. Have you forgotten that you still need to take care of your health? Don’t take it lightly just because you’ve been feeling better recently.” 
Upon hearing that, Julia gave Elisa’s hand a gentle pat, her eyes crinkling in a smile. “All right. I’ll do as you say, Liz.” 
Bella clicked his tongue and said, “Indeed, Grandma only listens to Elisa.
Even 
care of her health on a regular basis, she refuses to listen.” 
we tell her to take 
After speaking, Bella turned to Elisa and said, “Elisa, you should call more often to keep an eye on Grandma. She doesn’t listen to anyone else.” 
Julia gently tapped Bella’s forehead with her finger, chuckling and scolding. “You little rascal. You’ve even learned how to be a smooth talker.” 
Elisa understood and grasped the meaning of Bella’s words. 
Hence, she agreed and said, “All right. I will definitely call Grandma regularly to keep an eye on her.” 
With that, they arrived at the dining table, and everyone took their seats. 
Julia sat in the main seat, with Elisa to her immediate left and Gareth sitting close beside her. 
The first one on the right was Bella. 
Normally, considering his status and familial relations, Gareth, as the eldest son, would be seated at the first spot on the left. 
Yet, he was willing to sit beside Elisa instead, help her add more dishes, and peel the shrimp. 
Julia looked and simply smiled. 
In no time, the bowls in front of Elisa piled up like a mountain. 
Feeling a bit embarra*sed, Elisa glanced at Julia and Bella, who both wore teasing expressions on their
-faces. 
With a fake smile, she leaned toward Gareth and whispered, “Stop serving me more food…”
###chapter1983
Chapter 1985
Chapter 1985 A Visit 
“There is so much food! Are you trying to turn me into a big fatso?” asked Elisa. 
Gareth looked at her with a smile. “How could that be? No matter how much you eat, you won’t gain. weight.” 
Elisa was stunned for three seconds. 
Bella put down her fork and rubbed her arm, complaining. “I’m getting goosebumps.” 
Gareth raised an eyebrow. “Really? Then you should eat less. Look at how much weight you’ve gained.” 
Bella still didn’t want Julia to make the decision. “Grandma, look at how Gareth is talking about me. I won’t dare to eat anymore.” 
Julia was overwhelmed with joy. Is this what they mean by family bliss? 
After that, a housekeeper came to relay a message, saying that there was a young woman outside looking for Gareth and Julia. 
Almost instantly, Elisa figured out who that person was. 
She exchanged a glance with Bella, both tacitly choosing not to speak.. 
Julia asked, “Who is it?” I don’t recall having any dealings with the daughter of an affluent family in recent years. Additionally, it’s quite rude of her to visit at this hour. What could be so important that she needs to visit us during mealtime? Can’t we even eat in peace?
Julia directed her question at Gareth, who had a vague idea of who she was referring to. He glanced at Elisa, who was engrossed in eating her food, showing no particular expression. 
However, Elisa didn’t seem as enthusiastic as before, which he a*sumed was because she was angry. 
He said, “It’s like the woman from a minority ethnic group who helped out when we were rescuing Liz 
before.” 
Julia’s expression shifted when she heard it was Elisa’s savior. 
However, both Elisa and Bella didn’t seem to be in good spirits. 
As such, Julia had a feeling about what was going on. 
Moreover, regardless of the circumstances, showing up uninvited at mealtime was a matter of a lack of basic manners. 
“Oh, so you haven’t made proper arrangements yet?” True to her superior status, Julia got to the heart of the matter in just a few words. Her final question commanded respect without her getting angry. 
She, who once commanded great respect, still retained her impressive aura from the past. 
Gareth shook his head. “I’ve already taken care of everything. I even found a place for her to live. She’ll be working at Liz’s company.” 
Julia’s gaze fell on Elisa, as if she was asking a question. 
||| 
1/
Elisa nodded. “However, her professional competence is a bit questionable, so she’s currently suspended. I really don’t know why she’s here.” 
Bella chimed in from the side, “What else could she be here for? She’s obviously here to ask Grandma for support.” 
Elisa had already spoken in a very tactful manner. 
In reality, it wasn’t a matter of professional competence that was the issue. It was clearly a problem with Kaylee’s character. 
Even though Kaylee wasn’t capable, she was eager for quick success and forming cliques. 
Interns being suspended for inspection was something that had never happened before. 
Most interns would tread carefully and work diligently when they joined the Benett Corporation. It was because they feared that if they underperformed in any way, they’d be outshone by their fellow interns. 
Kaylee, on the other hand, seemed to be there just for a good time. Not only that, she also managed to stir up a huge mess as soon as she arrived. 
Bella couldn’t imagine how Kaylee had the nerve to show up. 
As a worldly-wise woman, Julia could discern Kaylee’s background and character from the expressions of the people around her. “In that case, let’s go meet her together.” 
Having said that, Julia instructed the butler to invite the guest in. 
That was the first time Kaylee had come to the mansion. When she originally followed Gareth there, she was already in disbelief.
She couldn’t imagine there was a place as beautiful as a castle on television in real life.
###chapter1984
Chapter 1986
Chapter 1986 Teasing 
Kaylee could hardly believe her own eyes. 
At the same time, her desire to become Mrs. Wickam grew even stronger. Being able to live in this place is a thousand times better than marrying that good-for-nothing cousin of mine! Besides, I was always the best in the village. Only someone like Gareth is a good match for me! 
With those thoughts in mind, Kaylee raised her head and followed the butler all the way to Julia. 
Only after entering did she realize what the saying “Not flaunting one’s wealth” truly meant. 
Selling any one of the murals and antique collections in the building would be enough to provide for an ordinary family for a lifetime. 
A glint of greed appeared in Kaylee’s eyes, which she believed she hid well. 
Unbeknownst to her, every single person before her was incredibly sharp. 
Arriving in front of everyone, Kaylee scanned the entire room, recognizing all the familiar faces. 
Only Elisa was not present. 
Kaylee was overjoyed. Could it be that Elisa didn’t come at all or had left early? Regardless, with Elisa absent, it’s the perfect opportunity for me to curry favor and tarnish Elisa’s reputation. 
The one in the master’s seat was an elderly lady, her appearance kind and benevolent. 
The silver-white strands of her hair did not conceal her charisma in the slightest..
Time never truly defeated a beauty. One could still vaguely see the old woman’s appearance when she was 
young. 
Though the old woman dressed simply, one could tell her outfit was far from cheap. 
As such, Kaylee presumed the old woman must be Julia. With a thoughtful heart, Kaylee politely greeted Julia. 
“Hello, Madam Smith.” Kaylee smiled sweetly, her eyes shyly glancing at Gareth.. 
However, Gareth wasn’t looking at her at all, which saddened her. 
Bella rolled her eyes at that. She truly doesn’t know her place, huh? We should have never agreed to bring her out in the first place. We should’ve just given her a million or two and sent her off. Whether she lives a good life or not after that, it’s her own business. After she entered the wider world, her horizons were broadened, but her status and abilitie didn’t improve. All it did was lead her to unrealistic ambitions. 
“Julia” did not respond to Kaylee, leaving the latter feeling somewhat awkward for a moment. 
Despite her kind and gentle appearance, Julia was surprisingly difficult to get along with.. 
Suddenly, Bella spoke up from the side, her tone playful. “Kaylee, why do you think she’s Madam Smith?” 
Kaylee glanced around, suspecting that Bella was probably setting a trap because the latter didn’t like her. 
However, she couldn’t just say it was because there was only an old woman there.
1 
She glanced nervously at “Julia,” but the latter’s gaze was somewhat sharp. It caused Kaylee to start sweating. 
Immediately after, she directed her pleading eyes toward Gareth. 
However, Gareth didn’t even look at her. 
Kaylee hung her head low, biting her lip in resentment. Even though Elisa is not here, why can’t his gaze fall on anyone else? 
“I…” She lifted her head, not forgetting to respond to Bella’s words. It’s because Madam Smith has the aura of a matriarch and because I instantly feel like old friends with her.” 
“Is that so?” Bella asked, her tone inscrutable. 
Kaylee nodded in agreement. 
Bella laughed. 
Just as Kaylee was still puzzled, a powerful voice rang out. “You hear that, Maria? This young lady says she instantly feels like old friends with you.” 
Right after that, Elisa was seen a*sisting an elderly lady as they walked over. 
As soon as Julia appeared, Maria immediately seemed weaker. 
Maria was too kind-hearted, giving off a vibe that she was easy to take advantage of.
Julia was different. The moment she stepped onto the scene, it became clear who was the one in power.
###chapter1985
Chapter 1987
Chapter 1987 Being Worldly Wise 
Kaylee felt her head spinning. 
So, the elderly woman being supported by Elisa is Julia. Did I just end up flattering the wrong person? 
Suddenly, her world turned dark, and her smile froze on her lips. 
Julia leisurely took her seat at the head of the table. She gently patted Elisa’s hand, signifying their close relationship. 
This made Kaylee’s face turn even paler. 
After Julia sat down, it was then that Maria laughed and said, “Well, that’s not true. It’s just that the young lady simply mistook me for you, Madam Smith.” 
Kaylee’s face was turning pale even more. 
Doesn’t this imply that I’m someone who curries favor for the sake of fame and fortune? 
So, Kaylee could only force a couple of awkward laughs, attempting to salvage her image. 
“No… That’s not it. I genuinely feel a connection with you.” 
Maria laughed, evidently skeptical, but chose not to call it out. 
But now, in this situation, calling it out or not wasn’t that important anymore. 
All those present grasped the situation without the need for verbal explanation; only Kaylee remained on the outside. 
Bella’s lips curled up in a smile, one that she couldn’t suppress even if she tried.
Kaylee felt embarra*sed, her face burning with shame. 
Fortunately, Julia didn’t ignore her. 
“Who are you?” she asked. 
Given the opportunity to speak, Kaylee naturally seized it. 
So, with a hint of shyness and hesitation, she said, “I-I am a friend of Mr. Wickam and Ms. Benett. We met in the mountains.” 
Kaylee was a smart woman. She didn’t emphasize that she was the one who saved Elisa’s life, but Julia would eventually find out about it, or perhaps she already knew. 
Sure enough, Julia curved her lips into a smile and said, “Missy, I’ve heard about you. You’re the one who saved Elisa’s life, aren’t you?” 
But Kaylee couldn’t muster a smile. 
The way Julia was holding Elisa’s hand was clear she was expressing gratitude on behalf of a younger family member to their savior. 
After everything Kaylee did, she was still an outsider. 
1 
Moreover, what was tricky was that the relationship between Julia and Elisa was surprisingly good… This is 
really a miscalculation on my part. I’m not sure if my future plans can proceed smoothly $ 
Kaylee’s face contorted and she uttered somewhat stiffly, “No need to thank
Julia changed the subject. “I heard that Gareth has already arranged everything for you, from a job to food and accommodation. What’s the matter, young lady? Is there something you’re not satisfied with?” 
In contrast, Julia always addressed her grandson by his name. 
Her favoritism toward Elisa was clearly evident. 
Now that Julia had posed the question like that, it made it even harder for Kaylee to voice it out. 
Julia had mentioned that Kaylee had a job, a place to live in, and money on her card. 
At this juncture, if Kaylee were to voice discontent, wouldn’t that be taking advantage of the situation, thereby solidifying her reputation as a self-serving and acquisitive individual? 
Thus, Kaylee found herself in a predicament where she could neither speak nor remain silent. 
The atmosphere became somewhat awkward for a moment. 
If it weren’t for the inappropriateness, Bella would have burst out laughing. 
The worldly-wise veteran truly lived up to her reputation. With just a few words, Julia first made Kaylee. feel exalted, and then abruptly brought her back down to the ground. 
This is really satisfying. 
Tears gradually welled up in Kaylee’s eyes as she looked at Gareth with a plea for help. 
Ever since Elisa arrived, Gareth’s gaze, had never left her. 
Kaylee bit her lip, filled with unwillingness. But she also understood that at this moment, she could only rely on herself.
“I’m truly sorry, Madam Smith. Due to my personality, I’m unable to perform the tasks Elisa has a*signed 
to me, so…”
###chapter1986
Chapter 1988
Chapter 1988 Upbringing 
Julia didn’t indulge her and spoke bluntly. “Does a person’s personality truly impact job performance?” 
Bella added fuel to the fire on the side. “It’s just that she looks down on being an intern and wants more power. So, she’s taking it out on the job applicants.” 
Kaylee shook her head. “No… It’s not like that.” 
“Then what?” Julia’s gaze was sharp as it landed on Kaylee. 
This made Kaylee feel exposed as if no matter what she was thinking, it would be laid bare in front of Julia. 
Kaylee stuttered, “I-I’m just not familiar with the workflow, so…” 
Julia raised her hand to interrupt her. 
She likely got the gist of what happened, and even if she didn’t, watching Kaylee stumble over her words, it was clear she was making things up on the spot. 
Kaylee was probably figuring out how to articulate in a way that Bella couldn’t easily refute while also cleverly shifting the responsibility away. 
The next step was probably to point out the job applicant’s bad attitude and whatnot. 
Julia honestly didn’t want to listen to any more of these attempts to dodge responsibility. 
“Just say it straight. What’s your purpose for coming?” 
Kaylee knew that Julia was impatient and she had messed things up.
“I came to submit my letter of reflection to Elisa, and I also want to return to work at the company. I promise that a similar situation will not happen again,” Kaylee said sincerely, walking over to hand the letter of reflection to Elisa. 
Yet, her gaze never left Gareth, who was standing next to Elisa. 
Elisa held the letter of reflection in her hands, remaining silent and noncommittal. 
How has she reflected? She’s just playing the victim. She could’ve either delivered the letter directly to the company or sent it to me online. 
Despite having so many other opportunities, Kaylee insisted on picking that moment to hand the letter 
over. 
Even Elisa understood this little scheme, so how could Julia not realize it? 
In contrast, Julia asked straightforwardly, “Did you come here just for this?” 
Kaylee nodded, then lowered her head somewhat sheepishly. “I was unable to submit it earlier because I caught a cold a few days ago. It contains ten thousand words. I have genuinely reflected on my mistakes. I hope you can forgive me, Ms. Benett.” Kaylee then coughed a couple of times, perfectly on cue. 
Elisa could tell at a glance that this was not an act. 
O 
||| 
No wonder she looks so pale… I must say that this woman is really tough on herself.
Elisa opened the envelope. Inside it was a letter that was densely packed with words. 
Julia turned her head slightly to glance at Elisa, then continued speaking. “Why can’t you wait until tomorrow to hand it in? Didn’t your parents ever tell you that it’s impolite to visit someone at mealtime? No matter how important the matter is, it shouldn’t be discussed at this time, let alone something trivial.” 
With every word Julia uttered, Kaylee’s face turned a shade paler.. 
Her voice was barely audible.. 
“I was just a bit too anxious as I was afraid that Ms. Benett might think I have a bad attitude.” 
“Well, I didn’t know that Ms. Benett is such a petty person?” 
Kaylee’s breathing stuttered. “N-No…” 
Julia nodded. “I also don’t think so. If that were the case, would an intern who made such a major fundamental mistake still be able to return to the company?” 
Kaylee finally understood. Julia was protecting Elisa in every possible way. 
She then nodded, looking as if she had suffered a great injustice. 
“I understand now. It won’t happen again next time.” 
After saying that, she was about to leave.
###chapter1987
Chapter 1989
Chapter 1989 Collaboration 
Julia withdrew her gaze, not even bothering to take another look. 
Bella gave a thumbs up from the side. 
Elisa’s gaze fell upon Kaylee, who was somewhat shaky and unsteady. 
“Three, two…” 
Gareth noticed that Elisa was murmuring something under her breath, and following her gaze, he looked Toward Kaylee. 
It was at that moment, Elisa counted to “one.” 
Kaylee fell down as if on cuc. 
All of this happened so abruptly, and no one was prepared. Unflustered, Elisa calmly instructed people to carry Kaylee into the guest room. 
Julia covered her mouth with a handkerchief, showing a hint of surprise. 
“What’s going on?” 
Elisa’s brows furrowed in concern. “She must have fainted because she hasn’t fully recovered from her pneumonia yet.” 
Julia glanced in the direction of the guest room and couldn’t help but ask, “Shouldn’t we take her to the hospital?” 
Bella was also nodding her head vigorously on the side.
This is an unexpected misfortune. There’s no need to deal with it. 
Elisa shook her head. “I’m afraid we don’t have enough time to get to the hospital now. Don’t worry, Grandma. I know what to do.” 
Upon hearing that, Julia finally felt at ease and only told Elisa to take it easy. 
Elisa nodded, then promptly headed to the guest room. 
Gareth followed closely behind. 
The two of them were walking, one in front of the other. 
“How did you know she was about to faint? Could it be that she was pretending?” Gareth couldn’t help b 
ask. 
Isn’t Elisa too terrifying? This is like mind-reading level. 
Could it be that she’s not only skilled in surgery but also excels in psychology? 
Elisa shook her head. “She’s not faking it. I saw her unsteady footsteps, her pale face, and her uncontrollable shivering. It suggests that her illness probably hasn’t improved, and she came here despi being sick.” 
Gareth gave a cold chuckle. “She’s quite tough on herself, isn’t she?” 
“Would she make it out of the mountains without being like that?”
After Elisa finished speaking, she entered the guest room. 
Gareth paused in his tracks, digesting what Elisa had just said. 
I can’t help but feel as if I have been overlooking something. Is that true? 
Furthermore, it’s a very important matter. 
When Kaylee woke up again, what met her eyes was a snow-white ceiling decorated in Epean style, a spacious bed, and Elisa. 
With her arms crossed, Elisa stood by the side, leisurely watching her. 
Kaylee let out a sigh of relief. It seemed she was still in the manor, which was good. 
Elisa noticed her sigh of relief, and her eyes narrowed slightly. 
“I’ve read your introspective letter. Next time, just concisely state the sequence of events, your mistakes, why they were made, and how you plan to resolve them if they happen again.” 
Of those over ten thousand words, seven to eight thousand are adorned with lavish and superfluous language. 
The writing appears impressive but lacks substance. As for her personal issues, are they simply dismissed with the statement, “I too have many shortcomings?” 
That’s clearly the most important point. 
Despite that, Elisa had no intention of making things difficult for her. 
After all, she fainted because of this, so how could she still criticize her?
Kaylee nodded without uttering a word. 
Elisa didn’t want to stay here any longer, either. The only thing she said was, “You should get some rest.” 
And then, she left. 
As Kaylee was left alone in the room, there was an almost mad determination in her eyes. 
It was at this moment a message from an unknown number popped up: How does it feel to move into Wickam Manor? 
When Kaylee received the message, her first instinct was to glance around, trying to see if there were any surveillance cameras or the like. 
Following that, she composed a short message and sent it over. 
Kaylee: Who are you? 
The other party responded swiftly as well: Your business partner.
###chapter1988
Chapter 1990
Chapter 1990 Reaching A Consensus 
Just as Kaylee was puzzled, a phone call came in. 
It was a private number. 
Without giving it much thought, she swiped to answer the call. 
The sound of electricity crackling came from the other end, but she could faintly make out that it was a 
woman’s voice. 
“Kaylee, congratulations! You’ve managed to stay in the Wickam family as you wish, but I’m afraid the good times won’t last long. Old Madam Wickam is sharp and observant; I doubt any demons or monsters. could escape her discerning gaze. Don’t you want to stay?” The woman’s voice was enticing. 
It seemed that the person was well-acquainted with Kaylee’s situation, probably because she had done her 
research. 
Or perhaps, there was a mole among the top scholars. 
But for Kaylee, these things were not the most important. 
What took priority was how she could stay. 
Kaylee didn’t rush to answer the other party’s question.
When one is unsure of who the other party is or what their intentions are, but they seem to have a clear understanding of me, it’s even more crucial not to be hasty. Stay calm and composed. Don’t let her read me like a book. 
After a brief pause, Kaylee finally asked. “Who are you? How do you know all this?” 
The person chuckled lightly. “You don’t need to know who I am. You just need to know that we are allies. If you want to be part of the Wickam fainily and want to become Mrs. Wickam, I can help you. We both have a common enemy.” The word “enemy” was heavily emphasized by that person. 
In almost an instant, Kaylee thought of someone. 
She tentatively asked, “Elisa?” 
“Exactly! It’s Elisa!” The person on the other end of the line seemed somewhat excited. 
Whenever she thought of Elisa, she wished she could flay her alive, strip her to the bone, and relish her flesh and blood. 
Kaylee was a bit startled, but once she gathered her thoughts, she readily agreed. 
I shouldn’t let this go to waste. 
This person is right. We do have a common enemy named Elisa. 
Then why shouldn’t we join forces and deal with her together? 
“What do I need to do?” Almost without hesitation, the two people reached a consensus and united front. 
person on the other end of the line curled up the corner of her lips, feeling satisfied with Kaylee’s
The 
choice.
###chapter1989
Chapter 1991
Chapter 1991 Closing The Distance 
After the call ended, Kaylee fiddled with the necklace she always wore. 
The venomous insect was hidden inside this. 
Originally, she was looking for an opportunity to slip it into Gareth’s body. 
That was also why she was so concerned about whether Gareth had been injured before. 
The venomous insects were very fragile, but if they encountered a wound, they could sense the smell of blood. 
Hence, there was no need to exert much effort. 
However, she reckoned getting close to Gareth would still be a problem. 
Perhaps that person was right. Julia was the one she should be targeting. 
Kaylee tightly gripped the necklace in her hand. 
In fact, it was not just a necklace, but also her trump card to defeat Elisa, and, perhaps, her future…. 
Lunchtime was the best opportunity for her. 
Elisa, Gareth, and Bella were all absent, leaving only Julia by herself. 
If not now, when would be the right time for me to get close? 
Hence, Kaylee got dressed neatly and applied some makeup but deliberately did not cover up her complexion, nor did she put on lipstick. All this was done to show her frail side.
It would also make Julia feel awkward to kick her out. 
At noon, in the dining room, even though Julia was the only one eating, there was still a balanced spread of over a dozen dishes. 
That was perhaps the reason why Kaylee was willing to put in so much effort and time to marry into the prominent family. 
Maria was the first to notice Kaylee, her expression somewhat displeased as she coughed twice. 
Julia lifted her gaze, and just then, she saw Kaylee. 
Looking elegant and indifferent, Julia simply said in a nonchalant tone, “Ms. Knapp, you’re awake.” 
Kaylee nodded, walking somewhat unsteadily until she reached in front of Julia. 
“I’m sorry, Madam Smith, for causing you trouble,” Kaylee said, looking truly regretful and self- reproachful. As she spoke, her head dropped, no longer looking at Julia. 
Or perhaps it was more accurate to say she didn’t dare to look at her. 
That was because Julia’s eyes were so sharp that they seemed to be able to see through everything. 
Kaylee couldn’t help but always feel like any little scheme one had would be exposed when it came to 
Julia, giving other people an immense sense of oppression. 
Julia put down her cutleries, and immediately, someone handed her a towel to wipe her mouth and hands, along with some water to rinse her mouth.
After she finished cleaning up, she finally spoke. “It’s no trouble at all. Having an extra pair of cutleries at home is not a big deal. However…” Julia changed her tone. “I’m just wondering, Ms. Knapp, how long do you plan on staying here? Is it going to be a long stay or a short one?” 
Kaylee could only feel her face burning up at that point. 
The implication in Julia’s words seemed to treat her more like a random stray that needed a place to stay rather than a human being. 
Since that was the case, there was no need for Julia to consider the other woman’s feelings or thoughts… 
Moreover, although Julia verbally insisted she wasn’t chasing anyone away, and there wasn’t a hint of impatience in her words, she had managed to thoroughly humiliate Kaylee in a subtle, unspoken way. 
Kaylee really found it hard to speak for a moment. 
However, thinking of the words spoken by the mysterious person, she felt like her bright future was just a month away. 
Therefore, she decided to put up with it all. 
Kaylee responded, “Madam Smith, I have a request. I’d like it if you’d allow me to stay and keep you company.” 
Julia didn’t expect Kaylee to be so straightforward, and she didn’t immediately reject the idea. Instead, she expressed her curiosity, “What’s your purpose for staying? To keep me company, or do you have another motive?” 
Julia’s words were quite blunt, leaving Kaylee feeling quite awkward for a moment.
Nonetheless, she bit the bullet. 
“Of course, to accompany you, Madam Smith. Initially, I thought about going back to work at the company. But as you can see, it might not be the best fit for me… and they don’t seem too keen on having me back.” 
Kaylee expressed herself very clearly and elegantly that she was not liked by Elisa.
###chapter1990
Chapter 1992
Chapter 1992 Manage To Stay 
Yet, she never considered why Elisa, as the boss, didn’t like her. 
It was all because of her eagerness for quick success and lack of foresight, only caring about showing off herself while completely disregarding the company’s interests. 
Julia, on the other hand, clearly knew everything, yet she didn’t expose it. 
She chuckled. “The company doesn’t welcome you, but what makes you think you’d be welcome here?” 
Kaylee’s expression changed for a moment. 
Yet, she quickly regained her composure. 
After taking a deep breath to calm her emotions, Kaylee said with a smile, “I know that Madam Smith is religious, and my family is also the same, so we should have some common topics. More importantly, Gareth and Bella are not often at home, so I can keep you company and entertain you. Moreover…” Kaylee seemed a bit shy, lowering her head. 
“Besides, my injury still needs more time to heal.” 
So that’s the reason. 
If Kaylee hadn’t stated her purpose, Julia would have thought everything she said earlier was just rubbish. 
When someone is kind to you without any apparent reason, it’s highly likely that you are their aim.
But Kaylee provided a purpose that didn’t sound farfetched and could stand its ground. That considerably eased Julia’s guard. 
I guess Gareth simply couldn’t ignore this woman. After all, she had indirectly saved Elisa’s life once. 
Whatever troubles that may arise in the future, they’d be not only incessant but also appalling. It might even catch the other party off guard. 
It’s better to keep her under my watchful eye so she can’t stir up much trouble that way. 
At this point, Julia had no idea how brutal the consequences of her decision would be. 
As a result, she gently nodded, deciding to let Kaylee stay. 
And so, the latter’s goal was achieved, and she wasn’t far from her ultimate goal. 
In the evening, Elísa and Gareth did not return. Only Bella came back alone. 
Originally smiling, she walked while looking at the things in her bag. “Grandma, on the way back, I noticed that the orange trees were bearing fruits. These flowers smell so good. I heard they also have a calming effect, so I specifically picked some to bring back. If you put them by your bed, they might help you sleep…” 
Bella’s words abruptly came to a halt, and her smile froze awkwardly. 
That was because she saw Kaylee. 
The latter was dressed in a plain white sundress, her hair intricately braided. Her appearance was simple 
111
O 
yet elegant, reminiscent of a divine maiden, untouched and pure, seemingly oblivious to the ways of the 
world. 
She stood atop the steps, leisurely gazing at Bella. From her elevated perspective, her gaze seemed to carry a hint of disdain. 
“Just hand over the stuff to me.” Her demeanor and tone would make one think that she was the matriarch of the household if they didn’t know better. 
Bella was somewhat bewildered, unsure of how Kaylee could speak with such confidence. 
When she saw Kaylee at the dinner table, she was still somewhat dissatisfied. 
“So, Ms. Knapp, haven’t you recovered yet?” 
Kaylee paused just as she was picking up some vegetables, appearing somewhat awkward. 
She then shook her head slightly, flashing a weak smile. “It’s probably my chronic illness that had developed way before in the mountains acting up again. The new injuries, coupled with the old ones, have taken a toll on my internal organs, so…” 
Bella nodded slightly. Her next question was straightforward. “So when are you leaving?” 
Kaylee felt a bit embarra*sed. She glanced at Julia, but the latter seemed to have no intention of standing up for herself.
All she could do was swallow the bitterness in her mouth and force a smile onto her face. 
“I… I’ll stay and keep Madam Smith company.”
###chapter1991
Chapter 1993
Chapter 1993 Humiliation 
The hand that Kaylee used to hold the fork had turned pale, showing the immense strength she was applying. 
She secretly made a vow in her heart. 
The day the offspring insect enters Julia’s body will be the day these people can no longer be complacent. 
Bella put down her fork, turned to Julia, and with a slightly coquettish tone, she said, “Grandma, are you implying that your granddaughter is boring? Can’t I keep you company?” 
Before Julia could respond, Bella spoke again. “When you asked me to move back here, it wasn’t like this. You said that once I returned, you wouldn’t be bored. Having someone to talk to is always good. Who would have thought that you’d grow tired of your granddaughter so quickly?” 
With a smile, Julia tapped Bella’s forehead affectionately and said, “Stop being a monkey, causing a fuss here. Don’t you know the basic etiquette of not talking while eating and before sleeping? Ms. Knapp is your sister-in-law’s lifesaver, and now she has nowhere to go. It’s only right for us to take her in.. When have I ever said I was fed up with you?” 
Based on Julia’s response, it seemed as if Bella was being scolded for her lack of manners, but wasn’t it also implying that Kaylee lacked manners as well? By addressing Elisa as Bella’s sister-in-law, her status was emphasized, and the use of the term “take her in” reiterated Kaylee’s position. Julia was truly eloquent. 
Upon hearing Julia’s words, Bella smiled happily. 
Just like that, she agreed with her grandmother.
However, after finishing the meal, Kaylee insisted on washing the dishes. 
Julia made a couple of polite remarks but didn’t genuinely try to stop her. 
Watching Kaylee’s diligent demeanor, Bella said with a meaningful tone, “What a pity that Gareth rarely comes back.” 
Kaylee’s smile became somewhat stiff as she explained, “I’m not here for Gareth. I know where I stand, and I’m not worthy of him. Besides, he’s with Ms. Benett. They are a perfect match. How could I possibly come between them?” 
Bella raised an eyebrow. “Well, I wasn’t pitying you, you know.” 
Kaylee realized that she had jumped the gun, which made it seem like a clear indication of guilt on her 
part. 
However, resentment toward Bella had also taken root in her heart. Kaylee secretly vowed that if she ever got the chance, she would deal with her first. 
Watching Kaylee busily move about, Bella couldn’t shake off the nagging feeling of dread within her. 
Especially during their meals together, both Elisa and Rachel had mentioned that they found Kaylee a bit 
odd. 
It was challenging to point out exactly what was odd about her, but to put it in simpler terms… she seeme eerily strange. 
It felt as if she harbored many secrets.
Forget it, it doesn’t matter. As long as Grandma is happy with her decision, that’s all that matters. 
When Bella went to work the next day, she told Elisa about the matter. 
This is to prevent Elisa from being caught off guard the next time she returns to Wickam Manor. 
Also, Kaylee might even have a chance to act like the matriarch again when the time comes. 
I won’t let something like this happen. 
Upon hearing this, Elisa furrowed her brows and asked, “Is this what Grandma wants?” 
“Yes. I really don’t know what’s gotten into Grandma, keeping someone around who’s clearly got their sights set on Gareth… It’s a good thing he doesn’t come back often.” 
Meanwhile, Elisa understood Julia’s intentions quite clearly. All she wants is to keep Kaylee under her watchful” eye so that she won’t be able to stir up any trouble. 
At first, Elisa thought the same way. 
However, the facts proved that she was wrong. 
Moreover, things were fine at the company. Whatever Kaylee wanted to do, it was in the public gaze. 
Yet, she was genuinely a bit worried about living and eating together.
###chapter1992
Chapter 1994
Chapter 1994 Social Engagement 
Since the situation is now set in stone, it wouldn’t be right to drive her away. All we can do is hope that Grandma will be more cautious. 
“What I said before about Kaylee seeming a bit eccentric wasn’t without basis. I’ve thoroughly investigated. and found out that she is a Wyrithian, a clan known for their expertise in casting curses and using poison… Even newborns have to be immersed in jars filled with poisonous snakes and scorpions for three days and three nights.” 
Of course, these are just hearsay. 
As for whether Kaylee really has these skills, that’s another matter. 
But it’s true that I didn’t like Keke at first sight. Caution is the parent of safety. 
Bella nodded, indicating that she would handle this matter with caution. 
“By the way, is everything ready for tonight’s social engagement?” Elisa asked. 
Bella smiled and replied. “Everything is ready.” 
Elisa stood up from her seat, ready to leave as she packed her things. While doing so, she said, “We can go ahead, then. Mr. Matthams doesn’t like people who are late.” 
This was a major deal, a tough nut to crack that had been unyielding all along. Bella spent three to four sleepless nights, heading straight to the opposing company to confront their boss. With just ten minutes, he managed to get them to accept their company’s proposal. 
That led to the opportunity for this meeting.
However, Clusians, especially self-made entrepreneurs, preferred to discuss business over meals, which inevitably involved drinking. 
Elisa rarely drank alcohol, a fact that Bella was well aware of. 
It wasn’t that she couldn’t drink, as her liver’s alcohol processing function was quite good. 
The truth was she just did not feel like drinking most of the time. 
Only when one drank warm alcohol could it truly warm one’s insides, and it would evaporate quickly, too. 
On the contrary, downing bottles of cold drinks was considered harmful to the body. 
However, it wouldn’t cause much harm to do that once in a while. 
Bella gently pushed Elisa back into her chair. “Just sit here. Gareth has already given me a heads-up. How could I possibly let you go?” 
Elisa blinked her eyes. “What do you mean?” 
Bella responded with a smile, “I know you don’t like drinking, and you’re not fond of these types of functions either. So, I’ve already made arrangements. It will be enough for me to go with the project. 
team.” 
Elisa’s face didn’t look too good. How could she possibly let Bella face all this alone? 
[11 
1/
“Then you need to negotiate with them right away. I’m leaving now.” Elisa’s words were almost a command, a rare attitude for her. Bella knew this was a sign of her being in a bad mood. 
Bella was stunned for a moment; then she shook her head. “Don’t you trust me?” 
Elisa stared at her and responded, “Don’t twist my words. It’s not that I don’t trust you, but do you think it’s possible for me not to be involved in such a big matter? Do you think it’s possible for you to take the project team out for drinks alone?” 
Bella chuckled. “What’s impossible about that? How about I make a military pledge to you? If I don’t secure this contract, I won’t come back.” With that, she blinked her eyes and used Gareth as her shield. “Isn’t this mainly Gareth’s idea?” 
Elisa wasn’t joking around with her. She stated solemnly, “Bella, you are now working at Benett Corporation, and your only boss is me, Elisa. What others say doesn’t matter. Otherwise, you can go ahead. and work at Wickam Group.” 
Upon hearing that, Bella knew that Elisa was truly angry, as she had even resorted to saying such things. 
A jolt of surprise hit her, and with a touch of sadness, she realized that Elisa was being genuinely serious.
###chapter1993
Chapter 1995
Chapter 1995 Dissatisfaction 
The only thing Bella could say was, “Gareth isn’t feeling well and wants you to hav 
a look, but he was afraid of disturbing your work. He knows you don’t like people interfering with your decisions and company matters, so how could he possibly stick his nose in it? It’s all my own doing. If you want to blame someone, blame me…” 
Bella’s words were half-true. Gareth was indeed feeling a bit unwell, but he had no intention of using this as an excuse to bring Elisa back and disrupt her work. 
Upon hearing this, Elisa did not relax her stance but instead furrowed her brows even more. 
When she heard Gareth was having health issues, she decided not to persist any further. 
All she could do then was advise Bella not to force herself to consume too much alcohol. 
“And most importantly… always prioritize safety and avoid getting drunk. Bring along the guys from the project team when socializing.” 
With a light-hearted smile, Bella agreed to everything Elisa said, then promptly left the office. 
Mike found it quite peculiar to see Bella leaving the company with a group of people before the end of the workday. 
When Bella pa*sed by, he stood up and glanced at her. 
Despite that, Bella stared straight ahead and left. 
Immediately after that, Mike couldn’t help but try to find out where Bella was heading.
A girl who liked Mike couldn’t help but say shyly, “She must be… She must be out socializing, right?” 
Mike, with his handsome features and pleasant demeanor, had won the hearts of many young ladies just a few days into his new job. 
Mike didn’t really care about that, nor did he deliberately distance himself or get too close to them. He just continued to keep others at arm’s length. 
After all, those people might be of use to him in the future… 
Mike nodded. Looking as if he had thought of something, he asked, “Does Ms. Wickam often go out for social engagements?” 
The young girl blushed and shook her head, unable to articulate her words properly under the gaze of the person she liked. 
“No… that’s not it. It’s only occasionally. Most of the time, it’s people from the project team. But this project is quite important, so Ms. Wickam decided to go personally.” 
Mike asked again, “Why doesn’t the manager go, then? Why does she make her subordinates do all the hard work?” 
“Huh?” The young girl probably didn’t expect Mike to say such a thing, let alone harbor such resentment toward Elisa. For a moment, she didn’t know how to respond. 
Mike also realized that his remarks were a bit presumptuous, so he casually switched to another topic. 
||| 
The young girl didn’t pay much attention to this matter. 
Mike seemed a bit distracted all afternoon. He wanted to send a message to Bella, but he wasn’t sure how he should do so. 
In the end, he had no choice but to let go of that plan. Instead, he casually asked where the social engagement was. 
After finding out the address, Mike was weighed down with worries. 
Especially after seeing Elisa leave straight after work, he felt even more upset. He muttered to himself, “She gets off work so early and lets those under her work their guts out. Yet, there are still fools willing to do that. I really don’t know what they’re thinking.” 
When Elisa left the company, she sneezed several times in a row. She couldn’t shake off the feeling that someone was cursing her behind her back. 
When she drove home, it was already around six o’clock. The house was quiet, and the lights were off. Elisa thought that Gareth hadn’t returned yet. 
As she pushed the door open, a figure fainted right at the doorstep. 
Even Elisa didn’t know where she got the Herculean strength from, but she managed to move the person onto the couch. 
All she knew was that, despite Gareth’s slender appearance, he was far from light. He was practically crushing her.
###chapter1994
Chapter 1996
Chapter 1996 Taking Advantage 
There’s no way I can help him into bed. 
Elisa could only resort to the next best thing. With great difficulty, she managed to help the person onto the couch. Then, Gareth started to move again. 
The couch was simply too small to accommodate him. It looked like he was about to roll off after barely settling down. 
Left with no other choice, Elisa could only sleep next to Gareth for now. 
The couch, which was originally quite spacious, seemed cramped once Gareth lay down on it. 
All Elisa could do was to rest her hands on her own abdomen in a proper manner. Otherwise, she would have nowhere to lie down. 
No one knew if it was intentional, but after Elisa lay down, Gareth’s hand led her into his embrace. 
Elisa was stunned for a moment, unable to react. By the time she came to her senses and tried to push him away, his strength was surprisingly great. He firmly held Elisa captive in his arms, rendering her unable to 
move. 
After struggling two or three times without success, Elisa simply resigned herself and lay flat. 
Gareth was murmuring something under his breath, a satisfied smile plastered on his face. Elisa couldn’t quite catch what he was saying.
One thing was certain; he had been drinking, and quite a lot at that. The smell of alcohol was overwhelming, and his words were somewhat incoherent. 
“You’re really asking for trouble, drinking so much when you’re not in good health,” Elisa chided with a chuckle, venting her frustration by playfully poking Gareth’s forehead with her finger. 
“Stop messing around,” Gareth mumbled, gripping Elisa’s hand before falling back asleep. 
Elisa’s face turned crimson. She wanted to push away but couldn’t. 
I’ll just go with the flow. Elisa found a comfortable position and eventually fell asleep. 
Meanwhile, Bella arrived at the hotel with the project team. 
Immediately, a very polite waiter led the group upstairs. 
However, Bella appeared very solemn, twitching at the door for a long time without going in. 
Lowering her voice, she advised the people behind her. “Mr. Matthams can really hold his liquor, and he’s a fairly upright person. But Mr. Macdonald, who’s with him, is a different story. He’s not exactly clean- handed and likes to play by unwritten rules. So, if something feels off, stop drinking immediately. Don’t force yourself. Especially for the girls, you must take care of yourselves, understand?” 
Bella brought along two men and two women, paired up in twos, so they could look out for each other. 
The hushed voices of four people came through. “Understood.” 
Bella gave each of them a hangover remedy before she finally pushed the door open and walked in. 
||| 
As for herself, she was confident that she wouldn’t get drunk. 
Immediately after, Brian Macdonald went forward to greet them, his hand casually holding onto Bella, yet his face was full of righteousness. 
“You’re here at last. We’ve been waiting for you, Ms. Wickam. You won’t believe how long we have been waiting here for you. When I heard that Ms. Benett couldn’t make it, I was quite disappointed… But thankfully, thankfully, you’re here, yes?” 
Without revealing the slightest emotion on her face, Bella naturally withdrew her hand and then, promptly took her seat. 
A hint of embarra*sment crossed Brian’s face, but he quickly sat down as well. 
His seat was right next to Bella, so naturally, he made some subtle moves on her. 
For example, his hand would accidentally touch hers while making a toast. 
Otherwise, his hand would somehow end up on Bella’s thigh. 
Bella had to muster a great deal of strength to keep her temper in check, managing not to lose her cool on the spot. 
The people who were brought along couldn’t stand Brian’s behavior anymore. They started to mingle, offering toasts here and there in an attempt to create some distance between the two. 
And so, Bella was able to catch her breath, distancing herself a bit. 
Otherwise, no one knew what might happen.
###chapter1995
Chapter 1997
Chapter 1997 Making A Move 
“What happened to Ms. Benett? Is there any way I can be of a*sistance?” Terence Matthams chimed in. Hist question seemed caring, but in reality, it sounded like an interrogation. 
He wanted to know where Elisa had gone and why she did not turn up. 
Is she looking down on this function, or is she looking down on me? 
Knowing that Terence had previously served in the military, was straightforward, and cared about his reputation, Bella knew she had to come up with a suitable reason. Otherwise, he wouldn’t let it slide. 
She smiled and responded, “It’s something related to Ms. Benett’s family. I hear that her boyfriend is feeling unwell, so she has to accompany him to the hospital.” 
Her words dispelled Brian’s thoughts and also conveyed to Terence that she didn’t mean to disrespect him. Elisa just had an urgent matter at hand. 
Sure enough, Terence’s expression softened considerably. At that moment, the staff responsible for advancing the project began to propose toasts, finally making their move. 
Brian, seemingly a bit unwilling to accept how things were progressing, asked, “When did Ms. Benett get a boyfriend? I’ve never heard of it.” 
If it weren’t for the setting they were in, Bella really wanted to dump the food in front of her directly onto Brian’s head and then say, “Whether she has a boyfriend or not is none of your business. You’re certainly not in the running.” 
What a pity. These two have such a good relationship. Otherwise, Mr. Matthams wouldn’t have brought Mr. Macdonald along.
Therefore, Bella just smiled faintly without saying much.” 
After the previous intervention, Brian didn’t want to appear too conspicuous, so Bella mainly focused on discussing the matter of the collaboration. 
When they were almost finished discussing business, Terence had also had quite a bit to drink. 
His speech was somewhat incoherent, but the intention to collaborate could still be vaguely discerned. 
“Your company… is quite impressive. Collaboration, let’s sign contracts… Excuse me.” 
At that moment, Bella couldn’t help but breathe a sigh of relief. 
The people she brought along, including herself, weren’t really drunk. 
One of the girls couldn’t stand it anymore, so she went out for some fresh air. 
The other three people were all right. 
Seeing that it was almost time, Bella was about to leave. 
It was at this moment that Brian called out to her. 
“Ms. Wickam, I noticed you haven’t drunk much throughout the event. What’s the matter? Are you disrespecting us, or do you find the wine here not to your taste?” 
||| 
Bella stiffened all over, turning around to see Brian holding a wine gla*s. With a smug smile, he suggested, “How about drinking this gla*s of wine before you leave?”
Naturally, Bella instinctively wanted to refuse, but Brian was relentless, even bringing up their partnership as leverage. 
Bella had no choice but to arrange for one of the guys to go and find the girl in the restroom. Immediately after, she had the other guy take another girl and leave first. 
She needed to take on the responsibility of wrapping things up, which was to confirm the signing of the 
contract. 
After watching several people leave, Bella was left alone to deal with Brian. 
She picked up the gla*s of wine and, under the expectant gaze of Brian, downed it in one gulp. Then, she “accidentally” dropped the gla*s on the floor. 
The wine gla*s shattered into pieces with a loud sound. 
Brian raised an eyebrow, his interest in Bella growing even more. 
With a nonchalant air, Bella casually said, “I’m sorry,” then quickly followed up with, “Now, may I leave?” 
Brian nodded and made a gentlemanly gesture. However, his words conveyed a different message. “It’s a pity. I’m afraid you won’t be able to leave.” 
Before Bella had a chance to fully comprehend the meaning of his words, she felt the world spin around. her. Her vision blurred into darkness, and she promptly fainted. 
The only thought before she completely lost consciousness was that the drink Brian handed her must. have been spiked.
No wonder he was pushing her for a toast.
###chapter1996
Chapter 1998
Chapter 1998 Drugged 
Watching Bella down her drink in one gulp, Brian couldn’t help but smile. 
With a swift hand and keen eye, he caught onto her. Thus, Bella narrowly avoided an intimate encounter with the ground. 
As the man held onto the dainty Bella, he instantly felt restless. 
He gently caressed Bella’s check. She is truly soft and tender. 
Immediately, he couldn’t wait to bring her to the couple’s suite in the hotel that had been arranged prior to the function. 
Inside, there was a guy who had been waiting for a long time. 
Seeing Brian had returned, he quickly stepped forward to a*sist him. 
He was the same person who was ordered by Bella to go and check on the girl who had left earlier. 
At that very moment, his true colors were revealed. His face was adorned with flattery and appeasement as he asked, “Mr. Macdonald, did I do a good job on this?” 
Brian revealed a smile. “Very good, very good. Well done.” 
The person was extremely excited, rubbing his hands together. Then, he quickly asked, “So, what do you think about me taking the position of director at your esteemed company…” 
Brian waved his hand generously. “No problem. Everything will be arranged.”
The man was so thrilled he could almost jump for joy. He glanced at Bella, who was lying in Brian’s arms, and couldn’t help but drool. He spoke with a hint of regret. “If she hadn’t held me back, preventing me from climbing higher, I wouldn’t have betrayed her. It’s her own fault for not being able to discern who the real talents are…” 
The man suddenly changed the topic, his tone becoming somewhat sleazy. “But I’really wonder what Ms. Wickam tastes like. I’d love to give it a try.” 
Upon hearing this, Brian burst into hearty laughter. With his free hand, he patted the man on the shoulder. “Good lad, you remind me of my younger self. Here’s the plan. You’ll stand guard at the door. Once I’m done, I’ll call you in. Sounds good?” 
The guy’s face lit up with surprise and joy, and he immediately went to the door to get some fresh air. As he was leaving, he didn’t forget to close the door behind him. 
While he stood at the doorway, he occasionally felt the chill of the wind. Instinctively, he rubbed his hand together. As explicit S**ual images flashed in his mind, it made him feel as if his body temperature had risen significantly. 
Inside the room, Bella began to feel a wave of heat consuming her body. 
The last drink she consumed contained only a drug that left her powerless, while the aphrodisiac was slipped in by her company employee. 
In fact, the two men had reached an agreement earlier that day. They would trade Bella for a position as the director of Brian’s company. 
1/
This was also why Brian didn’t mind when the distance between him and Bella was deliberately increased by others. 
Because he knew that she would end up becoming his in the end. 
Bella lay on the bed, her hair cascading like a waterfall. Her skin was as smooth as porcelain and so supple Her face bore a hint of flush from the wine, and her lips moved in a soft murmur. To the man watching, it seemed like an invitation, a deadly temptation… 
Brian rubbed his hands together, murmuring to Bella. “I’ve had my fun with plenty of women, but this is the first time I’m playing with a woman in power.” After a strange chuckle, he reached out to undress Bella. 
Though unconscious, Bella could still sense someone touching her clothes, prompting her to struggle. 
Groggily opening her eyes, she found someone straddling her. 
At first, she thought she was dreaming. But when she took a closer look, it was no dream. The man was clearly Brian, the potential business partner. 
Seeing Bella open her eyes, Brian didn’t show the slightest hint of panic. Instead, he quickened his movements, undressing Bella while asking, “Awake now, Ms. Wickam?” 
After realizing the situation at hand, Bella tried to push Brian away.
###chapter1997
Chapter 1999
Chapter 1999 Trying To Gain Sympathy 
Surprisingly, Brian, despite his skinny appearance, possessed quite a strength. 
Perhaps it was because the strength between men and women was inherently different, coupled with the fact that the effects of the drug hadn’t completely worn off yet. 
Meanwhile, Bella was having some difficulty breaking free. 
All she could do was watch, wide-eyed, as Brian approached her with his greasy, thick tongue, ready to 
kiss. 
In a fit of urgency, Bella slapped Brian hard. 
Her force was substantial, enough to knock his head sideways. 
Perhaps it was just like that, which left a sense of resentment in Brian’s heart, as he immediately wanted to retaliate. 
Bang! 
The door was kicked open, followed immediately by a man’s cry in pain. 
Before Brian could react, he was flipped over, falling directly onto the ground. He accidentally hit his head on the bedside table. 
He clutched his head, crying out in pain continuously. Fresh blood was trickling down from his forehead.
Bella felt quite a heavy load lifted from her body. Seeing the fresh blood on Brian’s forehead, she sobered. up instantly. She then stared blankly at the newcomer, somewhat unable to react. 
Mike directly hoisted Bella around the waist, unable to resist reprimanding in a voice only the two of them could hear, “Why did you let the others leave first? Don’t you know you’re a girl too?” 
Bella parted her lips slightly. Everything had happened so suddenly, and she didn’t even know how to begin. 
From her perspective, Bella could only see his chiseled side profile and the determined look on his face, accentuated by his prominent eyebrows. 
Mike was still holding Bella and hadn’t left the room when Brian started to threaten, “Hey, hey, hey. Don’t you dare leave. You owe me an explanation. And you, Bella, you’ve been drugged. Do you know what kind. of drug it is? It’s an aphrodisiac from the black market-the kind that can turn even the most virtuous. woman into a wh*re. I’m telling you the truth. If you don’t obediently lie beneath me today, you can forget about signing this contract!” 
The more Brian spoke, the more smug he became. Toward the end, he even started to bask in his own glory. 
Mike originally didn’t want to bother, as he just wanted to leave directly. 
However, Bella patted his shoulder, signaling him to put her down. 
Mike refused, his eyebrows knitted in disapproval. “Do you really intend to lie beneath that old man? If the contract is lost, you can collaborate with others. If the money is gone, you can earn it again… Don’t sell yourself.” 
Listening to Mike earnestly preaching these profound truths, she simply didn’t know whether to laugh or 
cry. 
Suddenly, she was a bit curious. What kind of person am I in his c 
Intelligent or stupid? Sophisticated or vulgar? 
eyes? 
Bella spoke in a volume only the two of them could hear. “Don’t worry. I know what I’m doing… Besides, if it weren’t for your timely arrival, this old man would have succeeded. Can’t I go and teach him a lesson?” 
Upon hearing that, Mike cast a probing glance at Bella, seemingly doubting the truthfulness of her words. 
Bella blinked at him, probably in a silent attempt to make the other party believe in her. 
Mike then decided to put Bella down. 
The moment Bella stood on her own two feet, she felt a wave of dizziness. She couldn’t help but marvel at the potency of the drug. 
Mike quickly rushed to her side, his face filled with worry. 
Bella smiled, indicating that she was fine. 
Stumbling along, she made his way toward Brian. Seeing Bella approaching, the man had a smug look on
his face. 
Relying on contracts, he had not slipped up in all these years. 
I said it himself, didn’t I? No matter how capable a young girl might be, she couldn’t possibly surpa*s me, no? 
Ultimately, she has no choice but to try to gain sympathy, no?
###chapter1998
Chapter 2000
Chapter 2000 Blacklist 
With this in mind, Brian shook his head and said, “That’s more like it. Those who have tact are wise… Ah 
Before Brian could finish his words, his bloodcurdling screams filled the room. 
That was the kind of scream that came from the depths of the heart, almost piercing through one’s 
eardrums. 
Upon hearing this, the man lying on the ground swallowed nervously, trying his best to make himself less noticeable, fearing he might be the next one. 
Mike, standing to one side with his arms crossed before his chest, showed a momentary crack in his expression. 
His facial features contorted instantly, all because of Bella’s swift, accurate, and ruthless kick. It landed directly on Brian’s groin. Just by watching it, Mike could feel a sympathetic twinge, his hands instinctively covering his own crotch. 
While doing so, he couldn’t help but marvel. Bella is truly ruthless… 
But it’s only to be expected. In the business world, who isn’t ruthless and decisive? 
Those who are kind-hearted are not suited to cause harm to others. 
After receiving Bella’s kick, Brian rolled on the ground while clutching his groin. Blood trickled down from his forehead, spreading across his face, making him look extremely ghastly.
It seemed that Bella was still not satisfied. She glanced at the project team guy, who had been kicked away, and walked over. 
The man, seeing the high-heeled shoes getting closer and closer, quickly covered his crotch and begged for mercy, “I’m sorry, Ms. Wickam. I was momentarily misguided and made a mistake. Please give me another chance. At the very least, don’t target my precious body part…” 
The man spoke pitifully. However, Bella raised her foot and was about to step on him. 
The person didn’t even have the courage to keep watching. All he could do was close his eyes. 
However, the anticipated pain never came. 
The man opened his eyes, only to be met with Bella’s playful smirk. It was then that he realized he had. been made a fool of 
A whirlwind of emotions swept over him all at once. There was a sense of relief, like a survivor after a disaster. There was also fear, a lingering dread of the unknown punishment and the consequences of his reckless actions. And, of course, there was regret. 
Who would have known that Bella had such a trick up her sleeve? 
Who would have thought that this so-called Casanova, Brian, who boasted of having countless encounters with women, would turn out to be so useless? 
Bella was not in a hurry to deal with him. She just smiled, acting as if nothing had happened. 
||| 
The man also forced out a chuckle, squeezing out a smile that looked worse than crying.
“Ms… Ms. Wickam.” 
“I’m curious. You’re shaking like a leaf now. Where did you get the nerve to work with Mr. Macdonald?” 
“I… I…” 
The person hemmed and hawed for quite a while, unable to articulate a coherent explanation, probably finding it difficult to broach the subject. 
However, everything was clear to Bella. 
It seems that Mr. Macdonald, who has been with countless women, guaranteed to provide some sort of financial power in exchange. Then, he indicates that he often engages in such activities. 
There were also girls who initially disagreed, but as time went on, they got used to it. 
They wouldn’t even think about calling the police or anything like that. 
Besides, he’ll have video recordings, which can be used to threaten the other party. 
So there’s absolutely no need for him to worry about repercussions. 
What he did not expect was that Bella would be such a tough nut to crack. 
He never imagined that someone would be there to protect her. 
He had truly miscalculated the situation. 
With a dismissive scoff, Bella decided not to waste her words on such a person who only bullied the weak and feared the strong. 
“You’ve been let go, consider switching careers.”
Just one sentence and all the possibilities for that person were severed. 
Being dismissed from Benett Corporation was tantamount to being blacklisted in the industry. 
The industries that Benett Corporation was involved in were extensive, and they were influential as well. It was equivalent to directly sentencing that guy to a future without the possibility of engaging in any respectable profession. 
The guy’s face turned pale as he sat dejectedly on the ground.
###chapter1999
Chapter 2001
Chapter 2001 Showing Off 
Bella didn’t let Mike a*sist her. She slowly walked out of the room step by step on her own. 
However, she was probably pushing herself too hard. Not long after she left the room, her strength gave out. Her legs went weak, and she almost had a close encounter with the ground. 
Luckily, Mike, who was behind her, caught her in time, preventing her from falling flat. 
“I’m fine… Bella shook her head, instinctively wanting to refuse. He pushed Mike away and continued to walk forward. However, after only a few steps, her vision darkened, and she completely lost consciousness. 
“I don’t know what you’re trying to prove,” Mike cursed, picking up Bella and taking her straight to the prepared presidential suite. 
Although Bella had lost consciousness, the jostling in Mike’s arms eventually roused her. 
As she looked at Mike, she felt as if her usual senses were being infinitely magnified. 
That crisp scent rushed into the tip of the nose, evoking a certain feeling. 
That sensation… 
Bella swallowed hard, unable to resist the peculiar sensation surging within her. 
I feel so hot… I really want to take off my clothes. 
Feeling the woman in his arms stir awake, Mike was fully alert. “You’re finally awake. I don’t know why you’re so hot, like a burning coal.”
Mike was grumbling to himself, but Bella didn’t pay him any attention. 
It wasn’t that she didn’t want to engage with him. She simply couldn’t find the words to speak. 
The moment she opened her mouth, it was filled with fragmented moans, the kind that didn’t belong to 
her at all. 
Even she found it strange to hear. 
After much difficulty, Mike finally arrived at the hotel. He gently laid Bella on the bed and started to call for a doctor, presumably urging the medical technician to come as quickly as possible. 
But Bella, who had long been tormented, could no longer hold back. She even took the initiative to hold. Mike’s hand. 
Mike felt a sense of warmth touch his hand. Looking down, he saw Bella gazing at him with seductive. eyes, tossing and turning on the bed, repeating only one phrase, “Hot… I’m so hot.” 
In the midst of it all, a few buttons on her clothes were accidentally undone, revealing a sudden glimpse of her beauty. 
Mike’s ears turned red from what he saw. 
He turned his head, not daring to look at Bella, and simply asked, “Is there… Is there anything I can do to help you?” 
||| 
With a firm grip, Bella pulled Mike’s hand, causing him to fall onto her body.
The crimson blush climbed from his face to his ears and then to his entire neck. He was as red as a 
tomato. 
“Help…. help me,” Bella said softly, and her gaze was flirtatious. Even her breath exuded a fragrance. 
Mike was struggling with his inner conflict. 
Bella desperately clutched his hand, pleading for help incessantly. 
About two minutes later, Mike, with a determined look on his face, seemed to have made up his mind. His trembling hand reached out toward Bella’s clothes, ready to unbutton them in a few swift moves. 
Smack! 
A clear handprint was now starkly visible on Mike’s face. 
He was suddenly taken aback, looking at Bella with a hint of grievance. 
Didn’t she ask for my help? Why is she hitting me now? 
Bella was panting heavily. “I didn’t ask you to help me like this. I want you to run the bath for me. Run…. Run some cold water and then help me… to the bathroom.” 
With great effort, Bella managed to utter a short sentence, 
It was then that Mike understood what she meant. 
Bella wanted to soak herself in cold water to calm herself down… But the New Year was just around the corner, and it was the middle of winter, so taking a cold bath was sure to make her sick. 
Bella couldn’t care less at this point. She urged, “Hurry up.”
###chapter2000
Chapter 2002
Chapter 2002 Getting Through It 
Immediately after, Mike filled the tub with water and then helped Bella into it. 
The moment Bella made contact with the cold water, she couldn’t help but shiver. 
Indeed, doing that in the depths of winter was a bit too much. 
Considering Bella had been drained of all energy, Mike gently helped her into the water. 
Seeing the state Bella was in, Mike couldn’t help but feel a pang of sympathy. He suggested, “Maybe we should just forget it? The doctor will be here soon. Why put yourself through unnecessary suffering?” 
Bella’s face flushed, and she shook her head. With great difficulty she stuttered, “I am now… consumed by a burning in lust, unable to control myself… If I don’t do this, I’m afraid… I’m afraid I won’t last until the doctor arrives.” 
Having said that, she glanced at Mike. “You wouldn’t want me to take advantage of you, would you?” She chuckled after saying that. 
Mike widened his eyes. Is this really the time for her to be cracking jokes? 
This is absolutely madness. 
After much difficulty, Mike managed to settle Bella into the water. He wanted to stay by her side, but Bella wouldn’t allow it. 
She claimed that it was inappropriate for an unmarried man and woman to be alone in the same room. 
Yet, Mike had almost seen everything there was to see, so there really was nothing left for him to avoid.
Despite that, Bella still insisted, “Sir, I’m not married yet. If you keep this up, I won’t be able to get married. Will I have to come looking for you then?” 
Mike didn’t know what came over him as he blurted out, “If you look for me, then so be it. Worst comes to worst, I’ll marry you.” 
As those words were spoken, an eerie silence ensued. 
Both of them fell silent. Mike felt that his words might have been a bit too much, so he cleared his throat a couple of times, attempting to lighten the mood. 
“What I mean is… It’s better for me to marry you than for you to drown alone in the bathroom, right?” 
Bella did not continue the topic. She simply insisted that Mike should wait outside. 
“Just stay nearby outside. I’ll call you if I need anything.” 
In the end, Mike could only agree. As he left, he made sure to close the door behind him. 
While anxiously pacing in place, he intermittently asked Bella if she was okay, all the while trying to get ir touch with the doctor. 
Even Mike felt that he was overdoing it. 
Meanwhile, Bella was in the bathroom. The burning sensation was truly unbearable. She could only 
||| 
O 
1
achieve brief clarity by biting her own arm. 
At that very moment, she was also quite relieved that she had driven Mike away. 
For some unknown reason, she simply didn’t want him to see her in such a disheveled state. 
Thus, twenty minutes pa*sed, and both Bella and Mike felt as if each moment was stretching into an eternity. 
The latter would occasionally ask toward the bathroom door, “Are you okay? Do you need any help?” 
After he heard Bella’s voice, only then could he feel at ease. 
Gradually, Bella’s voice became fainter and fainter until there was no response at all. 
Mike couldn’t care less at this point. He kicked open the bathroom door with one foot. 
The sight before his eyes left him stunned. 
The water in the bathtub was stained red with large patches of blood. Bella lay unconscious in the tub, the bite wound on her arm looking terribly gruesome. 
It was hard for him to imagine what kind of pain Bella was facing. It must be tormenting for her! Hence, this was her last resort, by doing this to her own body. 
A look of heartache surfaced in Mike’s eyes as he lifted her out of the water. 
The cold water instantly soaked Mike’s clothes, mingling with spots of blood. His white shirt was speckled with the blood from Bella’s arm.
Mike, who had always been fastidious about cleanliness, didn’t seem to mind at all. There was not even a furrow in his brows.
###chapter2001
Chapter 2003
Chapter 2003 Lost Contact 
A melodious ringtone rang out. 
Surprisingly, Elisa managed to sleep soundly until dawn. 
She was awakened by the ring of the phone. Otherwise, she would have continued her slumber. 
Even she was somewhat taken aback, finding it surprising that she could sleep so…. soundly in Gareth’s embrace. 
She hadn’t had a good sleep in a long time. 
Gareth was also awakened by the noise. Seeing him slowly come to his senses, Elisa was finally able to escape his grasp. She quickly left the couch and answered the call. 
While doing so, she kept stealing glances at Gareth. His expression is somewhat unnatural. 
She never expected that she could actually sleep in that position until dawn… She must have been really tired lately. 
“Hey, Liz.” 
Julia’s voice came from the other end of the line, tinged with a hint of urgency. This brought Elisa back to her senses, making her much more alert. 
She replied, “Grandma, it’s me. Is there something you need from me?” 
When Julia heard Elisa’s voice, she felt significantly more relaxed. 
This girl has that sort of magical aura. It provides a sense of comfort.
It would make one feel that as long as Elisa was around, everything would be fine. 
When they were in the small fishing village, Elisa also empowered Gareth this way. It was quite peculiar, but this might probably be Elisa’s unique superpower-the power of leadership and persuasion. 
Julia sighed and responded, “I wanted to ask if you know where Bella has gone. When I woke up this morning and didn’t see her, I thought she had gone to work. But I realize it’s Saturday, and after asking around, I found out that Bella didn’t come home last night. Do you know where she went yesterday?” 
Upon hearing the phrase “didn’t come home last night,” Elisa felt as if a thunderbolt had struck her entire being. 
Yesterday… Elisa’s mind was racing. She had been out socializing yesterday. 
She still hasn’t returned after a whole night of socializing? 
Elisa instinctively understood that a serious problem had arisen, but she didn’t want to upset Julia, so she kindly told a white lie. 
“Ah, yes. I know. I’m the one who sent her on a business trip.” 
However, Julia wasn’t so easily fooled. After a moment of hesitation, she asked, “Is that really true? Hmm, you better not be lying to me.” 
Without any hesitation, Elisa replied, “It’s true, Grandma. Why would I lie to you? She really did go on a business trip, but it’s a short one. She probably thought she could return overnight, so she didn’t tell you.” 
“Why can’t my calls get through, then?” Julia asked cautiously, pressing for an answer.
Elisa chuckled. “Perhaps her phone ran out of battery on the way back, and she didn’t bring a power bank. She drove alone for the business trip, so don’t worry. Shall I personally call our partners? I’ll notify you. immediately once I have any news.” 
Upon hearing these words, Julia finally let down her guard and began to trust, 
She replied. “All right, then. You must get back to me as soon as possible. Ideally, I’d like Bella to call me personally. That would put my mind at ease.” 
Elisa agreed and said, “It’s also my fault. I shouldn’t have let her go on a business trip alone. Next time, I should at least have someone accompany her. Otherwise, it might be dangerous for her to lose contact with us.” 
After Julia heard Elisa’s words, her attention was smoothly diverted. 
The elderly woman said, “That’s not quite the right way to put it. After all, it’s perfectly normal for a” company’s employee to be sent on business trips. We shouldn’t make a big deal out of this one incident. However, it would be best if male colleagues could accompany female employees on future business trips.”
###chapter2002
Chapter 2004
Chapter 2004 The Search 
Elisa nodded in agreement. 
Julia’s intentions were good. 
She didn’t want Bella to be overly special in the company. After all, her status was already there for all to 
sec. 
Regardless of whether it was Bella or any other girl, no one should travel on business alone. 
Elisa agreed, then chatted with Julia for a while longer before finally hanging up the phone. 
As soon as she hung up the phone, Elisa immediately returned to her room without a moment’s delay. 
She stank to high heaven after not changing her clothes all night. The most pressing matter was to take a bath, change her clothes and head out immediately. She didn’t even have time to greet Gareth. 
Gareth watched Elisa in her flurry of activity, somewhat puzzled. 
He rubbed his head, regretting that he really shouldn’t have drunk alcohol the day before. 
Originally, he thought if he felt unwell, drinking something warm would make him feel better. 
Unexpectedly, the more he drank, the worse he felt. In the end, he finally lost consciousness. 
However, Gareth still remembered the scene when he woke up that day. Elisa was in a hurry to put some distance between them. Does this mean that we slept together yesterday?
At that thought, Gareth’s heart fluttered as if he were an eighteen-year-old high school boy who had just held the hand of the girl he liked. 
Over the phone, he managed to catch bits and pieces of the conversation. 
It seemed that Bella had gone missing, so Gareth also got up and went to freshen up and tidy up. 
It took Elisa twenty minutes to tidy up and arrive downstairs, which was the fastest she could manage. 
During that time, she also called those few people from the company who had accompanied Bella to the social event, only to receive an answer that wasn’t particularly positive. 
Everything seemed pretty normal that day. The contract signing was going through the usual process, and everyone thought the contract was going to be delivered. 
There was a colleague named Brian who was quite sleazy, always looking at Bella with ill intentions. 
As things were wrapping up, Bella asked the trio, one man and two women, to leave first. 
They never saw Bella nor the man again. 
In the end, the three of them returned to the room and looked around, only to find shards of gla*s scattered all over the floor. There was no sign of anyone. 
Several people felt that something was amiss and immediately decided to call Bella. 
At that moment, the phone was answered by the man who had disappeared. 
< 
He said that Bella was drunk and needed to rest at the hotel. He himself would be leaving soon and suggested that the three of them shouldn’t wait and could leave first. 
The person was a veteran in the company, almost been promoted to the position of project team director, so the three of them didn’t give it much thought. 
Elisa was so frustrated that she couldn’t help but scold the three of them over the phone, “With your level of alertness and response, I really wonder how you got into the company’s project team. Why did you leave when he told you to? Why did you trust him? Couldn’t you confirm it? Which hotel?” 
Having obtained the hotel address, as well as the man’s contact information and home address, Elisa hurriedly rushed out. 
At that moment, she encountered the neatly dressed Gareth. 
Perhaps due to the experience from the day before, Elisa always felt a bit guilty when she saw Gareth. 
Elisa originally didn’t want to greet him and planned to leave directly, but fate had other plans, as Gareth called out to stop her. 
“I’m going with you.” The tone was not of negotiation but of declaration. 
Elisa instinctively wanted to refuse, but when she opened her mouth, she couldn’t find the words to say 
Gareth was Bella’s brother. It was only natural and expected for them to go together.
###chapter2003
Chapter 2005
Chapter 2005 Checking The Surveillance Footage 
She had no reason to refuse. 
Before setting off, Elisa looked at Gareth with concern and asked, “Are you sure you’re feeling okay?” 
Gareth nodded. “I’m fine. It’s more important to find Bella first.” 
Seeing the situation, Elisa no longer insisted otherwise. 
Gareth was driving while Elisa was on the phone next to him. 
She first tried to call that man, but his phone was unreachable. 
Elisa decided to make a trip to the hotel first. I-If something really did happen, it most likely occurred at the hotel. 
Even though that was the last situation Elisa wanted to face, she had to prepare for the worst. 
Elisa continued to call Terence. 
The call was answered by the secretary. 
Evidently, the matter was being pushed around. 
At first, the secretary said, “Mr. Matthams left quite early, so I don’t know what happened afterward. Perhaps you could ask at the hotel.” 
After that, he added, “Ms. Wickam is an adult. It’s inevitable that she has her own social life. Perhaps she made plans to go somewhere with her friends? Maybe Ms. Benett could try looking for her again? Isn’t it a bit inappropriate to keep calling and questioning Mr. Matthams?”
With that, he hung up the phone. 
It sounded like they didn’t want to take responsibility for what happened. 
In fact, they even thought of Bella in a particularly bad light. 
Instead of treating her like a lady of wealth and refinement, they treated her like a delinquent girl who hung out with a bunch of fair weather friends. 
Elisa’s fist tightened and loosened, then tightened again. Now is not the time to settle scores. Once we find Bella, we must make his company pay! 
Venting her frustration, Elisa struck the window twice with her elbow, startling Gareth to his core. 
“No matter how rushed you are, you shouldn’t neglect your own health. We’re almost there, don’t panic,” he urged. 
Gareth spoke words of comfort, but in reality, he was also anxious, wishing he could find Bella there and 
then. 
Elisa rubbed her temples without saying a word, unsure what to say. 
At that very moment, an awkward atmosphere filled the car. 
Elisa felt as if she was a murderer who had just encountered the family of her victim. 
||| 
Indeed, she felt that she was the cause of it all. If I had been a bit more persistent yesterday, either going with Bella or not letting him go at all, or even if I had just asked a few more questions and arranged for a few people to accompany her, would we not be in this situation now? I-If something really happens to Bella, I’ll never forgive myself in this lifetime. 
Elisa buried her head in the crook of her arm. 
Seeing the situation, Gareth felt a pang in his heart and stepped on the accelerator under his foot to drive at one hundred eighty kilometers per hour. 
At that speed in the city, it was considered speeding. 
One might easily get into a car accident at that speed. 
Luckily, Gareth was a skilled driver. He quickly reached the hotel without any incidents along the way. 
As soon as she arrived at the hotel entrance, Elisa quickly got out of the car and found the hotel manager to request the surveillance footage. 
The hotel manager was initially unwilling to cooperate. “Sir, Ma’am, I believe you do not have the authority to freely access our hotel’s surveillance footage. If there’s anything you need, you can contact the police.” 
Elisa’s gaze was firmly fixed on the manager. Although the manager felt somewhat lacking in confidence. he did not back down, insisting that it was his duty to do so. 
Fortunately, a phone call from Gareth promptly resolved the issue. 
Otherwise, the manager could get beaten up by Elisa.
They then went through the surveillance footage from the private room the night before and watched it from the moment a few people entered the room until they left. 
In the end, it was an old man who walked out of the private room, cradling Bella in his arms.
###chapter2004
Chapter 2006
Chapter 2006 Not Here 
Upon seeing that, Elisa furrowed her eyebrows tightly and asked for the room number immediately. 
After the receptionist nervously provided the room number, Elisa immediately asked someone to guide 
her to the room. 
Throughout the journey, Elisa’s hands were trembling. 
She truly couldn’t imagine how would she face Bella and Julia if something unforeseen were to happen to 
Bella. 
Gareth saw through Elisa’s fear and held her hand in the elevator. 
Elisa was momentarily stunned. She lifted her gaze to look at Gareth. 
Gareth quietly said, “Don’t be afraid. I’m here.” 
Elisa nodded, feeling as if an endless stream of courage was being transferred to her from the connection between them. 
Elisa was certainly not an indecisive and irresponsible person. 
If indeed it was my own arrangement that resolved Bella’s problem, I would certainly take responsibility until the end. 
She just hoped that Bella wouldn’t run into any problems. 
Arriving at the room, Elisa kicked the door open with a single foot.
Considering the possibility of encountering some unpleasant scenes inside, Elisa decided not to let anyone follow her in. 
Before entering the room. Gareth grabbed Elisa’s hand. “No matter what happens, don’t get agitated. Remember to stay calm, okay?” 
Elisa nodded, withdrew her hand, and walked in: 
Gareth stared blankly at his empty hand. 
A crowd gathered at the door, most curious for gossip yet too timid to look. 
Elisa walked in. It was a suite, requiring one to traverse a corridor about ten meters long and turn a corner to reach the inner room. 
Elisa’s hands were trembling as she stepped inside. 
However, to her surprise, there were only two men with no sign of Bella inside. 
A portly man with large ears lay on the ground, maintaining a protective stance over his groin. 
Elisa recognized the other skinny man. He was one of the people brought along by Bella for the social 
event. 
His presence there spoke volumes. 
Elisa was almost trembling with anger. How dare they scheme against Bella! Very well. Since they had the galls to do so, I’ll ensure they face severe consequences!
Suppressing her anger, Elisa searched the entire suite, including the bathroom cabinets, but couldn’t find Bella. 
There were signs of a struggle on the bed. 
For a moment, Elisa didn’t know whether she should be happy or scared. 
Gareth stood at the door as he saw Elisa walked out in a daze. 
Just as he was about to ask something, someone called him. 
The call came from the lobby manager. After everyone left, the manager stayed behind to maintain order and saw the second half of the surveillance footage. 
In the end, Bella was brought to the presidential suite by a man. 
The lobby manager quickly informed the room number, a hint of excitement in his voice as if he had accomplished something significant. 
Otherwise, based solely on his initial attitude toward the couple, he would be doomed if the couple sought 
revenge. 
After understanding the ins and outs of the situation, Gareth took Elisa’s hand and headed straight for the elevator. 
Immediately after, he pressed for the top floor. 
Normally, a special room card was required to access the top floor. However, the lobby manager had already turned off the access control, so the two of them could go through without any hindrance.
With red-rimmed eyes, Elisa stared at Gareth and asked, “Where are we going?” 
Gareth quickly explained the situation. “In short, Bella should have been taken to the presidential suite. Don’t worry too much. I think everything should be fine.”
###chapter2005
Chapter 2007
Chapter 2007 A Comedy Of Errors 
Elisa nodded, feeling somewhat comforted. 
The two smoothly made their way into the presidential suite. 
Concurrently, Mike finally had a chance to relax after a night of S**. He chose to take a bath before going back to sleep. 
As soon as he arrived at the living room, Elisa barged in like a bandit and marched toward him with intimidatingly, 
“Eh? Who are you? Are you Ms. Benett?” asked Mike. 
Gareth looked at him, probably misunderstanding something. Before Mike could react, he directly landed. a punch on Mike. 
Before Mike had a chance to react, he was knocked to the ground. 
Elisa rushed into the bedroom, only to find Bella lying on the bed with a pale face and tightly closed eyes. She was extremely anxious. 
Upon a second glance, she realized that the clothes Bella was wearing were not the ones from yesterday. 
Overwhelmed with rage, she stormed out to confront Mike once again. 
She clutched Mike’s collar with one hand while forming a fist with the other. 
Mike narrowed one eye, speaking indignantly. “Why did you hit me? Do I still need to get beaten for being a good person?”
Elisa’s fist stopped just about ten centimeters away from his face. 
She asked, “What do you mean by that? Can you explain?” 
Once Mike regained his senses, he struggled to get up, wrenching his collar from Elisa’s grasp. 
Gareth helped Elisa up, his gaze fixed intently on Mike. 
However, Mike wasn’t easily frightened. Who would be happy about getting beaten up for no reason at all? 
Mike snorted coldly. “You didn’t plan properly, and due to your carelessness, Bella almost ended up in the hands of that rotten old man. I was the one who rescued her, and now you want to hit me? What kind of logic is that?” 
Seeing how righteously he sounded, the couple thought they might be in the wrong. 
Upon recalling the incident with Bella, Elisa was already filled with guilt. Thus, she was inclined to believe most of what he said immediately. 
Yet, Elisa still cautiously asked, “Why are Bella’s clothes different from yesterday’s? Even… Even her underwear has been changed.” Elisa probably felt a bit embarra*sed to utter the last sentence. Also, she felt that once she pointed out what had happened, it would become a fact. 
After all, why would a man and a woman inside a room have to change clothes for no reason? 
III 
When Elisa entered the room, she noticed two tags on the bedside table. They were from a woman’s undergarment.
Clearly, it was for Bella. 
Mike’s face turned red, but he still stubbornly argued, “That fatty drugged her. Before the doctor arrived, Bella chose to take a cold bath to avoid being controlled by the drug. It was only after the doctor came and gave her an injection that she gradually fell asleep. All that happened late at night, but I couldn’t just let. her sleep like that. Otherwise, she would catch a cold.” 
Gareth frowned. “This is your reason for changing her clothes?” 
“It wasn’t me who did it!” Mike’s eyes were wide with disbelief. “I tipped the waiter to do it. I’m not the kind who takes advantage of others in their time of need.” 
The last sentence was spoken softly by Mike. 
From then on, most of Elisa’s doubts were dispelled. 
“I’m sorry for wrongly accusing you.” Elisa bowed to Mike. 
ry for wre 
Gareth watched from the side, not intervening. 
He knew she wasn’t bowing for offending Mike or misunderstanding him. 
Instead, she was doing it because she was grateful for his help when Bella was on the verge of being tarnished.
###chapter2006
Chapter 2008
Chapter 2008 The Scheme 
Mike shifted his gaze somewhat unnaturally. 
Just at that moment, Bella slowly came to her senses and recounted the whole story from beginning to end, finally bringing the matter to a complete closure. 
After expressing her gratitude once again, Elisa and Gareth brought Bella back home. 
They did not return to Wickam Manor. Naturally, they did not want to upset Julia. 
Of course, the moment Elisa found out that Bella was all right, she immediately called Julia to a*sure her that all was well. 
On the phone, Bella also a*sured Julia that she was fine. It was just that her phone had run out of battery. after returning from a business trip. 
Julia did not doubt her. She just sighed in relief. “You, don’t try to show off by going on business trips. alone in the future… cough, cough… As a girl, you still need a man by your side.” She could not stop coughing as she spoke these few short sentences. 
Bella laughed and spun a lie that she and another person had a project they needed to work on together. As such, she would not be able to return to Wickam Manor for a few days. 
On the other hand, Elisa did notice something was off and quickly asked, “Grandma, did you catch a seasonal cold? Why do I feel like you’ve been coughing all day?” 
Julia sighed, “Perhaps it’s because I’m getting old. Come back with Bella another day. It’s nothing serious.”
Elisa agreed without giving it much thoughts 
The elderly lady reminded the three of them to take care of their health while they were out and about and not to neglect everything else when they got busy with work. 
“Especially you, Liz. Out of all of you, I worry about you the most. You work so relentlessly. There’s a saying. ‘Doctors don’t treat themselves. As a doctor, how can it be good if you always have gastric issues?” 
With a smile, Elisa promised not to have any more stomach troubles. 
Bella also stepped in to ease the situation. “Grandma, rest a*sured. I will definitely help you keep a close eye on my sister-in-law… I mean, Elisa.” 
At home, she was so used to calling Elisa her sister-in-law that it almost slipped out of Bella’s mouth and made the atmosphere a bit awkward for a moment. Only Gareth was secretly laughing. 
After some more idle chatter, they hung up the phone, and the three of them went home together. 
Only when Elisa returned home did she feel completely at ease. 
She tirelessly prepared a medicinal diet to nourish the two of them. 
She certainly had not forgotten about the recurrence of Gareth’s injury. 
Bella was delighted. Being considered half an invalid, she did not have to do anything at home. She was practically living a carefree life where she was being pampered. 
There was also Mike’s occasional care and the fruits he sent over. 
Elisa gazed at the mountain-like pile of fruits and exchanged a glance with Gareth. Both of them shared an understanding smile. 
Meanwhile, at the Wickam Manor, there was no one around Julia. Kaylee knew that her opportunity to act had arrived. 
Although Bella usually left early and returned late on weekdays, she essentially stayed by Julia’s side. whenever she was at home. 
Kaylee could not find a single opportunity to take advantage of the situation, so she could only watch and wait. 
However, ever since the day Bella did not return, Kaylee’s gaze had changed. She knew that after enduring hardship for so long, it was time to test the results. 
During this period, she had been consistently using the recipes or medicines sent by the mysterious person to undermine Julia’s health. 
It was time to introduce the venomous insect now. 
So, when evening came, Kaylee brewed some tea and then placed the offspring insect inside it. She then served it to Julia. 
Julia glanced at the tea and initially did not want to drink it. She usually could not sleep if she drank tea at night. 
But for some unknown reason, perhaps because the food was a bit too salty that day, Julia inexplicably drank it down.
###chapter2007
Chapter 2009
Chapter 2009 Success 
Kaylee watched as Julia downed her drink in one gulp. The madness in her eyes was almost impossible to 
hide. 
As soon as Julia finished drinking, she felt a wave of dizziness wash over her, and her head was heavy with sleepiness. So, she let Kaylee leave. 
Kaylee did not say much and left obediently. 
However, the moment she closed the room door, the corners of her mouth that had been suppressed all along could not help but lift into a smile. 
Drinking the offspring insect meant that from now on, Julia would obey her words during the control period and execute them as if they were sacred decrees. 
Even in ordinary times, Julia would feel an inexplicable closeness to Kaylee. 
Now, how is Elisa going to compete with me? 
+ 
Kaylee pulled out her phone and sent a message of success to the mysterious person. What followed was a quiet anticipation for good news, and she was really looking forward to it. 
In the room, Julia felt a wave of turmoil. She tossed and turned in bed, unable to sleep. 
All she could see before her were those unpleasant things from the past.
In particular, the disappearances of Elisa and Gareth. They kept unfolding before her very eyes. 
It seemed as though she was determined to turn all the difficult things in her life around. 
She felt an even more intense headache as if her head was about to explode. 
“Ah— uh—” Julia seemed to be wrestling with something and felt extremely uncomfortable. Sweat trickled down her neck. 
Normally, such a commotion would have already awakened the people downstairs. 
But, as it happened, Kaylee made sure that no one was on guard that day. 
So, Julia could only moan to herself like this for nearly half an hour. 
In the end, it seemed her mind was being controlled. 
Julia curled up the corners of her mouth and fell asleep in a beautiful dream. 
Meanwhile, in her own room, Kaylee seemed to sense something, and a smile tugged at the corner of her lips. 
Now, what will Elisa, with her great powers and extraordinary wisdom, do? 
After spending a few days at home with Bella, Elisa took Rachel to visit the other party’s company on the third day. 
At first, Terence thought they were there to sign a contract, and he could not help but feel a bit smug. 
||| 
O
No matter how indifferent she appeared on the surface, she was still concerned about this contract deep. down. Otherwise, Elisa would not have come personally all the way there. 
Terence welcomed the two women into the meeting room and smiled warmly as he said, “Oh my, I really must apologize for making you come all this way, Ms. Benett. Couldn’t you have delegated the contract. signing to someone else? There was no need to trouble yourself.” 
“Sign a contract?” Elisa appeared as if she had heard some kind of joke. 
Terence’s face turned somewhat unpleasant for a moment. “So, if you’re not here to sign the contract, what exactly are you here for?” 
Elisa curved her lips. “Good question.” 
The unspoken understanding between the two, honed over many years, meant they knew exactly what to do without needing to exchange glances or words. 
Rachel handed over a letter of demand. 
Upon picking it up for a look, Terence’s face turned as black as the bottom of a pot. 
“What do you mean by this?” 
Elisa casually tucked a loose strand of hair behind her ear and said nonchalantly, “What do I mean? I should be asking what your company means by this. Is it a rule to discuss contracts over drinks? Can’t we finalize a contract without going to a bar or a hotel? So, Mr. Matthams, this is what you’re really like. Despite your age, you still harbor such indecent thoughts!” 
Terence’s face turned from pale to green as he was being lectured.
He was well aware of Brian’s actions. All these years, without his tacit approval and turning a blind eye. there was no way Brian could have been able to show off his power and get away with it. 
He knew everything, but he just chose to act as if it was none of his business unless it concerned him. 
Perhaps, to him, there was nothing wrong with his good buddy desiring a woman or two.
###chapter2008
Chapter 2010
Chapter 2010 Holding Accountable, 
Elisa didn’t want to beat around the bush, so she spoke frankly and clearly. 
“I’m afraid our collaboration with your company ends here. As for accountability, we will pursue it to the end.” Elisa tapped on the table, a subconscious gesture she made when deep in thought. 
These two blows seemed as if they had struck right at the heart of Terence. 
Watching Elisa’s aggressive demeanor, Terence felt his dignity was being trampled on. He slammed the table and pointed at Elisa, saying. “Don’t go too far! Brian and I are your seniors. We won’t tolerate such accusations! So what if we made some mistakes? Besides, nothing serious has happened yet! Moreover, when Brian returned, he was almost kicked to the point of being incapacitated by you all. What more do you want?” 
Elisa couldn’t help but laugh. She hadn’t even said anything yet, and the one who made the mistake was pointing fingers and blaming her. What kind of logic is that? From the sound of it, are they trying to shift the blame onto me? Are they expecting me to pay the medical bills, too? 
Elisa didn’t get angry. She slowly stood up and knocked off the hand that Terence was pointing at her. “Mr. Matthams, please don’t point at me. It’s not about who shouts the loudest, but who has the evidence, right? I’ve already laid out my evidence before you. If you have nothing to say, then let’s take this to court. I’m not afraid. I wonder if you are.” 
“You” Terence was so infuriated that he was almost speechless, feeling as if his heart condition was about 
to act up.
Before Terence could finish, Rachel continued, “Furthermore, Mr. Matthams, it’s clear as day from the video that Brian was plotting against our deputy CEO. We even have a confession from his accomplice. Even if he was kicked hard enough to break something, it would only be considered self-defense. Do you think we would be afraid?”. 
Upon hearing that, Terence glared at Elisa. In response, Elisa shrugged, spread her arms, and wore a face of unabashed mischief. 
Ironically, Terence just couldn’t handle her. 
The intensity of his breaths increased, and in the end, he had to force himself to calm down, to sit and talk slowly. 
The scene became somewhat unpleasant for a moment, and the atmosphere was quite awkward. 
And so they stared at each other for about five minutes until finally. Terence gave in and asked, “What do 
you want?” 
Elisa started smiling. “Well, we want you to fire Brian.” 
“Impossible!” Without a second thought, Terence rejected the idea. Brian and he had been through life- and-death situations in the military. He couldn’t fire Brian. 
Everyone who came out of the military shared a common trait. They were straightforward and would unconditionally believe and support their comrades. 
This was the case for Terence.
Elisa shrugged indifferently, then stood up. “If that’s the case, we have nothing more to discuss. I’ll see you 
||| 
in court.” 
It seemed as if Terence wanted to say something to make amends, but Elisa, accompanied by Rachel, left directly without giving him a chance to respond. 
As Rachel was about to step out the door, she didn’t forget to turn around and wave at Terence. With at beaming smile, she said, “Mr. Matthams, see you in court.” 
That look she gave was begging for a beating. 
Once the two had left, Terence completely trashed the conference room. 
Naturally, the commotion reached Elisa’s cars, but she didn’t pay it much attention. If you don’t properly control your subordinates, you can’t expect to get away with deception just by pulling rank or throwing your weight around after something happens. Over the years, countless young girls must have fallen for this trick.
###chapter2009
Chapter 2011
Chapter 2011 Dog Eat Dog 
The final outcome of that matter was a court case, However, they were in the right from the start. Coupled with Rachel’s support, it went without saying that they had the upper hand.. 
In the end, Brian was indeed sentenced. 
Regardless of whether he was fired, the outcome would be the same. 
On the day of the trial, Elisa didn’t show up. She never wasted her time on people or things that were of no use to her. 
Since she already knew the outcome, there was no need to make the trip. 
After the trial ended, Rachel gave Elisa a call. She recounted how Terence had turned pale and how Brian had been scared out of his wits, babbling nonsense. As she relayed the story, she couldn’t help but cover her stomach and laugh. “You wouldn’t believe it. The end was absolutely thrilling. It turned into a real dogfight. Speaking of Mr. Matthams, he may seem impartial, but he’s actually quite cunning. From what Brian implies, it seems he’s been scapegoated over the years.” 
On the other end of the call, Elisa also started to laugh. 
“Well, it’s only natural. Would Mr. Matthams protect Brian just because of their camaraderie? He’s obviously afraid that if Brian falls, he’ll be implicated. In plain terms, it’s nothing more than acting prudently to protect himself.” Elisa had a thorough understanding of those business tactics. 
Rachel nodded. “Finally, I’ve avenged Bella.” 
Elisa curved her lips. “This is only the beginning.”
With keen interest, Rachel raised an eyebrow. Is Elisa saying that there are still some big moves to come? 
“What other tough moves do you have? Let’s hear them,” Rachel said. 
Rachel had initially thought that Elisa would reveal some ruthless business strategies. However, after Elisa finished speaking, Rachel laughed so hard that she was on the verge of tearing up. 
With a serious expression, Elisa uttered, “Report them.” 
How is this any different from tattling to the teacher back in school? Yet, this strategy is the most straightforward and useful one. Over the years, the two of them have been evading taxes quite a bit. If they get caught, it would be a catastrophe. In truth, anyone who’s made it big in the business world has, to some extent, a few skeletons in their closet. Some are directed from above, while others are driven by their own greed. The problem lies in the fact that corruption permeates every level of Mr. Matthams’ company, making this issue far more significant. What’s worse is that they’ve crossed paths with Elisa, a person who won’t stop until she achieves her goal. I guess it won’t be long before Mr. Matthams also ends up behind bars. Rachel clicked her tongue twice, sighing deeply. 
Right then, Elisa asked, “Haven’t you hailed a cab yet?” 
Upon hearing that, Rachel snapped back to reality. She had been standing outside for quite some time, laughing so hard that she was almost rolling on the floor, yet she had completely forgotten to hail a cab. No wonder people have been giving me strange looks. They probably think I’ve lost my mind after losing a lawsuit. 
Rachel breathed a sigh of relief, thankful that there were no acquaintances around. Otherwise, she would have wished to find a crack in the ground to crawl into.
“Thanks for your reminder! I’ll call a cab right now.” Rachel began to search for her phone. 
Elisa stopped her. “No need. I’ve already arranged for someone to pick you up.” 
Rachel was greatly relieved. “So you realize how hard I’ve been working and even arranged a car for me. It seems my efforts for you weren’t in vain after all.” 
Elisa was practically suppressing her laughter, which made her voice sound a bit odd. “Yes, I’ve arranged a private driver just for you. You’ve been tired these days, and both Gareth and Bella haven’t been feeling well lately. Soaking in a hot spring to ward off the cold now that winter has arrived is a good idea. I still need to call Grandma to ask if she wants to join us… Anyway, you only need to wait there for your private driver.”
###chapter2010
Chapter 2012 The Private Chauffeur 
Unsuspecting, Rachel stood still in her place, occasionally casting a glance around. 
It wasn’t until a car with a somewhat familiar license plate pulled up in front of her that she realized something was seriously wrong. 
She stared at the familiar car model, the familiar license plate number, and the familiar face that appeared. after the window was rolled down. 
Rachel was stunned on the spot. It took her a while to regain her senses. 
“Why is it you?” 
Although he had sunglasses covering most of his face inside the car, they couldn’t conceal his arrogant expression. Who else could be so audacious but Vincent? 
The mere thought that the chauffeur Elisa was referring to was him made Rachel wish she could travel back in time. She wished she could have immediately rejected Elisa and given her a piece of her mind. 
Is this how she treats her good friend? 
I just helped her win a battle! 
After staring at Rachel for a while, Vincent noticed her puffing up in annoyance and showing no intention of getting in the car. He then honked the horn and said, “Get in the car, Miss.” 
Originally, Rachel didn’t want to get in the car, but it had started to drizzle outside. This spot was the only one where she could wait for the bus without getting wet. Unbeknownst to her, a crowd had gathered, all urging her on.
Vincent directly got out of the car with a black umbrella, intending to escort her. Helpless, Rachel could only get in the car with annoyance. 
As Vincent escorted Rachel all the way, he really did resemble a chauffeur. The people around them couldn’t help but wonder which wealthy family Rachel was from and why her driver was so handsome. 
Originally, Rachel wanted to sit in the back seat, but Vincent had already opened the front passenger door and even made a welcoming gesture. Helplessly, Rachel had no choice but to plop down into the seat. 
As Vincent reached out to close the door, Rachel beat him to it, slamming it shut with a loud “bang.” likely venting her frustration. 
The door of the new Maybach was slammed hard, yet Vincent didn’t show the slightest hint of anger. Instead, he was smiling with a face full of indulgence.. 
Immediately after, he returned to the driver’s seat and the car started up. 
As for Rachel, she didn’t even look up. As soon as she got in the car, she buried her head in her phone. bombarding Elisa with messages on WhatsApp. 
What are you up to? Liz, is this how you treat someone who helped you? 
You really have mastered the art of discarding someone after exploiting their usefulness, haven’t you? 
You didn’t mention that the chauffeur is this guy. If you had told me earlier, I would have refused outright. I knew you were up to no good. I shouldn’t have trusted what you said! 
Rachel sent several messages in a row, but there was no response from the other side.
Perhaps Elisa was making a call to Julia. Rachel didn’t make a call either and simply rolled down the window for some fresh air sullenly. 
She sat in the front passenger seat, making it easy for Vincent to observe her reactions through the rearview mirror. 
Seeing her all puffed up like that, he found her incredibly adorable. 
If the timing wasn’t so off and if he wasn’t afraid that pinching Rachel’s face at this moment would set her off, he probably would have done it already. 
Speaking of which, he really had to thank Elisa for giving them this opportunity to be alone. 
The hot spring spot was in the countryside, a place where a dead volcano was once active. 
It would take roughly two hours to reach, giving them plenty of time to spend together. 
In reality, Elisa didn’t think much of it; she just wanted Vincent to help drive Rachel there. 
The atmosphere in the car was somewhat awkward, with Vincent constantly trying to find a topic of conversation. 
“Did you just come out from a court case? How did it go?” 
Seeing that Rachel didn’t respond, Vincent deliberately provoked her. “It seems like you’ve probably lost.”
###chapter2011
Chapter 2013 Cold Attitude 
This trick indeed worked. Rachel looked up at him. “You’re the one who lost, not me. Even if you lose, I won’t.” 
Seeing Rachel finally speak, Vincent laughed like a triumphant fox, quickly following up on Rachel’s words. “Indeed, Rachel the Great Lawyer is invincible and undefeatable, so surely you will not lose. It’s just that I’m not good with words. Ms. Markee, have you finally decided to pay me some attention?” 
Hearing this, Rachel fell silent again.” 
Vincent also didn’t seem to be in the mood to keep the conversation going. They didn’t exchange many words throughout the journey. 
Over at Elisa’s, she notified Gareth and Bella, asking them to drive over and pick her up. Then, they would all go to Wickam Manor to fetch Julia, and the four of them would head to the hot springs together. 
In her view, there was no reason for Julia to refuse. 
But when she made the call, it was immediately cut off. 
Elisa was somewhat taken aback, as she had never encountered such a situation before.. 
Either the call got picked up instantly, or Julia had fallen asleep and the call just couldn’t get through. 
What’s the deal with this abrupt hanging up? 
In Wickam Manor, Kaylee looked at the disconnected call, a smug smile playing on her lips. 
Elisa probably never imagined that there would come a day when she would be hung up on, right? 
Elisa made two more calls, both of which were hung up on too.
She was so anxious that she thought something bad had happened. Just as she was about to call Maria, Julia’s call finally came. 
When Elisa connected the call, she let out a sigh of relief. “Grandma, what are you up to? You weren’t answering the phone. I thought something had happened at home. You gave me quite a scare.” 
Over there, there was an eerie silence. 
After about a minute or two of silence, Elisa sensed something was off. She repeatedly checked on the other end of the phone. “Grandma, are you still there? Can you hear me?” 
“Grandma?” 
After asking like this four or five times, Julia’s voice finally came through. 
“Is there something you need?” 
She spoke in a strictly business-like tone without a hint of emotion. 
Julia had never spoken to Elisa in such a tone before. She had always been cheerful when answering the phone. You could even feel her happiness through the calls. 
But this time, it was quite different. 
The feeling it gave Elisa was very odd. 
Suppressing the strange feeling in her heart, Elisa spoke up. “Grandma, we’re planning to go soak in the hot springs. Winter is here, after all, and soaking in the hot springs is beneficial for health and blood circulation.” 
There was another bout of eerie silence. After a while, Julia responded indifferently with a single word, “Oh.”
Elisa couldn’t help but ask, “Grandma, are you feeling unwell?” 
Julia’s response this time was much quicker. 
“No.” 
Elisa felt something was off, but she couldn’t quite put her finger on it. All she could do was tentatively ask. “We’ll pick you up in a bit, and we’ll go to the hot springs together, okay?” 
“Sure.” 
Julia’s response was still brief. Perhaps she simply didn’t want to waste her breath. 
But she had never treated Elisa like this before. 
Elisa was genuinely taken aback and wanted to ask more, but the call was abruptly ended on the other end, 
She stared at the phone with her brows furrowed, utterly baffled. 
On the other hand, Kaylee, after hanging up the phone, was looking at Julia, who seemed a bit dazed. She was quite pleased. 
Elisa probably can’t figure out why Julia is being so cold toward her, can she?
###chapter2012
Chapter 2014 Coercion. 
Elisa indeed couldn’t understand, and she seemed a bit distracted after getting in the car. 
The one driving was Gareth, and surprisingly, Bella gave up the passenger seat for Elisa. 
And so, Elisa took a seat next to Gareth. If it were in the past, she probably would have made a joke or two. 
For instance, how could she possibly have the audacity to ask him to act as a driver? 
But this time, she didn’t. Elisa seemed to be weighed down by worries. 
While keeping an eye on the road, Gareth was also observing Elisa’s reactions. 
Bella also noticed that something was wrong with Elisa, but she didn’t say a word. 
As the car entered the manor, Gareth finally asked, “Is there something at the company that hasn’t been dealt with?” 
Only then did Elisa snap back to reality. She glanced at Gareth, then shook her head gently, whispering. 
“No.” 
Leaning against the backrest, Bella asked, “Is it because I haven’t been to the company these past few days?” 
Elisa shook her head again. 
“Is it because something happened on Mr. Whitford’s end?”
Seeing Bella continuously taking all the responsibility upon herself, Elisa spoke up to explain. “It’s not your fault. The issues with Mr. Whitford have already been resolved. Rachel just returned from court today.” 
Upon hearing that, Bella nodded, not asking any more questions. 
Elisa didn’t plan to share her thoughts either. After all, it was just a hunch. Neither of them insisted on probing further. 
The car came to a smooth stop, and looking up, the gate came perfectly into view, 
At the main entrance, Julia was nowhere to be seen, but there was Kaylee, laden with bags big and small. 
Bella glanced at Elisa, hesitating before she spoke. “What does this mean? Grandma isn’t here, but Kaylee. is… 
Bella didn’t finish her sentence. Everyone present understood. 
Taking into account the phone call from earlier today, Elisa frowned. 
After a moment of contemplation, Elisa exited the car with Bella and Gareth closely following behind her. 
Upon reaching the door, Bella couldn’t help but glance over Kaylee’s shoulder. Her grandmother was indeed not there, which left her feeling somewhat disappointed. 
Bella’s gesture did not escape Kaylee’s eyes. She felt quite smug, yet she didn’t show a hint of it on her face. Instead, she lowered her head, giving off a somewhat shy demeanor. “I really appreciate you all coming to pick me up…
Bella looked at her pretentious demeanor and couldn’t help but roll her eyes. She blurted out, “We didn’t come here specifically to pick you up. We didn’t even invite you. I don’t know why you just assumed and stood at the door. And you even thought we came to pick you up.” 
As soon as those words were spoken, Kaylee’s expression underwent a series of changes. 
The sight was truly spectacular. 
She cautiously glanced at Gareth, stammering, “I know you all didn’t come specifically for me. I don’t have that kind of influence.” After saying this, she even let out a self-deprecating laugh. 
She then turned to Bella, explaining with a sincere look on her face, “It’s just that Madam Smith insisted I accompany her. I couldn’t really go against her wishes, so… I apologize for any inconvenience caused.” 
Bella gave a cold snort. Yeah, right. Everyone knows just how much Grandma despises her. Grandma is merely asking her to stay so that she can monitor Kaylee and prevent her from stirring up any trouble. Otherwise, there’s no reason Grandma will want to live with her. 
“So, what you’re saying is, my grandma forced you?” Bella was unconvinced. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged glances. It was clear that they, too, found it hard to believe.
###chapter2013
Chapter 2015 Estrangement 
“No, no, no.” Kaylee quickly waved her hands. “Madam Smith also has my best interests at heart. She u- understands my intention, so how can this be considered as forcing?” 
Bella didn’t want to continue arguing with her. Anyway, she didn’t believe the nonsense Kaylee was spouting. The atmosphere became a bit awkward for a moment. 
After a moment of contemplation, Elisa asked, “Where is Grandma? I want to go see her.” 
Kaylee fathomed Elisa’s intention. She knew that although Elisa said she just wanted to see Julia, in reality, she wanted to seek confirmation about that matter. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t care because confirming that matter or not wouldn’t make any difference. 
Moreover, it was not even certain that Elisa would be able to see Julia.. 
Kaylee said. “She’s in the garden, but I doubt you’ll be able to see Madam Smith right now.” 
Elisa looked at her with a puzzled expression. 
Kaylee said, “It’s better if we don’t disturb Madam Smith because she’s taking her afternoon nap right now 
She spoke as if she was the lady of the house, gently turning away a guest. 
Bella was a bit dissatisfied, but she didn’t say anything. 
Elisa didn’t make a fuss. She simply said, “It’s okay. I’ll just take a quick look. If Grandma is resting. I won’t disturb her.” 
Upon hearing that, Kaylee could no longer .
“E-Elisa, I’ll go with you.” Bellan spoke up at that moment and then entered the room. 
She really didn’t want to be with Kaylee. Watching the latter deliberately being seductive was truly nauseating. 
The other reason she tagged along was that she wanted to ask her grandmother in person what exactly was going on. Is there some sort of scheme? Why is it that none of us know about Grandma’s plans? She suddenly took in Kaylee just like that. 
Elisa and Bella entered the house, making their way unobstructed to the back garden. 
Just as Kaylee had said, Grandma indeed fell asleep while basking in the sun. 
Instead of leaving directly, Elisa went over and moved a sun umbrella. 
After all, it wasn’t something good for Julia to be exposed to direct sunlight. 
Julia was roused awake, perhaps due to the commotion. She opened her eyes in a daze. When she saw Elisa, she reacted as if she were looking at a stranger. 
She merely lifted her eyelids to take a quick glance, then closed her eyes and continued to sleep. 
Bella saw Julia open her eyes and joyfully exclaimed, “Grandma, you’re awake!” 
Julia probably didn’t want to be bothered, but after being shouted at by Bella, she didn’t feel it appropriate to pretend to be asleep. So, she simply woke up. 
Elisa was also somewhat surprised as she looked at Julia. She had just squatted down, wanting to have a heart-to-heart talk with Julia, but to her surprise, Julia had chosen to sit a bit further away. 
The way she looked at Elisa was as if she was staring at some highly dangerous fugitive.
“Grandma…” Elisa was a bit taken aback, calling out to Julia. 
However, Julia didn’t react much, appearing somewhat in a daze. 
Elisa wanted to get closer, but Julia simply sat up and moved a bit further away from Elisa, gazing at Elisa with a cautious and defensive look. 
Elisa was somewhat puzzled. She glanced at Bella, who also shook her head in bafflement. 
Bella also didn’t know what was going on. 
Elisa softened her voice. “Grandma, it’s me, Elisa. I’m here to take you to the hot springs. We agreed on this over the phone, don’t you remember?” 
Watching Elisa speak in a tone like coaxing a child, Bella bit her lip, somewhat at a loss for words. 
Upon hearing Elisa’s name, Julia’s scattered gaze gradually began to focus, and she soon regained her composure.
###chapter2014
Chapter 2016 Unexpected Turn Of Events 
That made Elisa feel very uncomfortable, and a bad premonition was brewing in her chest. 
Julia paused for a moment. Her tone was steady when she said, “Something came up, and I don’t want to go anymore. You guys go with Kaylee.” Before leaving, she added, “Don’t bully her. She’s a good kid.” 
With just that one sentence, Julia blew Bella’s mind. 
If Bella hadn’t seen it with her own eyes, she would never have imagined that Julia would say such things, especially when Kaylee was the person she was comforting so thoughtfully. This world is truly filled with mystery and fantasy. 
Elisa wanted to say something more, but Julia had already left abruptly. 
The two exchanged a glance, both seeing solemnity in each other’s eyes. What’s going on here? 
Meanwhile, at the doorway, only Gareth and Kaylee were left. 
Naturally, Kaylee couldn’t hold back and always had to strike up a conversation. 
“Gareth, I was wrong before… I did some bad things and said some bad words, causing a rift between you and Elisa…” As she spoke, Kaylee lowered her head, pretending to wipe away tears. 
After that, she looked up and said, “After spending some time with Madam Smith, however, I truly understand that some things can’t be forced. I will silently bless you and Elisa, so could you please not hold any prejudice against me in the future? Consider it a favor I’m asking of you.” 
Despite hearing those words, Gareth couldn’t help but feel that time was moving too slowly. Why haven’t Liz and Bella appeared yet?
In response to those words, he merely hummed nonchalantly, not wanting to prolong the conversation. 
Kaylee also understood Gareth’s intentions, but she did what she said she would do, not to entangle but to silently wish him well. 
The two of them stood outside. Gareth felt awkward, but Kaylee wished that time could stretch on and on. 
Elisa was caught off guard, but she had to eventually leave the house. 
Just as she was about to step out, she was stopped by Maria. 
“Ms. Elisa,” Maria called out, glancing around to make sure no one was around. “Judging by your appearance, it seems you’ve already seen Madam Smith, I guess things didn’t go well. Madam Smith has been acting quite out of character these past few days, and I don’t know why.” 
Bella chimed in from the side, “Maria, tell us what’s wrong.” 
Maria sighed. “Madam Smith used to listen to Ms. Benelt and never ate cold-natured foods like raw fish slices. But recently, I don’t know what’s gotten into her. She’s been wanting to eat crabs and salmon, and once she starts, she can’t stop.” As she spoke, Maria let out another sigh. “I was trying to persuade Madam Smith on the side, but she just kept glaring at me. As for Ms. Knapp, who was brought back, she was even more domineering, openly and secretly accusing me of not knowing my place and meddling in Madam Smith’s affairs.” 
Maria was an old-timer in the manor, and she was also the one who was most in tune with Julia’s wishes. 
Naturally, she was the first to notice that something was off with Julia.
After pondering for a while upon hearing that, Elisa asked, “Is there anything else?” 
“Of course, there is. How could there not be?” Maria seemed to have opened a floodgate of words, pouring out her grievances all at once person 
“Also, Madam Smith’s personality has changed drastically. She used to be the most gentle and kind to her servants, but now she seems a bit irritable. Especially when it comes to defending Ms. Knapp.” With that, Maria looked around, probably afraid of being overheard. “There was once when Ms. Knapp wanted. to eat fish stew, but the chef didn’t know how to prepare it in the style of her hometown. This upset Madam Smith so much that she fired the chef in a fit of anger.”
###chapter2015
Chapter 2017 Awkwardness 
That indeed qualified as a drastic change in temperament and for no apparent reason at all. 
If a person’s temperament changed drastically, it was either because they had encountered some misfortune or they had been overwhelmed by sorrow. 
Yet, Julia hadn’t been up to much. 
The day before Bella disappeared, Elisa had called to check in, and everything seemed fine. How did everything change so quickly and drastically? 
Elisa was utterly perplexed, and Bella was even more so. 
Maria couldn’t help but mutter to herself, “It seems like someone has bewitched Madam Smith. This is such a tragedy…” With that, she headed to the kitchen. 
Bewitched? Images flashed through Elisa’s mind as if struck by lightning, but it was merely a fleeting moment, one that couldn’t be captured. 
Bella muttered to herself, “Is Kaylee really that great? Even Grandma has changed her attitude toward her. It’s really strange…” 
The two didn’t wait long, and with heads full of questions, they stepped out. 
Gareth had been waiting for a long time. Judging by the expressions on their faces, he knew something had happened. 
Gareth and Elisa exchanged a distant glance, with Elisa shaking her head at him. 
Gareth understood then and didn’t ask any more questions. Well, Grandma is definitely not coming along, so Kaylee is certainly required to accompany us. Why did Grandma ask us to pick up Kaylee?
Since things have come to this, there’s nothing to do but proceed. 
The atmosphere in the car was somewhat awkward. Kaylee probably knew that she was the reason for the discomfort, so she didn’t say much. At times, speaking up doesn’t annoy others but rather shows a great deal of self-awareness. 
“This is a folk remedy from my family, a piece of ginger. Keep it in your mouth, and it’ll ward off car sickness. You guys can give it a try,” Kaylee said. 
After Kaylee finished speaking, she looked around. No one seemed interested in what she had to say. 
Most of the time, it was Kaylee who was being attentive, while the others just ignored her. 
As time passed, Kaylee stopped wasting her breath and eventually stopped speaking. 
And so, they journeyed to Mount Lusetonas in silence. 
Although that place was in the countryside, they could book a luxurious five-star hotel. 
The main reason was that the place was initially very poor, but it had developed due to the growth of the tourism industry. 
In other words, the tourism industry naturally did its job. 
When the two groups met, they all basically wore long faces. 
Feeling that Elisa betrayed her, Rachel didn’t want to be with Vincent. 
Nobody in the other car wanted to talk to Kaylee.
And as for Elisa, ever since she got in the car, she had been absent-minded and lost in her thoughts. It was hard to tell what she was thinking about. 
Originally, Rachel had made up her mind, thinking that when she saw Elisa, she was definitely going to give her a good talking-to, then treat her to a fine meal, and finally, make Elisa pay a hefty bill. 
To Rachel’s surprise, Kaylee was there. 
Rachel pulled Elisa aside, ensuring the others couldn’t hear their conversation. Then, she lowered her voice and asked Elisa, “What’s going on? Have you lost your mind? Why did you bring Kaylee? I thought you said we were here to relax. Weren’t you supposed to pick up Madam Smith? Why didn’t Madam Smith come, and instead, you brought a jinx? How are we supposed to relax now?” 
Elisa was left both amused and exasperated by her barrage of questions. “You have so many questions. Which one should I answer first?” 
Seeing that Elisa still had the energy to talk back, Rachel gave her a glance. “Of course, all questions must be answered, one by one, slowly and carefully.” 
Only then did Elisa recount the entire incident truthfully, omitting Julia’s reaction, merely glossing over it in a single sentence.
###chapter2016
Chapter 2018 Be Careful 
“In any case, Grandma has been acting quite out of character lately, seeing that she’s getting quite close to Kaylee. Didn’t she just ask us to bring Kaylee over?” 
Elisa was somewhat helpless. It was the first time Rachel had seen Elisa in such a state of indecision. 
Every time something happened in the past, Elisa always seemed unstoppable. 
Rachel found that sight of Elisa both amusing and frustrating. 
After a moment of contemplation, Rachel suddenly grabbed Elisa’s arm. With a somewhat terrified. expression, Elisa stared at her in surprise. “W-What’s wrong?” 
Rachel said, “I suddenly remembered something. Do you remember what you told me before? You said that seeing Kaylee makes you genuinely uncomfortable. You also mentioned she’s a Wyrithian and always mumbling about something. Could there really be something to it?” 
If that had happened in the past, Elisa would definitely have laughed and teased Rachel for taking the idea seriously. 
After all, she had always been an atheist, not believing in the supernatural. 
However, at that moment, she was unable to retort Rachel. It does seem quite mysterious. 
Seeing Rachel’s anxious expression, Elisa still spoke against her own feelings. “Why are you bringing that up? You know I’ve never believed in these things” 
Seeing Elisa dismiss her concerns, Rachel became somewhat anxious. “Tell me why Madam Smith’s personality changed so drastically then. Not to mention, it happened when Kaylee was at your place. You better be careful.”
Elisa was deep in her thoughts and nodded in a daze when she heard the last sentence. 
“You should be careful around people, too.” Elisa seemed to be saying that to Rachel but also herself. In her mind, she knew she had to tell Bella as well. 
After the two finished their discussion and returned, they noticed the others looked somewhat displeased. Rachel thought perhaps she had been speaking too loudly earlier. 
Rachel felt a bit guilty and tentatively asked, “What’s the matter? Why are you looking like this? Has something happened?” 
Elisa also looked toward Gareth. 
Bella looked left and right, feeling that she would have to be the one to broach the subject. 
However, she felt too awkward to do so. 
Seeing the troubled expression on Bella’s face and her hesitation to speak, Elisa comforted her with a smile. “It’s okay. If there’s a problem, we can solve it together. There’s no need to furrow your brows like that.” 
Bella smiled bitterly. To think she’s still in the mood to joke around. The mood among those present was complex, except for Kaylee of course. 
It was undeniable that Elisa’s words did have an effect. Bella blinked before finally making up her mind to say. “The booking was too late. There are no rooms left. 
Upon hearing that, Rachel quietly breathed a sigh of relief. 
Elisa was momentarily stunned, and then she laughed. “Is that all? And here I thought it was something serious.”
Bella revealed a troubled expression, “Isn’t this matter serious enough?” 
It was quite clear that Kaylee had no place to stay. 
The plan was to have two people sleep in one room so Kaylee could have one to herself. However, Kaylee requested to have someone sleep with her because she didn’t know her way around a hotel. 
As such, the problem became who should be the one to sleep with her. 
Thus, the scene fell into an eerie silence. 
Although Kaylee wanted to be with Gareth, she had just admitted her mistake. It wouldn’t be appropriate. for her to make that request so soon after. Furthermore, Gareth probably would disagree anyway.
###chapter2017
Chapter 2019 Living Together 
Therefore, Kaylee’s goal was to follow one of the three people in Elisa’s group and seize the opportunity to trip them up. 
Upon hearing Kaylee’s desire to sleep with someone, Elisa turned to look at Bella’s troubled look. She could tell Bella was very reluctant to do so. 
With a knowing smile, Elisa decided not to let everyone stand awkwardly at the door. She said, “That’s easy. I’ll sleep with Kaylee.” 
Upon hearing that, Kaylee looked at Elisa, surprised that the latter agreed so readily. 
However, Gareth, Bella, and Rachel reflexively rejected the idea in unison. 
“No.” 
“Absolutely not!” 
“It’s not appropriate!” 
In response, Kaylee grimaced. 
Elisa glanced at Kaylee before gazing at her close ones. “Why can’t it be done? What’s the big deal? Wouldn’t it be fine if you just gave me two room keys?] 
Kaylee looked at Gareth with a hurt expression, silently asking why he rejected the idea. However, Gareth didn’t even spare her a glance. His gaze was solely fixed on Elisa. 
Elisa didn’t seem to care much, but Bella and Rachel appeared very anxious. 
However, they couldn’t just blurt the reasons in front of Kaylee.
As much as they wanted to say Kaylee was dangerous and Elisa shouldn’t have any contact with Kaylee, they couldn’t. 
No matter how much they disliked Kaylee, she had “reformed herself.” 
Additionally, Kaylee hadn’t done anything terrible. As such, if they constantly disdained Kaylee, she would have something to hold against them. She could say they were petty, that they were still holding grudges. over things that happened long ago. It was hard to argue against that. 
Elisa and Gareth exchanged a glance to reassure each other. Then she said, “All right, I’ve decided on this matter. If you can think of a better solution, we can discuss it later. We shouldn’t keep standing at the door. It’s making us look ridiculous. People may think we didn’t book a room.” 
With that, Elisa urged everyone to enter the lobby. 
Kaylee laughed brightly, expressing her thanks with a crisp and lively voice. “Thank you so much, Elisa. I’m glad you’re willing to stay with me. This is my first time at a hotel, so I don’t understand how anything. works. I’m so stupid. Although, I’ll be fine once I get used to it.” 
Elisa nodded with a quiet smile, clearly showing no desire to continue the conversation with Kaylee. 
Kaylee was quite adept at reading people’s expressions. 
Seeing that Elisa was unwilling to talk to her, she didn’t insist on continuing the conversation. 
All Kaylee said was a few appropriate words to bridge the gap between the two of them. Afterward, Kaylee obediently walked ahead, following behind Gareth. However, they always maintained their distance, demonstrating a flawless understanding of etiquette.
Elisa trailed behind, leisurely walking with her hands behind her back, waiting for them to go to the front desk to check in first.. 
Rachel noticed that and deliberately slowed down to wait for Elisa. 
As Elisa approached her, Rachel couldn’t help but lower her voice and ask, “What’s going on? Didn’t we just agree to be careful? Not only did you disregard my warning, you’re even trying to enter the lion’s den! Why are you taking such a great risk? Do you want to test if that Wyrithian will cast a spell on you. you sleep?” 
After pondering for a while, Elisa said seriously, “She doesn’t have my birth date and time.” 
Rachel rolled her eyes.
###chapter2018
Chapter 2020 Caution 
“Liz, can you be more serious at a time like this?” 
Elisa gave a slight nod. I’m pretty serious. There’s no way Kaylee could have my birth date and time. Not about such precise details anyway. 
Rachel was seething with anger. She was upset about how Elisa seemed nonchalant about her own safety. This is no different from scheming to take advantage of a predator. She’s simply disregarding her own safety. Perhaps one could still get something from taking advantage of their predator. But what can she get from staying with Kaylee? 
Rachel puffed up in annoyance. “There are also curses that don’t require one’s birth date and time… Even if she doesn’t curse you, she can poison you, and you’ll still be in trouble. Even if she doesn’t poison you, she might try to cause problems for you. Anyway, she has made it clear that she knows nothing. Doesn’t that mean she’s a fool? It’s more than normal for fools like her to cause trouble.” 
Rachel became more and more agitated as she spoke. “When the time comes, you’ll have to bear all responsibility for anything that happens.” 
Elisa patted Rachel’s shoulder. “Look at you. You’re getting more and more worked up.” 
“How can I not get worked up?” Rachel widened her eyes. “If there’s no other choice, I’ll share a room with her 
Elisa laughed and said, “Aren’t you afraid she might implant a parasite on you, curse you, or stir trouble for you?” 
Rachel was overwhelmed by anxiety upon seeing how Elisa was still joking around. “Let her deal with me then. At least I have my guard up against her… Regardless, I’ll deal with her better than you do.”
Seeing how edgy Rachel was, Elisa understood that the former was genuinely concerned about her and decided to stop teasing her to save the trouble of having to appease her if she flew into a rage. 
“Don’t worry. I know what to do. Didn’t I ask for two rooms? We’ll each take a room and won’t disturb each other. Besides, I’ll lock my door tight when I sleep at night. No matter how brilliant she is, she can’t possibly tear down the door, right?” Elisa said. 
Hearing that, Rachel wanted to say something, but Elisa cut her off. “All right. Why don’t you reserve some energy to go to the hot spring later? By the way, what kind of swimsuit did you bring? Which brand is it?” 
With that, Rachel’s attention was successfully diverted. The two began chatting about random stuff until they completed the check-in procedure. 
When Kaylee timidly approached them with a keycard, Rachel finally realized that she had fallen into the trap. 
I wanted to reprimand Liz for what she was doing. How did we end up talking about swimsuit brands? But there’s no chance to say anything more. Kaylee’s here now. 
Rachel’s expression was grim as she threw Kaylee a somewhat unfriendly glare. 
Kaylee looked apprehensive and dared not even breathe loudly. That made Rachel seem like she was the villam instead. 
Nonetheless, Rachel had not forgotten how arrogant Kaylee had been at the hotel previously. 
She has such erratic mood swings. That’s enough to prove how terrifying she can be.
“Rachel, why are you staring at me like that? Is there something on my face?” Kaylee touched her face in confusion. 
Elisa figured it was inappropriate for Rachel to stare so intently, so she nudged the latter’s elbow. 
“That’s enough. Hurry up and head upstairs. The porter is waiting.” 
As Elisa spoke, she signaled the hotel porter carrying the luggage behind her with her gaze. Only then did Rachel do as she was told.
###chapter2019
Chapter 2021 Testing The Waters 
When Rachel stormed off, she even threw Kaylee a fierce glare. 
Before she left, she warned, “Ms. Knapp, if you encounter any problems while staying at the hotel, the first thing you should do is contact the front desk.” 
Kaylee nodded, appearing slightly terrified. 
Rachel hated seeing that sight, so she shifted her gaze away to avoid being annoyed. 
She whipped her head around to look at Elisa, who gave her a nod. The former then hurried off like a gust of wind. 
Vincent followed behind as she left. 
Even from afar, their conversation could be heard clearly. 
“Why are you so angry? Who annoyed you?” 
“It’s you. You better stay away from me.” 
“Wait… What have I done to make you angry? You should tell me the reason, at the very least.” 
Watching their retreating figures, Elisa curled the corners of her lips into a smile. 
Elisa didn’t know when Gareth came over. She snapped back to her senses, stared at him, and nodded when his deep voice rang out next to her ear. “Let’s go.” 
The two walked side by side at the front.. 
Bella followed half a step behind, with Kaylee beside her.
Kaylee secretly swept her gaze across the two before her and forcefully suppressed the envy overflowing in her eyes. 
Walking in front, Elisa and Gareth occasionally exchanged a few words and shared a chuckle. 
They gave off an intimate yet comfortable vibe, something that no one could come in between. 
Bella could not help but click her tongue upon seeing the sight. 
Realizing that Kaylee was still beside her, she had an idea and intentionally said, “In my opinion, they are a perfect match. A perfect match always looks good together, no matter what… Ms. Knapp, what do you think?” 
Hearing her name being called out of the blue, Kaylee regained her composure, though still somewhat dazed. 
Only after processing what Bella had said earlier did Kaylee nod in acknowledgment. 
“Y-Yes…” Kaylee looked ahead again, likely in the direction of Gareth. She was visibly dejected as she muttered softly, “They make a good match indeed.” 
Bella nodded with a smile. “You certainly have an eye for beauty, Ms. Knapp. No wonder my grandma likes. you… 
Oh yes, you know my grandma is a believer in the Facloria religion, right?” 
She abruptly changed the topic of the conversation to be about Julia. 
Kaylee nodded in caution. “Yes, I am aware of that.”
Bella smiled. “I heard your tribe also believes in that religion and is somewhat mysterious. You guys are even well-versed in sorcery… Perhaps it’s because you share a common topic to talk about with my grandma. That explains why I was only away for a few days, yet she became so fond of you.” 
Bella was trying to sound Kaylee out, but at the same time, her words were also a genuine expression of her feelings. After all, she was a little jealous to some extent. 
Even if she thought long and hard about it, she could not figure out why her grandma would suddenly treat Kaylee so well. 
It was to the extent that Kaylee’s treatment was better than what Elisa or herself would receive. That left Bella utterly baffled. 
Kaylee knew Bella was testing the waters. Her palms were sweating unconsciously when the latter began to talk about sorcery. 
She was even beginning to suspect that Bella had discovered something. 
On second thought, that might not be the case. If Bella really knew something, why would she still be so polite toward me and even try to sound me out? She probably would’ve called the police to take me to jail. 
With these thoughts, the anxiety in Kaylee’s heart finally dissipated. 
Then again, she knew she must not arouse their suspicions, so she tried to remain composed. “Really? I hadn’t heard about that before. It’s probably just rumors spreading around.”
###chapter2020
Chapter 2022 Checking In 
Bella originally wanted to say something more, but they were already nearing the gate. 
Elisa’s room was in the middle, with Bella’s on the left and Gareth’s on the right. Directly across were Vincent and Rachel’s rooms. 
If it weren’t for the frustration caused by Elisa’s direct agreement to Kaylee’s request, Rachel would probably be looking for someone to switch rooms with at this moment. 
Still, that was fine. They had a love-hate relationship. 
When they reached the door, Gareth whispered something to Elisa, but it was unclear what he said. 
In short, she gave a reassuring smile, as if to put Gareth at ease. Then, she swiped her room card and stepped inside. 
Bella deliberately observed Kaylee’s expression. Nothing appeared amiss with the latter. 
Gareth stood still, watching Elisa enter the room. Kaylee could feel that the moment she stepped into the room. Gareth had already shifted his gaze away. 
Although she felt aggrieved and resentful, Kaylee did not show it at all. 
Inattention to small details could lead to big problems. Now that Julia had been taken care of, there was nothing she couldn’t handle. 
All she needed to do was trip Elisa up at the right time and act like a good girl to salvage her image the rest of the time. 
Upon entering the room and taking in the whole view, Kaylee couldn’t help but exclaim, “This house is so big.”
It was much larger than the hotel where she previously stayed. 
Elisa chuckled, showing no particular emotion, and kindly said, “There are two rooms in total. You can choose whichever you’d like to sleep in.” 
Watching Elisa’s calm demeanor and recalling her own amazed reaction just now, Kaylee bit her lip. Would Elisa secretly look down on me? Yes. She definitely would. She might even tell others about it. 
Kaylee bit her lip, lost in her own imagination. 
Elisa waited for a while but got no response from Kaylee. She waved her hand in front of the latter’s face. “What are you thinking about? You seem so engrossed in your thoughts.” 
“Ah… no, I’m fine.” Kaylee felt a bit awkward, still in a daze. 
Elisa didn’t dwell on the issue any longer. Instead, she patiently repeated, “Okay. Why don’t which room you’d like to stay in?” 
Kaylee nodded, picked up her suitcase, and began to look around. 
There were two rooms. One was the master bedroom, and the other was the secondary bedroom, both with balconies and quite spacious. The only difference was that the master bedroom was slightly larger and had a bathtub. 
However, the second bedroom was closer to Gareth’s room. 
Even though Kaylee knew that the soundproofing in this grand hotel was undoubtedly top-notch, she still wanted to be closer to Gareth. So, she chose the second bedroom. 
Upon seeing the situatión, Elisa simply asked, “Are you sure?”
After receiving an affirmative response from Kaylee, Elisa didn’t argue further. This is her own choice, so there’s no need to question why. 
Elisa didn’t persist, which was quite surprising to Kaylee. I thought she would put on an act and make a few excuses, but unexpectedly… You’re probably dying to move into the master bedroom, aren’t you? 
Elisa probably had no idea Kaylee was assessing her with such thoughts. If she knew, she would undoubtedly be caught between laughter and tears. 
Everyone was busy packing up their things. They had formed a small group chat from the time they had gone out drinking before. 
After tidying up, Elisa lay on her bed and took out her phone. She snapped a photo from the balcony and sent a message. 
Elisa. The best viewing spot! Haha! 
Not long after, Gareth posted a photo of the balcony. 
Gareth: This spot is pretty good too.
###chapter2021
Chapter 2023 Nosebleed 
Rachel sent an emoticon featuring a sidelong smile, and everyone started chatting like that, 
Suddenly, Bella spoke up. 
Bella: Hey, hey, hey, come quickly to the balcony. From here, you can overlook the entire hot spring. Everything is in full view. Isn’t it a great viewing spot? Gareth and Elisa, come and see. 
Due to their location, Rachel and Vincent couldn’t see the view, which frustrated Rachel to the point of venting in the group chat. 
Rachel: Could my luck be any worse? 
She was implying that not only her hotel room couldn’t see the hot spring, but an annoying man was also staying in the room next door. 
Vincent seemed oblivious to the hidden meaning in Rachel’s words and simply followed along. 
Vincent: Really? I actually think this spot is quite nice. At least it’s peaceful at night, isn’t it? 
Rachel didn’t reply anymore. Instead, she knocked on Elisa’s door, wanting to enjoy the balcony view with her 
Elisa didn’t refuse. After all, the purpose of going out to have fun was to be happy. 
Upon reaching the balcony, it was discovered that not only was Bella there, but also Gareth. 
However, Bella’s room was just next door, roughly about two meters away from the two of them. 
But Bella’s situation was different. With Kaylee’s room in between, she was approximately five meters away from Elisa.
The group exchanged glances and shared a laugh. 
Pointing down, Bella covered her mouth, expressing her surprise, “Quick, look! Their figures are quite impressive, aren’t they?” 
That was a five-star hotel that only the wealthy could afford to patronize. The affluent had high standards for themselves. Therefore, they maintained their good physique to keep themselves attractive. Moreover, all of them were good-looking. 
If not, the guests tagged along with wealthy people, so they would undoubtedly be good-looking. 
Moreover, in order to expand their business, Mount Lusetonas often invited celebrities and influencers to enjoy the hot springs for free. 
Therefore, at first glance, those people at the pool were indeed quite captivating. 
Rachel was having trouble averting her gaze. 
“Oh my!” Rachel let out a shout, and in an instant, all eyes were on her. 
They saw Rachel covering her nose in a somewhat awkward manner. 
Bella burst into laughter, pointed at Rachel, and said, “What’s the matter with you? It’s not like you’ve never seen a handsome guy before. Isn’t there a handsome guy living right next to you? Is it really that big of a deal?” 
Feeling both shy and embarrassed, Rachel quickly covered her nose, tilted her head back, and hurried off. 
With a strong effort to suppress her laughter, Elisa reminded from behind, “Stop tilting your head backs Otherwise, the blood might flow back and block your nostrils!”
She wondered if Rachel heard her. 
After watching Rachel leave, Elisa pulled out her phone and started furiously typing a message to someone. 
Vincent: Why has everyone gone quiet? Are you all up to something behind my back? @MarkeeLawyer, what are you. doing? @Elisalsa, what are you up to? 
Suppressing a laugh, Elisa composed and sent out a message. 
After sending a few exclamation marks, Vincent stopped talking. He probably went to find Rachel. 
Elisa finally felt at ease after knowing someone was going to take care of Rachel. 
Then, she returned to the balcony. 
Perhaps it was the commotion earlier that had caught Kaylee’s attention. When Elisa instinctively looked toward Gareth, she happened to meet Kaylee’s gaze. 
Kaylee smiled at Elisa, and Elisa responded with a smile in return. 
Kaylee was somewhat puzzled, wondering why everyone seemed to have agreed to come up to the balcony and what they were looking at. 
Just as she was about to speak, Bella returned to her own room. 
Elisa and Bella returned to their room. Kaylee also turned around and returned to her room. 
Kaylee was stunned, watching them leave one after another without even saying goodbye. She felt a little displeased.
###chapter2022
Chapter 2024 Shunned 
She felt somewhat disrespected. 
When she turned to look at Gareth, she realized he had already left without her knowing when. 
For a moment, Kaylee felt somewhat defeated, but more than that, she felt resentment. What more do I need to do to not get hated? Also, there’s Elisa, who claims not to care, yet her actions reveal otherwise. 
In Kaylee’s view, Elisa was being two-faced. 
Kaylee, huffing and puffing, also entered the room. 
When it was time for a meal, the group had already discussed and decided on what to eat and when in their chat. 
When Elisa left the house, she called out to Kaylee, saying, “Ms. Knapp, it’s mealtime. The restaurant is just downstairs. Would you like to join?” 
Kaylee was waiting for something, probably hoping to bump into Gareth as they went downstairs together. Perhaps she was hoping for a serendipitous encounter, so she turned Elisa down. 
Oh! N-No need. I’m still changing clothes. You go ahead first.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa didn’t insist. She knocked on Bella’s door, and they both went downstairs together. 
As for Gareth, he had already left. 
When Kaylee arrived, everyone was already neatly dressed and seated at the large round table except for Vincent and Rachel.
Vincent, being assertive, took Rachel to see the doctor. They would probably be back in a while. 
When Kaylee saw Gareth sitting at the table, she felt a mix of slight resentment and a touch of helplessness. 
“Have a seat,” Elisa said, effectively easing Kaylee’s awkwardness. 
Kaylee also realized that her behavior prior was inappropriate. She gratefully glanced at Elisa, then proceeded to choose a place to sit down. 
Elisa was sitting on the left of Bella, with the right side left vacant. 
The empty seat to the right belonged to Gareth. 
So, without giving it a second thought, Kaylee was about to sit in that spot. 
Just as she pulled out the chair and was about to sit down, Bella stopped her. “Excuse me, Ms. Knapp, this is Rachel’s spot. She’ll be upset if she comes back and finds she’s not sitting next to Elisa.” 
Kaylee’s face turned pale. Even though I found the spot myself. I have to worry about the feelings of someone who isn’t even here. Yet, my hands are tied, aren’t they? 
“I-Is that so?” Kaylee felt a bit awkward, glancing at Elisa 
It was clear that Elisa had no intention of speaking, and it was obvious that she felt the same way. 
Kaylee glanced at Gareth again, and he was also keeping mum. 
With no other choice, she reluctantly pushed the chair back to its original place. Settling for the next best thing, she obediently took a seat next to Bella.
That spot was roughly opposite to where Gareth was. 
Bella was evidently not very pleased., 
After waiting for a while and still not seeing Rachel, Kaylee couldn’t help but ask, “Is there something. wrong with Rachel and Vincent? Should I go and check on them?” 
These words were spoken considerately, but they were actually a criticism of the two people for being late. 
Everyone present was astute, and they could read between the lines. 
Bella rolled her eyes after she heard those words. Surely she doesn’t think it’s her time to shine now, does she? 
Elisa wanted to explain, but then she heard Rachel’s voice.. 
“Indeed, I’m not feeling well, so I told you not to wait for me. See, I still ended up being late.” Rachel walked over with a smile, showing no signs of anything unusual. 
When she met Elisa’s gaze, Rachel playfully blinked her eyes, signaling that she was all right. 
Only then did Elisa feel at ease. 
Bella continued the conversation, saying, “How could we possibly not wait for you? We need everyone to be here.”
###chapter2023
Chapter 2025 Swimsuit 
Rachel and Bella had developed a deep understanding of each other after spending so much time. together. Continuing the conversation, Rachel said, “Indeed, after all, we came together because we admire. each other.” 
That remark was a sarcastic jab at Kaylee, who was there because of Julia. 
Kaylee understood what those words meant, but she didn’t say anything. 
Her face turned red, probably because that was the first time in a long while she was causing a stir, and she was caught red-handed by the person in charge after only a few words. 
Needless to say, Rachel’s hostility toward her would only intensify from that point on. 
Kaylee felt a bit regretful, realizing she had stirred up a hornet’s nest. 
Bella started to laugh. Those words are vengeful! Well, that’s Rachel. Who asked Kaylee to take advantage of Rachel’s absence to speak ill of her? Serves her right! 
Elisa didn’t let the two sides continue their standoff. Instead, she urged Rachel to take a seat quickly. 
Rachel let out a cold snort and promptly took a seat next to Elisa. 
Following that, the waiter served the dishes. 
Kaylee discovered they had ordered the dishes long before she arrived without asking her. 
Again, she felt disrespected. 
In actuality, before Elisa left, she did mention that Kaylee could go with her and even help choose the dishes.
Yet, Kaylee didn’t hear it herself, which only made her more certain that Elisa was a two-faced woman. 
The meal was eaten in somewhat of a silence, accompanied by a belly full of anger. 
Perhaps truly hungry, Bella didn’t beat around the bush when it came to eating. 
Elisa was also serving her food, and Bella accepted everything graciously. 
Gareth teased, “You’d better eat less. If you eat too much and soak in the hot spring, I’m afraid you won’t need to swim. You’ll just float on the surface.” 
Although these words were directed at Bella, Rachel felt as if she was the one being attacked. 
Looking at Vincent serving herself food, she stopped him by saying, “All right. That’s enough. Are you hoping that I’ll just float up while I’m soaking in the hot spring later?” 
Upon hearing those words, Vincent didn’t know whether to laugh or cry. 
The group then started chatting again. 
Bella wore an expression as if she’d seen a ghost. “Since when did Gareth start cracking such dry jokes?” She rubbed her arms as if she was chilled to the bone. 
Everyone shared a laugh. 
Whenever that happened, Kaylee would feel somewhat out of place. All I can do is eat in silence. 
Soon, she realized that she had eaten too much and felt a bit embarrassed. 
However, no one cared about her at all. 
As the group chatted away, they decided to go for a walk to aid digestion.
Kaylee also went along. She was genuinely feeling a bit full. 
When they were walking, she was ignored. 
Three girls were walking together, with Elisa in the middle. 
Gareth and Vincent were walking together, with Vincent constantly muttering about something, probably about Rachel. 
In short, Kaylee couldn’t fit in. 
Everyone noticed what was happening, but no one said anything. 
It was already quite good of them to bring her along. Hence, naturally, they didn’t feel the need to feel bad for her. She is Kaylee. She doesn’t need our pity. 
After everyone felt they had digested their food, they went back to change into their swimsuits before going down. 
Gareth and Vincent were men, so they just needed to put on a pair of shorts, which was why they were the first ones to go downstairs. 
Several girls, including Kaylee, arrived downstairs together. 
When Gareth saw Elisa in her black and white swimsuit, revealing her slender legs, his eyes darkened. 
Not only that, it was also a belly-baring one. 
Elisa neatly tied her hair into a bun, with a few loose strands falling down, giving off a pure and innocent. vibe.
In short, it was quite different from her previous image, but it was also very attractive. 
Fortunately, it was already late in the day, making it somewhat difficult to see the possessive desire and greed in Gareth’s eyes.
###chapter2024
Chapter 2026 Changing Ponds 
Almost everyone was there. One by one, they began to get into the water. 
At first, everyone was soaking in the large pool. There were quite a few people, but they didn’t seem to be having much fun. 
Kaylee especially just felt embarrassed. She didn’t experience anything else. 
Even Rachel couldn’t help but comment as she watched Kaylee’s helpless demeanor. “I really don’t know why she insisted on coming along. Didn’t she think about the situation she’d be in before she came?” 
Bella glanced at Kaylee, lowering her voice. “I bet she never given it any thought. Just her standing by my side gives me the creeps. I don’t believe she’s actually that thick-skinned and composed.” 
With a serious nod, Rachel echoed, “Although, I think she’ll still come even if she thought about it. After all, isn’t your cousin here too?” 
Bella glanced at Gareth, then turned her gaze to Vincent. 
Both men were naked from the waist up, leaving their muscular bodies visible. 
The most anyone could see were their abs. Luckily, it was nighttime, so it wasn’t too embarrassing. 
Bella casually remarked, “Maybe she’ll turn to someone else’s embrace after she’s rejected by Gareth.” 
Rachel paused, taking Bella’s casual words seriously, but said nothing. 
Elisa sensed something and attempted to ease the tension. “There are quite a lot of people in this big pool. How about we go and see what other pools are available first?” 
Elisa’s proposal was unanimously approved, and everyone stood up from the water.
A chill wind blew, causing them to shiver from the cold, especially because they just left the warm pool. and were still wet. 
Without any hesitation, they left in a hurry. “Let’s go check out that place.” 
Gareth’s deep gaze was fixed on Elisa from the start. Even when she put on her bathrobe and disappeared from his sight, he remained in a daze. 
Vincent first followed Gareth’s gaze, then waved his hand in front of the latter. “What are you doing? She’s already gone.” 
Only then did Gareth regain his senses, glowering at Vincent. 
Feeling a bit aggrieved, Vincent rubbed his arm. It’s pointless to keep watching anyway because they’ve already left. I don’t know why he’s so upset about this. 
At that moment, Vincent noticed Kaylee, who was somewhat awkwardly standing off to the side. 
He didn’t find Kaylee that repulsive or understand why the women harbored such deep hatred for her. 
In his view, Kaylee was merely a bit sensitive when she first left the mountains. Additionally, she apologized for her behavior later on, so she didn’t seem like a bad person to him. 
Of course, he could never say those words in front of Rachel. 
He could clearly see how much Rachel despised Kaylee. 
Among the group, Rachel was probably the one who disliked Kaylee the most. Therefore, Vincent always kept his distance from Kaylee in front of everyone.
With Rachel absent at the moment, Vincent took the initiative to speak. “They’ve all gone ahead. Aren’t you going to follow?” 
Kaylee opened her mouth as if wanting to say something but ultimately didn’t speak up. In the end, she just shook her head. 
Lowering her eyes, she bit her lips, looking aggrieved. 
Things were different for Kaylee after she left the mountain. Though she was tanned when she first left, her skin had turned much fairer.
###chapter2025
Chapter 2027 Applying Makeup 
Intrigued, Vincent stared intently at Kaylee’s face, asking with genuine interest, “Are you wearing makeup? You probably didn’t right? Wouldn’t it wash off in the hot spring?” 
“Like heck she didn’t!” On the other side, Rachel continued Bella’s conversation. “If you can’t tell, it means her makeup skills are superb. Besides, waterproof makeup products have been available for a long time. now. We’ve seen her without makeup, haven’t we? ively speaking, her features are slightly above average at best, but her skin isn’t that great. Do you think skincare can be achieved in a day or two?” 
Upon hearing those words, Bella found them quite reasonable and nodded in agreement. 
She didn’t wear makeup often, so she didn’t really understand the intricacies. 
Rachel stood with hands on her hips indignantly. “Do you think everyone is like Elisa?” 
Elisa was taken aback for a moment. She looked at Rachel, blinking in confusion. 
Disappointed, Rachel held Elisa’s face in her hands. “Just look at yourself. You have such beautiful features and smooth skin. You’re like a goddess descended from the heavens.” 
Elisa started laughing. “Aren’t you being a bit too dramatic?” 
Rachel looked serious. “I’m not exaggerating at all. If you don’t believe me, you can ask Bella to come and see.” 
Bella came over when she heard her name mentioned. She carefully scrutinized Elisa’s face for a while, then nodded seriously. “Rachel is right in her description.” 
Elisa’s skin was naturally flawless. If she had joined the entertainment industry instead, she would likely have risen to prominence.
It was little wonder she was considered a beauty with her excellent facial features and flawless skin. 
Bella and Rachel couldn’t help but think God played favorites. 
Elisa laughed, not caring about those things. To her, it didn’t matter. 
She thought her friends were also quite good-looking. If they were together, especially with the men, they would attract attention whenever they went. 
The only one in the group who was lacking in the appearance department was Kaylee. 
Though beautiful, she lacked a certain grandeur. Her beauty was of the more modest, homely kind. It was due to her semi-circular double eyelids and a not-so-prominent nose bridge. All in all, she was visibly attractive but lacked a memorable feature. 
Moreover, having grown up in the mountains and facing harsh weather conditions without skincare, her skin was dark and rough. 
That could’ve been a memorable feature of her appearance. However, to fit in with them, Kaylee chose to hide it, which made her facial features generic and hard for people to remember her. 
If it weren’t for the lack of time, she would probably have come to learn about aesthetic medicine and change her face completely. 
Rachel warited to continue her rant but was interrupted by a nudge from Elisa. In response, she turned around and saw Kaylee. 
She came over because she was embarrassed by Vincent’s question. 
Of course, she felt even less welcomed there.
However, Kaylee was quite sensible. She merely passed by and did not get into the pool. 
Despite that, she still couldn’t help but feel a bit embarrassed by the attention. 
As she moved, the three women stared at her. Concurrently, Rachel and Bella move along with her. 
Kaylee felt greatly pressured and hurriedly went to the nearby pool. 
The distance between the two pools was not insignificant. There was a faux mountain standing in between, which actually made Rachel feel quite refreshed. 
It was a pool of fresh rose petals.
###chapter2026
Chapter 2028 The Unexpected Kiss 
Just when the three of them were discussing where to go for fun when spring arrived the next year, someone started sneezing. “I-I’m so cold.” 
Glancing in the direction of the noise, they spotted Vincent, dressed in a bathrobe, strolling toward the pool. 
It appeared that he was carrying something on his chest, causing his belly to protrude. 
“This is the rose pool. Would you two like to take a dip as well?” Rachel asked Vincent, who was still standing by the pool. 
At this moment, Gareth had also just arrived. He exchanged a glance and a smirk with Vincent as if they were plotting something. “Three, two…” 
It seemed as if Elisa had discovered something. She shouted out, “Watch out! They’ve brought weapons!” 
Vincent’s countdown had drowned out Elisa’s reminder. 
Immediately after. Vincent and Gareth jumped into the rose pool, took out their water guns, and started squirting water at them. 
The three of them were forced to flee in disarray. 
It seemed Vincent had marked Rachel as his target. There was no way she could dodge the attack. 
A stream of water gushed forth, drenching her face entirely. 
Rachel was relieved that she did not put on any makeup. Otherwise, even the most waterproof cosmetics would not have withstood such an onslaught from Vincent.
The water gun had a gentle spray, and Vincent kept a safe distance from her to ensure it did not cause any discomfort when the water made contact with her body. 
Nevertheless, Rachel was irritated, as her meticulously styled bun was messed up. She put her hand in front of her face, then bravely faced the challenge, ready to snatch Vincent’s water gun. 
“Hey, hey, hey, what are you doing? I paid for this!” Vincent exclaimed. 
Rachel retorted, “I don’t care if you’ve paid for it. Just give it to me!” 
While the two were wrestling with each other, Gareth, armed with another water gun, continued his search for Elisa. 
In the midst of the chaos, Elisa and Bella got separated. 
Holding her breath, Elisa submerged herself underwater and used a veil of rose petals to conceal her location, making it difficult for Gareth to pinpoint her whereabouts. 
By the time he reacted, Elisa had somehow managed to grab his water gun. 
Of course, Gareth would not readily relinquish his water gun That was why they decided to face off against each other head-to-head 
Seeing that her sneak attack was unsuccessful, Elisa straply stood up from the water. 
The moment Elisa surfaced from the water, she found herself mere centimeters away from Gareth, their faces so close they could almost feel each other’s warm breath on their skin. 
Gareth was so stunned that his eyes nearly popped out. At this moment of distraction, Elisa seized the water gun. 
She took a few steps back, trying to maintain a distance between them.
After regaining his senses, Gareth lunged toward Elisa, and together, they plunged into the depths of the water. 
As they confronted one another, the gap between them was steadily diminishing. Beneath the water’s surface, Gareth observed Elisa’s hair floating, her vibrant eyes, and her face gradually enlarging before his gaze. 
A warm, tender sensation enveloped his lips as Gareth unintentionally kissed Elisa! 
Both of them were stunned. 
Elisa attempted to rise, but she struggled since she was lying flat in the water, unable to get up without external support. 
It was Gareth who, with one hand supporting Elisa’s waist and the other hooked onto the nearby artificial mountain, helped Elisa to stand upright. 
With a smack, Elisa’s slap sent Gareth’s face turning to the side. 
Gareth stared blankly at Elisa, who was also taken aback. 
Elisa’s response was instinctive, as she probably did not know how to handle the situation. 
After offering a hasty apology, she was prepared to leave the pool, but Gareth grabbed her arm all of a sudden. 
Elisa turned around, and their gazes collided.
###chapter2027
Chapter 2029 A Chance Encounter 
Meanwhile, it seemed Bella was spared from the attack as she was not their target. 
Seeing that no one had noticed her, Bella moved to the furthest step, ready to depart from this “battlefield.” 
As she was about to leave the pool, she could not help but take one last glance behind. 
She was not running away. In fact, she was heading to buy a water gun. 
With just one glance backward, she collided with a muscular figure. 
Bella cried out. “Ouch!” Immediately following, her hand instinctively pushed against the man. 
Her forehead was throbbing with a painful bruise. 
While massaging her forehead, Bella reluctantly muttered an apology. 
The sound of that person’s laughter echoed from above, carrying a hint of familiarity. “Ms. Wickam, what a coincidence to run into you here.” 
Upon hearing the words, Bella was completely taken aback, immediately lifting her head to look at the person. 
The man opposite her was wearing shorts, baring his well-built upper body. His eight-pack abs were prominently defined. The corner of his lips curled into a mischievous grin, radiating an aura of playful charisma. 
He was also wearing a very artistically designed necklace. That must be Mike. Who else could the man be?
Since the day Bella was rescued, she had been recovering at Elisa’s house. Bella had considered leaving, hut Elisa simply would not hear of it. 
That was why she had been staying there for quite some time. 
Nevertheless, she maintained regular contact with Mike, who frequently shared intriguing updates about the company. 
When Mike noticed that Bella was absent, he proactively provided her with company updates, concerned that she might struggle with the workload after recovering from her injury. 
Over time, sharing company updates had transformed into him sharing his personal stories. 
He would regale Bella with tales of the delectable meals he enjoyed, the fascinating people he encountered, and the close calls he had with arriving late for work. 
It was clear that he no longer viewed Bella as an outsider. 
Initially, Bella felt a bit uneasy as Mike appeared to divulge every minute detail of his life as if he were delivering a comprehensive report. 
Eventually, she got used to it. 
Sometimes, she would also update him about her life. 
All in all, the two had engaging online conversations, but their joyful interactions were confined to the virtual world. 
It had been a while since they last met, so meeting face-to-face felt somewhat awkward. 
“H-Hey, Mike.” After a brief pause, Bella finally called out the other person’s name.
Simultaneously, her gaze swept over him in disbelief, inevitably fixating on his well-defined abs. 
She remembered the moment she accidentally bumped into him earlier, and she found the contact with his body quite pleasant. 
However, that was not what Bella wanted to convey. She cleared her throat, attempting to push those thoughts from her mind. 
Turning to Mike, she asked, “What brings you here? What a coincidence.” 
“I came here to relax.” Mike shrugged his shoulders. “I didn’t expect to run into you, Ms. Wickam. Did you come alone?” 
In contrast to Bella’s startled reaction, Mike appeared much more composed and naturally initiated a conversation with her. 
Bella opened her mouth, intending to speak, but Mike silenced her before she could utter a word. 
“It must be cold just standing here like this. I can see you’re shivering. Let’s chat in the water,” he suggested. 
Bella nodded in agreement, but she had no desire to return to the rose pool since she did not want to be ambushed while chatting with him. 
The two of them went to the small pool nearby instead, It was quiet with hardly anyone around, a perfect place for a chat. 
Upon entering the water, Bella could not help but shiver from the cold.
###chapter2028
Chapter 2030 Together 
Bella must have been frozen stiff earlier. Now that she suddenly came into contact with hot water, she felt shivers run down her spine, and there was also a scalding sensation on the top of her feet. 
Seeing the situation, Mike gave a smile. 
“You haven’t told me yet; how did you end up here? Are you really here to unwind?” 
Evidently, she didn’t believe that such coincidences could happen in this world. 
His mouth opened to reveal eight teeth as he smiled brilliantly. 
“If not?” he countered, leaving her at a loss for words. 
As Mike moved closer again, Bella crossed her arms over her chest and watched him warily, asking, “What are you doing?” 
He looked her up and down. “Surely you don’t think I’m here to stalk you, do you, Ms. Wickam?” 
Her face turned slightly red, and her voice didn’t sound natural either. 
“N-No.” Staring at him, she emphasized again, “I don’t think that way.” 
Mike shrugged and created some distance between the two of them. Only then did Bella feel a sense of relief. 
Then, he said, “It’s indeed a coincidence, but I’m quite happy to have met you here.” 
Her pupils dilated a little. 
It was an hour later when they exited the hot springs. It was not advisable to soak in the hot springs for too long, so an hour was pretty much the limit.
The group appeared in synchrony at the fish spa. 
The little fish here, who nibbled on skin, were changed daily. It was said that they feed on dead skin. 
It was quite a ticklish sensation. The bites of bigger fish would sting, but they were bearable, all within acceptable limits. 
The indoor fish spa had a heater, and everyone was still draped in bathrobes. Hence, even though they were only immersed up to their lower bodies in the room-temperature water, they didn’t feel cold. 
The group had already ceased fighting, but due to the events that had transpired, everyone felt a bit uneasy, creating an awkward atmosphere. 
That was particularly apparent between Elisa and Gareth. It seemed as if the Milky Way separated them, drawing a clear boundary between men and women. 
To the left of Elisa was Rachel, far to her right was Gareth, and to the right of Gareth was Vincent. 
As nobody spoke, the atmosphere was rather odd. 
Seeing Bella arrive, Rachel invited the former to sit down quickly while her gaze shifted toward Mike. 
Lowering her voice and with a mysterious expression, she asked Bella, “Do they also offer that kind of service here?” 
Bella blinked, looking at Rachel with a somewhat puzzled expression. “What kind of service?” 
Just as Rachel was about to say something, Elisa poked the former, so Rachel reluctantly shut up. 
Elisa looked at Mike. “What a coincidence to run into you here.”
He politely nodded to her. “Indeed, Ms. Benett. What a coincidence.” 
With a half-smile, Elisa peered at Mike, probably thinking that such a coincidence was unlikely. 
He, too, maintained a neither supercilious nor obsequious demeanor. 
This so-called coincidence is nothing more than one’s intentional arrangement. 
However, Elisa didn’t voice her thoughts, for from what she could see now, Mike didn’t seem to have any ill intentions. 
Just let him be, then. 
At last, Rachel had a realization. “Oh! So he’s an employee of your company? That’s indeed quite a coincidence. How about we spend the rest of our itinerary together?” 
Before Mike could respond, Vincent couldn’t help but interrupt, “What’s left on the itinerary? Aren’t we leaving after the soak?” 
Rachel rolled her eyes, clearly still upset about him using a water gun on her earlier. “I just decided. Is there a problem? If you have something else to do, you can always leave first, Vincent the Great Lawyer. No one is stopping you.”
###chapter2029
Chapter 2031 Waiting 
Stumped, Vincent turned to Gareth, who was beside him, and said, “I came here with Mr. Wickam, so I’ll leave with him too.” 
Yet, the latter said dismissively, “You didn’t come here with me.” 
Everyone shared a laugh with each other. 
In the end, Mike still joined them, but he didn’t sit with Gareth and Vincent. Instead, he chose to sit on the women’s side. 
Looking at the women, especially Rachel, laughing so hard that they doubled up, Vincent reckoned they were likely so happy that they had forgotten their own names. 
He was quite jealous, so his tone was bitter. “Why does it have to be so cold and desolate on our side? I’ll go get Kaylee.” 
With that he got up to find Kaylee. 
Vincent’s departure caused all the fish around Gareth to scatter. 
The latter was rather helpless, looking at Elisa with a hint of hope in his eyes. 
Sadly, she didn’t look at him and just kept chatting with the others. 
Rachel was the one who suggested staying and playing here for two more days, mainly because this place’s hot spring was massive, so it wasn’t very comfortable with too many people around. 
It’s still best to soak in private. 
Besides, her grudge for the water gun incident hadn’t been avenged yet, so she found it necessary to seek revenge.
Elisa was very supportive of this idea. After all, the whole point was to relax, so an extra day or two wouldn’t make a difference. 
Since she was staying, the others naturally stayed as well. 
“I wonder if Kaylee will stay or not? If she knows what’s good for her, she should leave on her own,” Rachel remarked poutingly, visibly displeased. 
Although Kaylee didn’t pull any tricks, Rachel kept feeling like being around the former was akin to having a fishbone stuck in the throat. 
It was incredibly uncomfortable. 
Bella gently nudged Rachel, hinting to the latter that Mike was also present. 
But Mike played along quite well, acting as if he hadn’t heard a thing. 
Rachel glanced at Mike, then at Bella, and couldn’t help but cover her mouth to stifle a giggle. 
By the time Vincent found Kaylee, everyone had already gone to change their clothes, leaving the fish spa vacant. 
Only the small fish were swimming back and forth in the fish spa as if they were mocking the two of them. Kaylee’s smile was somewhat stiff. 
When Vincent came to find her, he had said he wanted to take her to join him and Gareth at the fish spa. 
She presumed she finally had the chance to interact with Gareth openly and aboveboard, so she was filled with joy. 
To her dismay, it ended before it even began.
This Vincent really isn’t reliable at all. 
Vincent awkwardly chuckled at Kaylee. “They probably also got hungry and plan to have a barbecue now. Come on, let’s join them.” 
She nodded and grudgingly kept up. 
After changing their clothes, the group didn’t leave and stayed in the lobby. 
If it weren’t for waiting for Vincent, Rachel would probably have asked everyone to leave first. 
She yawned. It was already around eleven o’clock at present. 
Normally, she would have been asleep by now and not waiting around here. 
Elisa noticed it and walked over to ask, “What’s wrong? Are you feeling tired? If so, we can have the hotel deliver food to our room. It’ll save us the trouble of going out.” 
Upon hearing that, Rachel shook her head, forcing herself to gather her spirits. 
“How can we not go for a barbecue after a hot spring bath? That would be incomplete. Let’s wait for Vincent here. When he arrives, we’ll go eat. I don’t want to hang around with Kaylee.” 
Elisa nodded, as it was normal to feel hungry after a hot spring bath. Thus, they all continued to wait patiently. 
During this time, Gareth took off his coat and draped it over Elisa’s body. 
She was propping up her head, almost falling asleep, but this abrupt action jolted her awake.
###chapter2030
Chapter 2032 Parting On Bad Terms 
Elisa looked at Gareth, softly thanked him, and adjusted the coat. 
It was indeed quite chilly waiting here with the wind blowing directly at them. 
She stared at the man, who was only wearing a sweater, and asked faintly, “Aren’t you cold?” 
He shook his head, intending to pull up a chair to sit next to her. As he dragged the chair, an ear- piercing sound echoed. 
Gareth looked at Elisa with a hint of apology in his eyes, whereas she glared in response. 
Rachel was also about to doze off when she was abruptly awakened by this noise. She glanced at her watch. The minute hand was already pointing at six. This meant they had been waiting here for at least half an hour. 
Does a grown man like Vincent really need to take so long? It’s not like he’s a girl who needs to dry his hair before coming out. 
Just when she was feeling upset, Vincent finally got done and came out. 
At this moment, Bella also slowly awoke while Mike, sitting next to her, stared at her unblinkingly. 
She touched her own face. “Is there something on my face?” 
He shook his head, and Bella didn’t doubt him, merely standing up to stretch her body while waiting to leave with Vincent. 
Annoyed, Rachel scanned at everyone, who were all dispirited and listless. 
They were drained, so everything they did felt lackluster. Even if they were to have a barbecue later, they’d likely still be in a sluggish state.
This is all Vincent’s fault! 
After deciding to give him a hard time for a while, Rachel noticed the person following behind Vincent. 
Unexpectedly, he had come out with Kaylee, whose hair was dried and even styled. 
She soaked in the hot spring for an hour, yet her makeup’s still immaculately intact. Obviously, she went to touch up her makeup. 
Rachel’s eyes practically rolled to the back of her head. 
What the heck does this mean? 
Kaylee made all of us wait for her just so she could put on makeup? It’s already bedtime soon, and she’s still applying it. What a perfect girl she is. 
Most importantly, Vincent actually waited for her all this time before coming out together. 
In an instant, Rachel lost her appetite. 
She shot a fierce glare at Vincent, then turned to Elisa and said, “Forget it. I don’t think I’m that hungry anymore. Let’s just have the hotel send up some food later to tide us over.” 
Afterward, before anyone could react, she added. “I’m tired now, so I’ll go back to rest first.” 
The atmosphere immediately turned a little awkward. In truth, even Rachel herself couldn’t tell whether she was upset because she waited half an hour for no reason for Kaylee to finish her makeup or because of Vincent. 
But none of that mattered. The bottom line was, she was livid now. 
Watching Rachel’s retreating figure, Vincent felt extremely helpless.
He didn’t want to wait, either. He had urged Kaylee several times in the lounge and almost fell asleep. 
But she simply expressed that it was very dangerous and terrifying for a girl like her to go back alone. 
She even said she would be ready in five minutes. 
However, these five-minute increments gradually added up to half an hour. 
Vincent just felt that women were really scary. 
I waited outside for half an hour and still have to endure Rachel’s scorn now. What kind of logic is this? 
The atmosphere became awkward for a moment. 
Kaylee felt quite embarrassed and said to everyone, “I didn’t know you all would be waiting for me here. I’m really sorry. Have I kept you guys waiting for a long time?” 
No one responded to her, as they didn’t want to deal with her in the first place. 
After waiting for her for half an hour, everyone was really frustrated. 
Kaylee bit her lip, looking as if she was on the verge of tears. She stared at Vincent in hopes that he would speak up for her.
###chapter2031
Chapter 2033 Scheming 
Alas, how could Vincent possibly have the mind to care about her now? 
He was already perturbed enough as the image of Rachel glaring at him when she left flashed in his mind. 
As the organizer, Elisa didn’t want the situation to get too ugly, so she asked everyone to return to their rooms. 
“Call the front desk and order whatever you want to eat. It’s getting late, so we should all rest soon.” She was also forcing herself to stay awake at this point. After saying that, she immediately started to yawn. 
Everyone then left in small groups. 
Mike escorted Bella back, Vincent and Gareth walked together, and Elisa was with Kaylee. 
After all, she and Kaylee shared the same room. 
They journeyed together in silence. 
Interestingly, Gareth deliberately walked behind Elisa simply because he wanted to ensure she safely entered the hotel. 
With a lowered voice, Vincent asked at the side, “Did I really do something wrong?” 
He was mumbling to himself, and Gareth didn’t seem interested in paying the former any attention. 
Just like that, everyone walked back, lost in their own thoughts. 
When they reached the entrance of the hotel, they all said their goodbyes.
Elisa asked Kaylee if she wanted to eat something, to which the latter nodded but didn’t say what she wanted to eat for a long time. Her face was slightly flushed. 
Seeing Kaylee’s expression, Elisa realized that Kaylee probably didn’t know what there was to eat. 
As such, Elisa casually asked Kaylee if there was anything she couldn’t eat, then made a call to the front desk. 
During the wait, Elisa took a bath in the bathroom and also told Kaylee not to overthink. 
Little did she know, Kaylee was watching her from behind gloomily. 
After the food arrived, the two at the round table. 
It was a rare moment of harmony. The two of them ate their own food with little to no conversation. 
Only when Kaylee said she was going to sleep did Elisa finally speak up. “Aren’t you going to remove your makeup?” 
The former was briefly awkward. She really wanted to say that she wasn’t wearing any makeup, but given the latter’s assertive tone and intense gaze, it was hard to lie. 
Hence, she could only give an awkward laugh. “I… I didn’t bring my makeup remover. Can I borrow yours?” 
Elisa frowned, wondering why someone who wore makeup didn’t carry makeup remover. 
Despite her doubts, she still decided to lend it. 
“I didn’t bring any makeup remover, so you’ll have to make do with the facial cleanser,” she said, handing Kaylee a bottle of camellia facial cleanser from her room.
With a discomfiting expression, Kaylee accepted it, but inside, she felt nothing but disdain. 
She didn’t believe that Elisa didn’t wear makeup. How could she not bring makeup remover? She must be trying to hide the fact that she’s wearing makeup… 
Regardless, Kaylee would never believe that the Elisa in front of her wasn’t wearing any makeup. 
As she accepted the facial cleanser, she contemplated how she could reveal Elisa’s true colors. 
Deep in thought, she was walking toward her room when Elisa called out to her again. 
“We were initially supposed to go back tomorrow, but since we came out to relax, we decided to stay a bit. longer. We’re not sure when we’ll return. So, are you going back tomorrow, or would you like to stay with us?” asked Elisa without any personal bias. 
However, if Kaylee decided to stay, Elisa would have to give Julia a call. That was why she asked. 
Kaylee’s expression was extremely grim as she stood with her back to Elisa. Her facial features event scrunched up. 
Unmistakably, she misunderstood Elisa’s intentions, thinking that the latter wanted her to leave. 
But the more Elisa felt this way, the more Kaylee insisted to stay. 
With that, Kaylee turned around and smiled at Elisa. “Since we all came out together, we should go back together.”
###chapter2032
Chapter 2034 Scolding 
The next day, Elisa woke up early. 
Perhaps due to the hot spring visit yesterday, she woke up today feeling refreshed and didn’t feel like oversleeping. 
She glanced at the time and saw it was around seven in the morning. Upon sending a text message in the group chat, she was met with numerous inmediate responses. 
Elisa: Anyone wants to join me for breakfast? 
Affirmative replies quickly came flooding in. 
Looks like everyone’s up and about. Elisa smirked. Soaking in the hot spring truly works wonders for reinvigorating oneself. 
The group agreed to meet in the lobby downstairs at half past seven. 
After freshening up, Elisa made a phone call to Julia, primarily to discuss matters concerning Kaylee, 
The call rang for a while before it was finally answered by Maria, whose voice sounded a bit peculiar. 
-Elisa didn’t doubt her. “Maria, is Grandma awake? Could you hand her the phone?” 
Maria’s voice didn’t sound too well, as if she was hesitating to say something. 
Right then, Julia’s voice sounded from the other end, and in the next second, it seemed like the phone was snatched away. 
“It’s me. What is it?”
Julia’s voice was exceedingly indifferent, almost sounding emotionless. Despite being mentally prepared. Elisa couldn’t help but feel dejected upon hearing it. 
She would rather Julia had simply been ill since everything would return to normal once the latter recovered. 
Noticing the silence on the other end of the line, Julia continued impatiently, “If you’re not going to talk, I’m hanging up.” 
Elisa hurriedly began, “Grandma, it’s me, Elisa.” 
There was no response from Julia, as she was likely waiting for Elisa to continue. 
Suppressing the feeling of disappointment in her heart, Elisa went on, “Here’s the thing. Didn’t we say we would return today? I asked Ms. Knapp, and she also wants to stay with us for a few more days, so we will return slightly later. Also, the environment here is quite nice. If you have time, we could-” 
Before Elisa could finish her sentence, she was interrupted by Julia. 
“Just arrange things as you see fit, but don’t let anyone bully her. I must say, if you’re unwilling to take her with you, then send her back to me. Don’t think that just because I’m not there, I won’t know how you’re mistreating her.” 
Elisa was somewhat taken aback, both by Julia interrupting her and what the latter had said. 
She’s openly backing Kaylee and even making me sound so malicious. But I clearly didn’t do a thing… 
She wanted to defend herself, but at this juncture, words seemed somewhat meaningless. 
With a cold humph, Julia walked away from the phone.
Maria picked up the phone again and waited until Julia was out of earshot before saying, “Ms. Benett, when you return, it’s best you bring Mr. Gareth to visit Madam Smith. I feel she has been acting very strange lately. Not long ago, she even had your room cleared out for Ms. Knapp as if she were possessed.” 
The word “possessed” kept echoing in Elisa’s mind. 
Is… this the reason? 
She snapped back to reality, comforting Maria, “Don’t worry, Maria. We’ll be back tomorrow.” 
On the other end of the line, Maria nodded vigorously. Moreover, Madam Smith is becoming more and more careless about her health. She used to follow the doctor’s advice meticulously, knowing exactly what she could and couldn’t eat. She would never touch anything she wasn’t supposed to eat. I’m sure you know she is not a glutton. But now, she eats without any restraint. It’s truly…” 
Elisa and Maria continued their conversation, and the more they talked, the more they felt that the situation was seriously bizarre.
###chapter2033
Chapter 2035 Eavesdropping 
Elisa still felt that she should discuss this with Gareth. 
Thus, with a heavy heart, she kept pondering over this matter. 
After much thought, she ultimately decided to discuss it with Bella in advance. 
As soon as the call connected. Elisa began talking about the matter. 
At the doorway, Kaylee had initially intended to return the facial cleanser. She stared at the cleanser, her face adorned with a peculiar smile. In it contained some small “gifts” she had carefully prepared. Although they wouldn’t disfigure Elisa’s face, they were potent enough to keep her out of sight for a good ten days or half a month. 
Kaylee put away her smile. Just as her hand touched the doorknob, she heard a voice coming from inside. 
The quality of the door was quite good, so naturally, the sound insulation was excellent, and she could only hear bits and pieces. 
However, even what she had heard was enough to astound her and, even more so, to make her apprehensive. 
-She vaguely heard Elisa saying something about Julia being off and Wyrithian. 
Greatly alarmed, Kaylee realized that Elisa had probably found out something. She desperately wanted to hear more clearly, but it seemed that the latter had already finished speaking and hung up the phone. 
Following that came a flurry of footsteps.
Before the call was hung up, Kaylee had heard Elisa mention Gareth’s name. 
Could it be… No! I absolutely won’t allow such a thing to happen! 
She quickly took a seat in the living room, somewhat unnaturally adjusting her attire. 
When Elisa opened the door, she immediately saw Kaylee sitting on the couch, staring at her unblinkingly. The latter’s pitch-black eyes were somewhat eerie, as if they were about to swallow her whole. 
“You’re up?” Elisa seemed quite surprised. Normally, at this time, Kaylee would still be in bed. 
Kaylee withdrew her gaze, making a great effort to suppress her emotions. When she looked at Elisa again, her eyes were crystal clear. 
It was as if the one who seemed bloodthirsty and eager to feast on flesh just a moment ago wasn’t her. 
Elisa was momentarily dazed. 
Kaylee nodded, smiling as she answered, “I’ve ordered breakfast. Would you like to join me?” After speaking, she looked at Elisa with a scrutinizing gaze that made one feel rather uncomfortable. 
Upon hearing this, Elisa stilled, clearly surprised by Kaylee’s invitation. She then shook her head. 
“No need. I’ve already ordered breakfast from downstairs. Take your time and enjoy it.” 
With that, Elisa was about to leave but was stopped by Kaylee. 
“Why don’t we eat together, then? It’s boring to eat alone in the room.” Kaylee stood up, looking at Elisa with enthusiasm. 
The latter peered at the former for quite a while, creating a somewhat awkward atmosphere.
Of course, Elisa could refuse, but eating breakfast in the lobby was Kaylee’s right. 
I can’t possibly be so overbearing as not to let her go down for breakfast, can I? 
After a moment of silence, she bobbed her head. “Let’s go together, then.” 
Kaylee flashed a smile. 
As Elisa turned around, Kaylee revealed an intriguing smile toward the former’s retreating figure. 
The two of them went downstairs together. 
Bella and Gareth were already neatly dressed and seated in their places. 
As for Rachel, she was still enjoying her sleep and would be up a bit later. 
Elisa gave a nod, seemingly unconcerned, and simply took a seat. 
Upon seeing Kaylee, Bella was briefly taken aback. She fixed her gaze on Elisa intently, silently questioning what was going on. 
With a hint of helplessness, Elisa shook her head, indicating that the situation was complicated.
###chapter2034
Chapter 2036 Watching Like A Hawk 
It was not something that could be explained in a short time, and besides, Kaylee was right here, watching like a hawk. It was not a good time for them to converse. 
Understanding dawned on Bella. 
The meal was eaten almost in silence, making it incrédibly uncomfortable, especially for Elisa. 
She always felt like she was being watched, and this kind of gaze made her feel extremely uneasy. 
Kaylee’s subtle gaze was always directed toward Elisa as if she were afraid the latter might say something to Gareth. 
Indeed, due to Kaylee’s prying eyes, Elisa truly didn’t get a chance to speak. 
The meal continued with no one speaking, and neither Rachel nor Vincent showed up until the end. 
Eventually, it was Bella who broke the silence; otherwise, this meal would probably have not a single word exchanged. 
“How about we go for a private hot spring bath after our nap? We can still depart in time by evening.” 
-Upon hearing this, Elisa nodded, indicating she had no ions. 
Gareth looked at her, fairly perplexed. “Didn’t you say to stay and rest for a couple more days? Why are you in such a hurry to return all of a sudden? Did something happen at work?” 
Elisa forced out a faint smile and shook her head. 
It was nothing related to work but Julia. 
Unfortunately, Kaylee was still at the dining table, staring at Elisa intently.
There were certain things that were not appropriate to mention, and it was also not wise to act rashly and alert the enemy. 
Anyway, there will always be times when Kaylee isn’t around.. 
And so, after breakfast, everyone returned to their rooms. 
Elisa seemed deeply preoccupied in her room when suddenly, there was a knock at the door. 
She was so engrossed in her thoughts that the unexpected noise nearly made her jump out of her skin. 
“Come in.” 
Elisa recomposed herself and looked toward the direction of the door. 
Kaylee pushed the door open and walked in. 
“Elisa, do you have some free time right now? If you do, I have a few questions I’d like to ask. Madam Smith.” 
Elisa’s heart skipped a beat the moment she heard the words “Madam Smith.” 
She was really curious, wondering if Kaylee had found out something. 
With a calm expression, Elisa nodded and turned to Kaylee, asking, “Shall we talk outside?” 
“Ah…” The latter looked toward the former’s room and glanced around, seemingly a bit hesitant. 
Finally, she nodded. “All… right…” 
Then, the duo went to the living room, and Elisa got straight to the point. “What would you like to know?”
Kaylee curved her lips, understanding that Elisa truly cared about Julia’s matters. Now, Julia was under her control. 
This spoke volumes about many issues. 
She lowered her gaze, concealing the triumph in her eyes. When she looked up again, her eyes were clear and bright. 
“I just wanted to ask, what are Madam Smith’s food preferences? Are there any foods she avoids? I heard from Maria that Madam Smith’s health isn’t great, and it only improved with someone’s help in managing her diet…” 
Upon hearing this, Elisa carefully observed Kaylee’s reaction. Seeing that the latter likely knew that the “someone” referred to Elisa, Elisa finally let out a barely perceptible sigh of relief. 
She was almost certain now that there was something off about Kaylee. If I let her know that I’m trained in medicine too soon, I’ll be revealing my hand prematurely. 
Seeing that Kaylee wasn’t dubious, Elisa began to answer the former’s questions one by one. 
However, Kaylee’s most pressing issue probably wasn’t her first few questions. After all, she could have asked Maria, who might have even more comprehensive knowledge about these. Yet, Kaylee chose not to do so, preferring to take a more roundabout appro
###chapter2035
Chapter 2037 Testing The Waters 
All the previous questions were not what Kaylee wanted to ask. What she really wanted to know was the last question, and Elisa understood this in her heart. 
After getting the answers to the previous questions, Kaylee nodded, looking enlightened. She took Elisa’s hand and affectionately gave it a swing. 
If one didn’t know better, they might even mistake the two for biological sisters. 
“You truly know a lot, Elisa, and you’re also so attentive, able to remember all these details. No wonder Madam Smith always tells me to learn more from you 
Elisa was also smiling, though her smile seemed somewhat forced. 
Kaylee’s words might sound like a compliment for Elisa, but in reality, she was subtly implying that she shared a great relationship with Julia. 
Even though Elisa knew something was amiss, she still couldn’t help but feel a bit upset. 
Noticing the slightly unnatural expression on Elisa’s face, Kaylee knew that her goal had been achieved. She then asked, “Didn’t you say yesterday that you were going to call Madam Smith? How did it go? Did she say anything?” 
Elisa’s countenance turned even more grim, and her intent gaze on Kaylee was filled with undisguised scrutiny. 
Is Kaylee actually asking, showing off. or… testing the waters? 
Kaylee blinked, looking naive and innocent. This somehow made it impossible for Elisa to continue probing.
After some contemplation, the latter casually brushed it off. 
“Grandma simply said to have a good time and rest well here.” 
Kaylee nodded, smiling innocently. “I thought she would ask you to take better care of me. When I left, she had said if there was anything I didn’t understand or couldn’t do, I must ask.” While speaking, she lowered her head a little shyly, seemingly bashful. “That’s why I’ve been sharing all my problems with you. I hope you don’t find me annoying, Elisa.” 
Elisa was stunned. 
In the afternoon, Rachel came to knock on the door. 
The moment Elisa opened the door, she saw Rachel and the man standing straight behind the latter, Vincent. 
Woah. Have pigs learned to fly? These two are actually standing together without getting into a fight! 
“You two…” Elisa studied them teasingly, her gaze bouncing back and forth between the duo. 
Rachel started, “All right, stop looking so surprised. We just happened to leave at the same time, so we’re walking together. Come on, let’s go. Bella has already told me that we’re going for a private hot spring bath before heading back.” 
Upon hearing this, Elisa was just about to leave with them when Kaylee’s voice rang out again. 
“Wait for me, Elisa. I’ll go with you guys-” 
Kaylee’s voice gradually sounded closer. After walking over, she hooked her arm through Elisa’s in an exceedingly natural manner. 
The latter’s body stiffened for a moment, whereas Rachel’s eyes widened in shock.
Rachel kept shooting glances at Elisa with her eyes, silently questioning what was going on. 
How is it that they became inseparable just in one breakfast that I missed? Do bonds develop this quickly? 
Elisa lightly shook her head at Rachel, silently mouthing that they would talk about it later. 
At that, Rachel could only let things be for now. 
Nevertheless, she didn’t just leave like that. On the contrary, she naturally took Elisa’s other arm and, in a more intimate gesture, rested her head on Elisa’s shoulder. 
Clearly, she wanted to behave more affectionately than Kaylee. 
This inexplicable possessiveness left Elisa nonplussed, and she had no choice but to haul them downstairs with one on each arm. 
As for Vincent trailing behind, he was filled with great envy. 
Why don’t I get the same treatment? 
When they reached the ground floor, Mike was also there, which was quite a surprise for Elisa.
###chapter2036
Chapter 2038 Drowning 
After all, Mike wasn’t present at breakfast, so Elisa assumed he had left early. 
It was only then that she realized he hadn’t left and was even standing behind Bella, his gaze on the woman far from platonic. 
Perhaps due to the intense gazes of Elisa and Rachel, Mike gave them a faint smile and nodded as a greeting. 
Elisa also politely nodded at him in acknowledgement. 
Soon after, his gaze, once again, fixated on Bella, and the duo occasionally whispered to each other as if not one else was around, making them resemble a young couple in love. 
Seeing Elisa’s gaze fixed on others, Gareth cleared his throat twice, likely feeling displeased. She gave him a puzzled glance, to which he calmly explained, “Sorry, I think I might have caught a cold.” 
At this moment, Rachel couldn’t help but start a conversation with Elisa. 
“In my opinion, this Mike fella seems to be interested in Bella.” 
Elisa remained silent, but a smile tugged at her lips. 
Evidently, she thought the same way. 
The reason why she and Rachel became friends was closely related to their similar views on people and things. 
Regardless, now was not the time to talk about this matter. 
Bella was not that young, to begin with. If it hadn’t been for Elisa’s interruption the other time, Bella probably would’ve been married off long ago and might even have kids who could walk by now.
Hence, it wouldn’t be a bad thing if Bella could get together with someone she liked and was compatible with, and the other party also treated her well and was competent. 
Right now, this wasn’t the most important thing, though. The most crucial matter was to inform Bella about Julia. 
When Elisa originally discussed this matter with Rachel, she didn’t believe in all that nonsense about the supernatural either. 
Now, however, disbelief was no longer an option. 
After briefly greeting each other, the group went to separate changing rooms to change their clothes. 
Elisa was the first one to come out. 
This private hot spring could only be accessed by VIPs and was not just a place that one with money could enter. As such, its layout was quite impressive. 
It was comparable to the public one they had soaked in before, even superior in terms of standards. 
Previously, they had soaked in water heated by the hotel, but the private hot spring utilized water that naturally flowed through an extinct volcano. 
Generally, people didn’t wear swimsuits when soaking in a private bath, but everyone unanimously chose to wear them this time. 
Despite this, men and women still soaked separately. 
Elisa came out and scanned around but didn’t find anyone, so she went into the women’s hot spring by herself. 
Unsure if it were just in her head, she thought that soaking here indeed felt more comfortable.
That kind of comfort came from within and radiated outward, making all feelings of fatigue disappear in a trice. 
This was a hot spring filled with all sorts of flower petals and even some precious spices mixed in. 
To be honest, Elisa felt a bit like a vegetable being cooked in a humongous pot. 
As she swam, she found herself near the artificial hill, which was also the deep-water area. 
The depth here was only about one point eight meters, and Elisa was quite a good swimmer, so she didn’t bring a swimming ring. 
The private hot spring was located on the top floor, ensuring an excellent level of privacy. 
At the edge, one could overlook the scenery from a high vantage point. 
Little did Elisa know, as she was admiring the scenery, a pair of eyes was intently fixed on her. 
Elisa had been lingering near the edge for a while. Right as she was ready to leave, she abruptly felt a tugging sensation under her feet. 
At first, she thought it was merely her imagination, but gradually, this feeling became more and more. 
Before she had a chance to react, she was suddenly pulled into
###chapter2037
Chapter 2039 In A Vegetative State 
Water… A boundless expanse of water… 
Elisa felt like she was trapped in a water tank, with water everywhere she looked and touched. 
She yearned to find a way out but couldn’t. 
And just like that, gradually, she ran out of oxygen. 
Elisa clutched her throat, desperately trying to breathe, but all she could feel was a wave of breathlessness. 
She could even sense the moment when her breath was cut off. 
Huff! 
Without warning. Elisa opened her eyes, accompanied by a harsh, panting gasp. It was as if she had been swept into the sea by a wave and then thrown back onto the shore, narrowly escaping death and finally able to breathe the fresh air again. 
“You’re awake!” 
By her ear, a familiar voice resonated, causing her slightly blurry vision to finally start to focus. 
An unfamiliar ceiling loomed above, the pungent smell of disinfectant filled her nostrils, and beside her… was a visibly anxious Bella. 
“I…” Elisa tried to speak, but her throat felt as if it didn’t belong to her. As soon as she opened her mouth, her voice sounded hoarse, and every word she uttered caused her pain. 
Bella quickly stopped Elisa. “Don’t speak just yet. You’ve just gone through a lot; the doctor said you inhaled a lot of water. We… We nearly thought you might never wake up again.”
As she spoke, she choked up for a moment. 
Elisa’s gaze shifted toward the water nearby. Understanding the former’s intention, Bella quickly helped Elisa up, allowing the former to lean against the headboard. 
Then, she brought a glass of warm water to Elisa. 
Having not eaten for a long time, Elisa found her hands trembling slightly as she held the glass. 
Her throat finally felt better after she managed to finish a glass of water. Only then did she turn her attention to Bella, whose eyes were pretty red and swollen, filled with bloodshot veins.” 
Needless to say, Bella must’ve been crying and hadn’t had a good rest in ages to end up looking like this. 
“What… What’s wrong? Did something happen?” 
Bella’s eyelashes fluttered lightly, her eyes welling up with tears before she finally revealed, “That day, at Mount Lusetonas, we didn’t notice anyone when we came out. It was only when we reached the artificial hill that we heard Rachel calling for help…” 
Upon hearing this, Elisa immediately felt an ominous premonition in her heart. 
She was aware that she had drowned, and it seemed she had been rescued. She simply didn’t know who had saved her. But now, it appeared that perhaps Rachel was the first to discover Elisa. 
But why does Bella look so distressed? Isn’t this a good thing? Unless… 
Elisa looked at Bella, signaling the latter to go on.
Bella wiped her tears. “I’m not a good swimmer, so I cried out for help. It was Gareth and Mr. Shane who rushed over and managed to save both of you, one after the other. The doctor said you both inhaled too much water while struggling. Rachel even accidentally hit the wall of the hot spring. The doctor said… The doctor said…” 
She tried to repeat what the doctor had said several times but couldn’t articulate a complete sentence. 
Elisa clutched Bella’s arm, giving it a shake. “Tell me.” 
Unable to hold back her tears anymore, the latter choked out, “The doctor said that Rachel might end up in a vegetative state from now on.” 
All Elisa could feel was her world on the brink of collapsing. 
How could this happen? Why on Earth did this happen! 
She was momentarily struck dumb. Once she snapped back to reality, she proceeded to lift the blanket, wanting to check on Rachel. 
At the side, Bella persuaded, “The doctor also said that it’s already a miracle you woke up. You should really take good care of your own health first.”
###chapter2038
Chapter 2040 Emotions 
Perhaps Elisa still could not believe it or dared not believe it as she started struggling, wanting to go to Rachel. 
Bella could not stop her, nor did she dare to use force. She was so anxious that she was running around in circles. 
It was at this moment that Gareth; carrying a fruit basket, walked over. When he saw Elisa trying to get out of bed, he quickly rushed over and guided her back onto the hospital bed with one hand. 
Elisa was still struggling to get off the bed. Meanwhile, Bella breathed a sigh of relief when she saw Gareth enter. 
Gareth furrowed his brows and stared at Elisa. “Do you have a death wish?” This was probably the first time he had ever spoken to her in such a harsh tone. 
Elisa was momentarily stunned, looking at Gareth with no hint of emotion in her eyes. 
Gareth sighed, his voice softening as he said, “I know you’re anxious right now, but Rachel is already in the intensive care unit. I’ve found the best doctor, so trust me, okay?” 
He took Elisa’s hand and kissed it after noticing her lack of response. “Can you leave everything to me? Your most important task now is to follow the doctor’s orders and focus on resting and recovering.” 
Upon seeing the scene, Bella tactfully excused herself from the ward, not forgetting to close the door behind her. 
Elisa’s eyes were filled with tears. She would only release her emotions when no one was around. She held Gareth tightly as if she wanted to meld him into her very bones and blood.
Even though Elisa had always been fearless, she was afraid of people around her leaving this world, especially Rachel. 
What scares me more is that Rachel might die because of me! 
She would never be able to overcome this trauma, nor flee from this curse, for the rest of her life. 
She would live a lifetime of guilt, trapped forever, yet not daring to leave this world. After all, Rachel had risked her life to save her, so she had no right to dispose of it at will. 
Elisa’s sudden closeness left Gareth somewhat at a loss. Perhaps neither of them had realized that after going through so much together, they had long since regarded each other as their most trusted companions. 
In their most helpless times, the other person became the only thing they could rely on. 
It was rare for Elisa to let her guard down like that. Most of the time, she had always appeared invincible. Perhaps this was her way of protecting her inner vulnerability. 
Gareth gently patted Elisa’s back, his actions not very smooth. Instead, they were somewhat comical, like he was trying to soothe a child. 
“Don’t be upset. Rachel surely wouldn’t want to see you like this. Once you’ve calmed down a little, I’ll go with you to see her, okay?” 
As Elisa nodded vigorously, Gareth could feel a slight pain where her chin jabbed into his shoulder. 
However, with the lovely girl in his arms, he could not bear to let go. 
Perhaps this is what it feels like to experience both pain and pleasure.
Elisa quickly processed her emotions and was soon back to normal. 
While wiping the tears from her face, she apologized to Gareth in a very polite manner, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to. Do you want to change your clothes…” 
Gareth quirked his eyebrows. “What’s the matter? Did you get snot on it?” 
Elisa chuckled through her tears and went along with his words, saying, “Yeah, your shoulder is all covered with my snot.” 
Gareth chuckled along, gently ruffling her hair. “It’s okay. I don’t mind you,” he said earnestly. 
Elisa was momentarily stunned by his seriousness, taking a while to regain her composure.
###chapter2039
Chapter 2041 Reminiscence. 
Gareth also realized he had crossed the line and smiled sheepishly as he pulled his hand back. 
The atmosphere suddenly became somewhat awkward. 
“You…” 
“I…” 
Either both of them would remain silent, or they would speak at the same time. It was unclear where this unspoken understanding between them came from. 
The two exchanged a glance and grinned. 
Gareth spoke up. “You go first.” 
Elisa shook her head. “You first.” 
Gareth refused, insisting, “I don’t have much to say. It’s just that the atmosphere was awkward earlier, so I wanted to say a few words to lighten the mood. Your matter is more important.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa stopped holding back and asked, “I wanted to ask, how long was I unconscious? What exactly happened on the day at Mount Lusetonas? I only remember drowning. I don’t know anything about what happened after that. I didn’t even know that Rachel came to rescue me.” 
With a sigh, Gareth began to answer her questions one by one. 
“You’ve been unconscious for three days and two nights. Bella and I have been taking turns to stay by your side, hoping to be there when you wake up. Rachel has also been in the intensive care unit all this
time.” Gareth appeared concerned that Elisa might worry, so he added reassuringly, “But you need not worry. Vincent is watching over Rachel. Nothing will go wrong. 
Elisa nodded, a trace of sorrow inevitably crossing her eyes. 
Gareth continued, “At Mount Lusetonas, I came out after changing my clothes, only to see Bella standing anxiously on the shore, calling for help. The second she saw me, she immediately asked me to rescue you and Rachel, saying that you two had fallen into the water. Vincent had come out with me and promptly jumped into the water. We each saved one of you.” 
Elisa’s expression remained somber throughout. In truth, Gareth did not wish to stir up her unpleasant memories. However, there were certain things that he could not understand, and he needed her to clarify- them. 
“When Rachel was pulled from the water, her breathing was already very faint. Vincent performed CPR on the spot and immediately called an ambulance. At the hospital, the doctor said that your brain was severely deprived of oxygen, and you might not wake up. Even if you did, you might become mentally impaired. As for Rachel, it’s possible because of how much water was in her lungs…” Gareth seemed to lack the courage to continue, not wanting to upset Elisa further. 
Elisa had already learned about the cruel possibility from Bella. She did not probe further, merely inquiring, “Where was Kaylee at that time?” 
Kaylee was never mentioned once in the entire story. 
This was something that Elisa found extremely suspicious. 
Ultimately, she still had doubts about Kaylee.
Gareth did not understand why Elisa suddenly asked about Kaylee and said truthfully, “The situation was very chaotic at the time, and I wasn’t paying attention. It seemed… it seemed like she wasn’t among the crowd.” 
After pondering for a moment, he gave her a definitive answer. “Indeed, she wasn’t there.” 
Elisa did not doubt what Gareth said, for he typically would not speak with such certainty. 
He would not use definitive language unless he was absolutely certain. Essentially, this was how people in high society conducted themselves. 
They would refrain from speaking too confidently about matters they were unsure about to avoid embarrassment later. 
Moreover, she was aware of Gareth’s photographic memory. 
He could roughly remember any contact with just a glance, let alone recall the presence of a person in a particular setting. So naturally, he would not make a mistake.
###chapter2040
Chapter 2042 I Believe You 
If Kaylee wasn’t there, does this mean that the pulling sensation I felt in the water was her? Was she hiding underwater at that time? 
“Could it be her?” Elisa murmured. Gareth was somewhat puzzled, but he kept getting the impression that she was hiding something. 
“Who? Kaylee?” he asked. 
Elisa looked up, meeting the concerned gaze of Gareth. After a moment of contemplation, she decided to voice her inner speculation. Even though it sounded absurd, she did not want to hide anything from him. 
“You know I’m a good swimmer, and that hot spring isn’t that deep, just around one hundred and eighty meters. I’ve been diving in Gronga before. Isn’t that much more dangerous than this?” 
Gareth nodded in agreement. This was also something he could not figure out. 
Ever since Elisa was brought to the hospital, and with the past three days and two nights of unconsciousness, he could not figure out how she, who was so proficient in swimming, could have drowned. 
This was also the question he wanted to ask. 
Elisa continued. “That day… I soaked in the shallow water area for some time but didn’t spot any of you. So, I went to the deep water area alone. After soaking for a short time there, I started feeling anxious and short of breath, so I wanted to get out of the water. But at that moment, I felt a tugging sensation at my ankle, as if something was pulling at my ankle, dragging me down!” As she spoke, she seemed to become somewhat agitated. 
For her, this was also a very unpleasant memory.
Elisa tugged at Gareth’s arm, her eyes filled with a hint of terror. “That sensation. It felt like a human hand. Do you understand what I mean?” 
Gareth grasped her arm, saying, “I understand. I get what you mean now.” 
Only after hearing that did Elisa gradually calm down. 
Gareth comforted her, lowered her back onto the bed, and carefully tucked in the quilt. Only then did he speak. “So what you’re trying to say is… Kaylee sneaked underwater and pulled you and Rachel down?” 
Elisa nodded, then shook her head. 
She looked at Gareth, who was staring back at her. They exchanged a glance, and Elisa immediately understood what he was implying. 
Regardless of whether he saw it himself or for whatever reason, Gareth did not believe that there was someone underwater at that time, let alone think that Kaylee was the cause of everything that happened. 
Elisa stared at Gareth, silently asking if he had noticed anything unusual at that time. 
The answer was no 
Gareth kept his gaze on her as he struggled to speak. “Vincent and I both jumped into the water at the time, but we didn’t find anything unusual. More importantly, I later retrieved the surveillance footage at 
Mount Lusetonas and found no one had entered before you did.” 
Elisa was somewhat disheartened. If it wasn’t Kaylee, who could it be?
She looked at Gareth, her expression serious. “Do you believe me?” she asked slowly, emphasizing each word. 
In actuality, she was a little uncertain. What if Gareth doesn’t believe me? 
After all, compared to her speculations, he had seen the actual footage. 
“I believe you,” Gareth uttered without any hesitation. 
This was the greatest trust he could place in Elisa. 
Elisa stared at Gareth, feeling a warm current flowing through her heart, making her feel all cozy and warm. 
“Thank you…” Elisa communicated her gratitude through her words and the gaze she gave Gareth. 
The latter simply smiled.
###chapter2041
Chapter 2043 Silenced 
“Between you and me, there’s no need for such formalities. Our top priority now is to determine if it was an accident.” Gareth paused and looked at a particular spot outside the window. His voice suddenly hardened, carrying a chilling tone, “Or was it an attempted murder!” 
Something within Elisa stirred at his words. 
This is definitely an attempted murder and a premeditated act targeted at me. It’s just that unexpectedly, it was Rachel who got hurt in the end. If… If Rachel never wakes up in this lifetime and can only lie in bed in a vegetative state, how can I atone for my sins? 
Upon noticing that Elisa was feeling a bit down, Gareth took the initiative to bring up Kaylee, effectively diverting Elisa’s attention. 
“Why did you ask me earlier if Kaylee was around? Do you suspect that she has sneaked underwater?” 
Elisa stared at Gareth, nodding solemnly. 
The latter raised his eyebrows slightly. “Why?” 
Gareth knew very well that Elisa was not the type to slander others without evidence, much less hold a grudge over past friction and make wild guesses. 
She must have clear and specific evidence to make such a statement. 
Unfortunately, she could not produce any substantial evidence this time. 
Elisa stared at Gareth, hesitating to speak several times. In the end, she decided to speak up. 
“Do you remember when we invited Grandma to come along and soak in the hot springs at Mount Lusetonas? Not only did she decline, but she also insisted we bring Kaylee along, remember?”
With a hint of hesitation, Gareded. It wasn’t that he had forgotten about the matter, but he was pondering what his grandmother had to do with it. 
Elisa continued, “At that time, I went in with Bella. Grandma’s attitude toward me was very…” She did not even know how to describe what was going on between them as it was unprecedented. 
“She was very distant. It’s like she didn’t want to talk to me at all. I’ve been reflecting on myself these past few days, wondering if I’ve done something wrong. But no matter how much I think about it, I can’t find anything I did wrong.” 
Elisa chose a gradual approach, not mentioning the Wyrithian immediately but first discussing Julia’s unusual behavior. 
Gareth nodded, signaling her to continue speaking. 
Elisa continued, “When we were about to leave that day, Maria told me that Grandma has been acting very differently lately. After that, we decided to stay another night at Mount Lusetonas. I also called Grandma the next morning. In short, she was very… strange. She was constantly worried about Kaylee and only about her. Later on, I started questioning what was going on with Grandma, and I thought I should tell you about it. The moment I stepped out, I found Kaylee at the table, looking a little uneasy. She returned my facial cleanser and then walked out with me.” 
Elisa continued to reminisce, “All along the way, her gaze was always subtly fixed on me. I could sense it, but I just never said anything about it.” 
“So, you suspect that Kaylee did something to Grandma, and you’re worried that if you tell me the truth. she might harm you,” Gareth added, finishing her sentence.
Elisa nodded, finding it enjoyable to converse with intelligent people. She merely had to hint at certain. aspects without having to explain everything in detail. He would naturally understand what she meant and the connection between the two matters. 
Gareth fell into deep thought. This isn’t a small matter and requires careful consideration.
###chapter2042
Chapter 2044 Paying A Visit 
Elísa was not in a hurry to rush Gareth. 
The ward suddenly fell silent, which was a bit unusual. 
After a while, Harry finally said, “Indeed, such a possibility cannot be ruled out.” 
Elisa heaved a sigh of relief as if a heavy burden had been lifted. Thankfully, Gareth believed in me. Otherwise, I wouldn’t know what to do. 
Elisa patted her chest, her face filled with relief after a narrow escape. “Thank goodness you’re a smart person.” 
Gareth curled his lips. “So, if I don’t believe you, does that make me a fool?” 
How is it that he still has the mood to joke around at a time like this? Elisa glared at Gareth and asked, “When you went to check the surveillance footage that day, did you look at the footage of the water’s surface?” 
Upon hearing that, Gareth was taken aback for a moment. He then shook his head. “I only checked the exit surveillance, which showed that you were the only one there before. The only places you went to were the hospital and the company, so I didn’t look into it any further.” 
After all, no matter how one looked at it, it would still seem like an accident. 
No one would think it could be a murder case. 
If it hadn’t been Elisa herself who said those things, perhaps Gareth wouldn’t have believed them if they came from anyone else.
Elisa nodded. “The top priority now is to retrieve the surveillance footage. We can’t let them clean it up or get it deleted by someone.” 
The two exchanged a glance and quickly came to an agreement. 
Given the gravity of the situation, Gareth decided to make the trip himself. 
After having lunch with Elisa, Gareth drove to Mount Lusetonas. 
Accompanied by Bella, Elisa arrived outside the intensive care unit. 
That was a private VIP ward. It was sterile inside, so no one was allowed in. However, there was a large transparent glass through which they could see what was happening inside. 
Elisa rested her face against the glass, looking somewhat helplessly inside. 
Rachel’s body was covered in numerous tubes, some for oxygen supply, others for monitoring vital signs. 
The fluctuating EKG was the only proof that she was still alive. Obviously, it was an unbearable situation. 
Elisa’s hands clenched into helpless fists. If she could, she would rather be the one lying there. 
Bella gently advised from the side, “Elisa, your health isn’t fully recovered yet. It’s not good for you to get too emotional. Let’s go back. We shouldn’t disturb Rachel’s rest.” 
Elisa’s feet felt as if they were filled with lead, unable to take a step. She couldn’t bear to take her eyes off the ran one, lying there with her fate unknown? What should I do if she spends the rest of her life lying there?
“Weren’t we supposed to go see the Northern Lights together? You haven’t fulfilled your promise yet. If you dare to leave this world now, I’ll drag you back from the underworld. In those cases you handled before, the clients were all vulnerable groups. Without you, they can’t afford a lawyer, and they’ll get bullied. So many things are waiting for you to do, so you must wake up when you’ve had enough rest.. Don’t just lie there.” Elisa murmured through the glass. Bella, who was standing nearby, heard her and felt. a pang in her heart. 
On one hand, it was disheartening to see a once vibrant person spend the latter half of their life lying in bed, barely alive. 
On the other hand, Bella didn’t want to see the spirited Elisa trapped in a lifetime of memories and guilt, unable to break free. This shouldn’t have been the end for the two of them.
###chapter2043
Chapter 2045 Making A Choice 
“Please, take a seat.” 
A familiar voice rang out, causing Elisa to stiffen slightly as she turned around. There, she saw Vincent. 
The person who used to care most about his image now had his eyelids drooping over his eyes. He looked utterly listless. Underneath his eyes were dark circles, and some stubble had grown on his chin, which he hadn’t bothered to shave off 
The person seemed entirely different from before, and it was clear that the change was due to a lack of rest and excessive worry. 
Although Vincent appeared frail, his voice was surprisingly robust, which put Elisa at ease. It’s a relief that Vincent didn’t get sick because of this. I can’t imagine causing harm to two people at once. 
Bella helped Elisa to sit down. Vincent casually put down the things in his hand and looked at her. 
Elisa gave it a cursory glance. It was all toiletries and daily necessities. Is he planning to stay here? 
Facing Elisa’s somewhat doubtful gaze, Vincent tugged at the corner of his mouth, forcing a somewhat stiff smile, “I just bought some stuff and put my work aside, I just want to take care of Rachel here. She’s such a strong person. How could it be okay for her to stay alone in the hospital?” 
Elisa was taken aback. She then followed Vincent’s gaze toward Rachel, who was lying motionless on the bed. 
If it weren’t for the still-beating heart monitor, there would probably be no evidence to prove that she was still alive. 
Elisa lowered her gaze before she looked at Vincent again. “I heard that your law firm was promoting you to become a partner. Why did you turn it down?”
Although Elisa was in the hospital, her network of connections was still extensive outside. She was aware of all the news. 
In addition to the influential Gareth, Vincent wasn’t surprised by the fact that Elisa knew about the promotion. 
However, Vincent didn’t expect words to travel so fast. I only turned down the offer two hours ago, and Elisa has already heard about it. 
Despite his thoughts, Vincent didn’t ask her how Elisa knew about it because that wasn’t important. 
He simply nodded in response. 
Elisa anxiously asked, “Why? Is it because you need to take care of Rachel? We can actually take turns doing that. She wouldn’t want to hinder your promotion. That was an opportunity of a lifetime. Rachel would be upset if she knew.” 
Bella also looked at Vincent with a face full of agreement. Vincent hooked up the corner of his mouth in a smile, tilting his head back, his gaze seeming to see through the present and into the distant past. 
As the person involved, Vincent appeared quite carefree when he answered, “She wouldn’t be upset. If she knew that I quietly became a partner while she was unconscious, then she would be upset when she woke up. Besides, I don’t have that much time and energy right now. My mind is not on it at all.” 
Elisa wanted to persuade him further, but Vincent’s next response stopped her from doing so. 
“I never wanted to be confined by rules and regulations. Compared to the immediate benefits in front of me, I prefer to consider my future. I like…” His gaze fell on Rachel as he tugged at the corner of his mouth. and continued, “I want a future that includes her. If I get promoted to partner, it will be tough for
us to meet. I’ll have to schedule time by the minute. Isn’t it better the way it is now? There will be plenty of opportunities in the future. If some things aren’t done now, I might regret it for the rest of my life.” 
Upon hearing that, Elisa naturally didn’t have much else to say. 
Bella opened her mouth slightly, but she couldn’t utter a single word.
###chapter2044
Chapter 2046 Taking Care 
After discussing Vincent’s matters, Vincent actually wanted to talk about Elisa’s affairs and help her untangle the knots in her heart. 
“I can tell you’re upset since Rachel fell unconscious,” Vincent said without paying attention to Elisa’s reaction. 
Elisa didn’t respond. She just lowered her head and looked at her own toes. 
What Vincent said was the truth. There was nothing to refute. They both knew the truth deep down. 
Vincent said, “They probably told you when they were comforting you that Rachel wouldn’t blame you. Whether she blames you or not, honestly, I don’t know. You’re not sure either, are you? Right now, everything is just speculation.” 
Elisa looked at Vincent, a bit puzzled, not understanding what he wanted to say. 
Bella was staring at Vincent, shaking her head at him, signaling him not to say such provocative words at this time. 
Elisa had already been blaming herself for a long time. She had barely managed to make some progress, but Vincent was risking turning all her efforts futile with his words. 
Ignoring Bella, Vincent casually said, “Whether she blames you or not, no one knows. So, if you want to know, you have to take care of your health. It’s said that doctors don’t treat themselves, but understand your current physical condition.” Vincent hinted, glancing at Elisa’s leg. you should 
Elisa had barely managed to walk a few steps, and she was already feeling faint from hunger. She hadn’t eaten all day and had only just managed to have a little food to fill her stomach. She had rushed over there before she could fully recover. If it weren’t for Bella by her side, who knew what would have happened?
Somewhat embarrassed, Elisa pulled her legs in. 
That was indeed the first time she wore such an expression. Bella speculated that perhaps she felt she had let Rachel down and, in turn, felt indebted to Vincent, which left her lacking confidence in her speech. 
She initially thought Vincent would provoke Elisa, but surprisingly, his words worked quite well. It was visibly evident that Elisa was no longer dispirited. 
Elisa originally wanted to talk about the murder, but seeing Vincent’s haggard appearance, she hesitated for a moment. 
However, she realized that this was all baseless speculation. Everything was just her conjecture. She didn’t want to follow her assumptions recklessly and wasted her efforts for nothing. 
Therefore, she caught herself and simply told Vincent to take good care of his own health so as not to run himself into the ground. 
Vincent chuckled. “I will.” 
After exchanging a few more words, Bella then assisted Elisa in returning home. 
Vincent was indeed true to his reputation as a top-notch lawyer, hitting the nail on the head with just a few words. On the way back, Elisa was noticeably no longer downcast but seemed to have regained some of her spirit. 
Now, all that was left was to wait for Gareth to bring back the surveillance footage. Then, everything could be resolved easily.
Driving back from Mount Lusetonas took about four to five hours round trip. Elisa waited alone the whole time. 
During that time, she had sent Bella away. 
Initially, Bella didn’t want to leave, but she couldn’t resist Elisa’s insistence. Indeed, Elisa’s reasons were quite justified. 
“What could possibly happen to me in the hospital? At most, you could just hire a caregiver to keep me company. Besides, your brother will be back soon. Nothing will go wrong.” 
Bella was still reluctant. Seeing that, Elisa had no choice but to use her trump card. 
“If you don’t go back and rest properly, how can you manage the company for me? The company still needs y you to go back and hold the fort. I certainly don’t want to recover from an illness only to find that we’ve gone bankrupt.”
###chapter2045
Chapter 2047 Unexpected Guest 
Bella knew that what Elisa said made sense, so she didn’t insist any further. 
When Elisa saw the somewhat staggering figure of Bella, her heart ached too. 
She had been lying in the hospital for a few days. Needless to say, Bella had stayed tirelessly by her side. day and night.. 
Luckily, Mike kept her company 
Just now, Bella was busy replying to messages on WhatsApp, and by the sound of it, she was conversing with Mike. 
It seemed that the two had been quite close lately, which was a good thing. 
The moment Bella left, the smile on Elisa’s face froze instantly. 
She no longer pretends. Instead, she started to sort things out in her mind. 
All the clues in her mind had become a tangled mess, chaotic and disordered. She couldn’t think of anything useful at all. 
Therefore, it was necessary to sort things out. Only then could her patience be rewarded. 
The main focus was to organize the timeline, as well as all the events related to Kaylee that had occurred during that period. 
No matter how small or minute the matter, everything had to be thoroughly sorted out. 
Upon a hasty recollection, it seemed like there wasn’t anything particularly special. 
On the second round of recollection, the knock on the door interrupted Elisa’s train of thought.
Elisa was about to speak, assuming the caregiver hired by Bella had arrived. However, the door was abruptly opened. 
The sound of high heels clacking on the ground seemed as if they were stepping directly onto Elisa’s heart. 
She looked toward the newcomer. 
It wasn’t the caretaker. Instead, the newcomer was the person Elisa had been suspecting, Kaylee. 
Is she walking into a trap? Elisa stared at Kaylee, her eyes filled with caution and a mix of complex emotions. 
Even though the matter wasn’t entirely settled, Elisa was almost certain that Kaylee must be the one responsible. She couldn’t imagine anyone else being involved. This incident was definitely planned in advance, perhaps from the day before the drowning, or from the moment of getting in the car, or even earlier. 
Thinking of Rachel and Vincent, as well as Gareth, who was currently running around for that matter, and Bella, who just went back to rest, Elisa really couldn’t bring herself to treat Kaylee with courtesy. 
She couldn’t muster the interest to get involved with her either. 
“What are you here for?” Elisa’s voice sounded languid and somewhat listless. 
It seemed as if Kaylee didn’t pick up on the unwelcoming tone in her voice. She casually plopped down next to Elisa as if they were closely acquainted. 
That was where Bella had sat. 
Just like that, she stared at Elisa up close, not uttering a word, as if observing something.
“What are you looking at?” Elisa asked, sounding a bit impatient. 
Kaylee seemed a bit stunned but quickly regained her composure. 
“I heard that you’re awake, Elisa, so I deliberately came to see you,” 
Elisa almost burst out laughing. You’re here to see if I’m dead, aren’t you? It seems she’s here to enjoy the spectacle, not to pay a visit. 
“Do you visit someone empty-handed?” Elisa sized up Kaylee. 
Kaylee’s face turned a little pale. 
On one hand, it was because Elisa had bluntly exposed her. On the other, she felt a little disappointed. I thought that after going through such an incident, even if Elisa didn’t die, she should have become an idiot. 
Unexpectedly, she’s still the same as always, malicious and annoying, only knowing how to nitpick at me. Why isn’t she like this when Gareth is here? 
Having concluded that Elisa was just putting on an act, Kaylee decided to drop her pretense as well. After all, Gareth is not here right now, so who am I putting on a show for?
###chapter2046
Chapter 2048 Confrontation 
With a change of attitude, Kaylee was no longer behaving as timidly as she used to be. Raising an eyebrow, she said disdainfully, “Do I need to bring a fruit basket to see if you’re dead or alive? Perhaps I should have brought chrysanthemums instead:” 
Elisa looked at Kaylee with a hint of surprise. She doesn’t even bother to pretend anymore. 
It seemed the time had come to speak frankly. Elisa tucked her loose hair behind her ear, her gaze fixed intently on Kaylee as if trying to see right through her. “I’m not dead. You must be quite disappointed. After all the effort you put into your scheme, I’m still unscathed.” 
A mocking curve tugged at the corner of Elisa’s mouth, and she was regarding Kaylee with a hint of pity int her eyes. 
That was the look that Kaylee hated the most. She really detested being looked at with pity, as that would remind her of some unpleasant memories. 
Even though all of that was in the past, and she was no longer the country bumpkin from the mountains, why did she still have to recall those memories?! 
There was a faint glimmer of madness in Kaylee’s gaze as he looked at Elisa as if she had lost her mind. She stared at Elisa ominously. 
If looks could kill, Elisa reckoned she would’ve died a thousand times by then. why such an annoying creature like you hasn’t died yet?! 
“Yes. I am indeed feeling regretful. I’m Gareth?” 
Why do you cling to life, and why do you monopolize Gareth?”
In the throes of her emotions, Kaylee swept all the fruits on the table before her onto the floor, creating a scene of utter chaos. 
Elisa was calm and composed, yet she was still quite apprehensive. 
If Kaylee showed signs of losing control, she would immediately use a restraining technique to seize her and send her to the police station. 
Elisa was not surprised by Kaylee’s blatant confrontation. 
After all, she never believed that Kaylee was truly remorseful. 
A person could deceive others with words, but they could never fool anyone with their eyes and body. language. 
When Elisa was in college, she studied psychology. Although she wasn’t an expert, it was more than enough to deal with the average person. 
It was clear at first glance to her that Kaylee was like a beast that was temporarily lowering its head in submission. 
Yet, her wild nature remained untamed, her fangs never retracted. Instead, she was always ready and always lurking, seeking the most opportune moment to take down her prey in one swift bite. 
Elisa was well aware that despite Kaylee’s seemingly indifferent exterior, deep down, she was bothered when others spoke about her background. 
That could be clearly seen by the way she was extremely careful when she was eating 
During their meal together before, Kaylee’s eyes had been fixed on the crab for quite some time. It seemed that she didn’t know how to use the crab-eating tools, so she just kept staring at it without
making a move. 
Only after Elisa had started eating did Kaylee imitate her slavishly. 
In fact, her movements were far from standard. However, Elisa chose not to point it out, simply to spare Kaylee the embarrassment. 
However, that also revealed a lot of issues, such as Kaylee’s feeling of inferiority. 
Elisa slightly raised her eyebrows. Everything she had done so far was precisely to provoke Kaylee. Ideally. she wanted Kaylee to admit her own wrongdoings. 
Elisa stared at Kaylee, her hand stealthily activating the recording function on her phone under the covers. Then, she said to Kaylee, “So, you were the one behind me and Rachel falling into the water, right? Your goal was to put me in a life-threatening situation, wasn’t it?” 
Elisa carefully observed the subtle expressions on Kaylee’s face. The slight twitch at the corner of her mouth hinted at a touch of mockery.
###chapter2047
Chapter 2049 Cold War 
Just as she was about to say something. Elisa’s eyes were fixed unwaveringly on Kaylee, eager to hear her next words, afraid she might miss anything. 
However, at that moment, the sound of a door opening echoed through.. 
The words Kaylee wanted to say were stuck in her throat. She turned her head and locked eyes with Gareth, creating a somewhat awkward moment. 
Elisa was utterly annoyed. Why does he have to return at this moment? He’s interrupting my plan! Well, this is just great. All my plans have been thrown into disarray. 
Upon seeing Gareth, Kaylee regained her sanity.- 
She realized that maybe Elisa had been trying to coax the truth out of her. For a moment, she felt a chill run down her spine, her back tingling with unease. This woman is truly terrifying. 
Elisa watched the change of emotions on Kaylee’s face, knowing that she had come to her senses. Now, there was absolutely no chance left. 
I’ve alerted the enemy! Elisa felt somewhat disheartened for a moment. 
Gareth looked at Kaylee, then glanced at the mess all around. His gaze gave much food for thought. 
It seemed that Kaylee hadn’t quite figured out a reasonable explanation as she hastily uttered, “Since Gareth is back, I’ll take my leave first. You should rest well, Elisa.” 
She left immediately after. 
Things happened so quickly that Elisa didn’t even have time to say anything. 
Gareth watched Kaylee fleeing swiftly with a sense of caution.
He quickly moved to Elisa’s side. Only then did he see the chaos in the ward. 
He quickly asked, “Are you all right?” 
Elisa shook her head, looking a bit crestfallen. 
An anxious look flashed across Gareth’s eyes as he quickly sized up Elisa, ensuring she wasn’t hurt. Only then did he feel relieved. 
Looking at the mess all over the place, he pressed the button, signaling the people below to clean it up. 
People arrived quickly. During that period, Elisa and Gareth didn’t speak to one another. 
Elisa was lying on her side, her back toward Gareth, covered with a blanket. Deep down, she was feeling at bit resentful. If Gareth had come back a bit later, I might have already found something on Kaylee and wouldn’t be in such a passive position. With this, the initiative is no longer in our hands. After this incident, Kaylee probably won’t come to see me for quite some time, let alone give anything away. What a blunder. 
Gareth noticed Elisa’s dissatisfaction, but considering there were people around, he remained silent. 
After patiently waiting for everyone to leave, he finally spoke. “What’s wrong? Did I do something wrong?” Gareth quickly thought and asked, “Or is it that you want to talk to Kaylee alone? Do you have any questions for her?” 
Gareth, true to his reputation as a long-standing titan of the business world, managed to hit the nail on the head. 
It wouldn’t be fair for Elisa to continue blaming Gareth,
When it came down to it, it was really because she didn’t think things through thoroughly, failing to consider that aspect. 
Elisa sat up and looked at Gareth. Under his inquisitive gaze, she nodded. 
“Yes. I deliberately provoked her to make her admit her crimes.” 
Gareth said, “But recordings made in illegal circumstances are not admissible as evidence.” 
Elisa looked at him, “How could I not know?” 
Having Rachel as a best friend was quite something. Putting complicated regulations aside, Elisa was quite fluent in common laws, such as traffic rules, despite not having memorized them completely. 
Therefore, naturally, Elisa knew that this kind of recording could not be used as evidence for conviction.
###chapter2048
Chapter 2050 Disappointment 
At least, the recording was sufficient to serve as an explanation. 
That holds true for me, for Vincent, and even for Rachel, who is still bedridden. 
Gareth understood how upset must be Elisa feeling, so he did not say much. Instead, he produced his laptop calmly, turned it on, plugged in the USB drive, and played the surveillance video. He did it all in one smooth flourish. 
“Take a look at this.” Gareth handed the laptop to Elisa, then got up to pour a glass of water and placed it beside her bed. 
Elisa opened her mouth, about to say something, but ultimately did not utter a word. Instead, she abandoned that notion and focused intently on the surveillance footage on the screen. 
After completing his tasks on hand, Gareth sat down beside Elisa and watched it with her. 
Elisa appeared a little uneasy. Her gaze kept drifting toward Gareth. 
The atmosphere gave off the impression that the pair were watching a romantic movie together, 
While Elisa was plunged into a whirlwind of her thoughts, the footage arrived at the part of her entering the water. 
Before this, no one had entered the private pool. 
The privacy of the pool was excellent, which was to be expected given its high cost. Therefore, the day before it was booked, somebody was sent to clean it thoroughly inside and out. Then, the water was changed first thing the following morning. 
There was no dispute that Elisa was the first one to enter the pool after the water had been changed.
Elisa fell silent, and so did Gareth. 
He gazed at Elisa, worried that she would not accept the outcome. 
Elisa’s voice trembled. “Are we sure there are no signs of tampering with this clip?” 
Gareth gazed at her sadly. In the end, he nodded. 
He had asked Jacob before he came and had ascertained that there were indeed no signs of editing of the video. 
In other words, the possibility of murder has been ruled out. Elisa drowned herself, and so did Rachel. 
After all that trouble, this is the result I get. Elisa closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and lay back in bed, lost in thought. 
“What should I do? How should I avenge you?” she murmured under her breath. 
She must be referring to Rachel… 
Gareth could not bear seeing Elisa downcast. “It’s all right,” he comforted her. “At least ! believe you.” 
Elisa gave a bitter smile. “It’s no use even if you believe me. When I get to the precinct and to court, I can’t possibly convince the police and the judge without evidence.” She gazed at Gareth. “I want to get to the bottom of this. There’s no way this was an accident.” 
Upon recalling Kaylee’s actions when she came earlier that day, Elisa felt her conviction deepen. “Yes. This was definitely not an accident.” 
If it were an accident, Kaylee wouldn’t be acting so out of character. This incident must have something to do with her and that sorcery. It has to be!
“We must find leverage on Kaylee. Even the craftiest fox will eventually show its tail. Besides, her tactics are far from brilliant.” Elisa was muttering to herself, scheming on how she was going to expose Kaylee’s true colors. 
This matter pertains not only to me and Rachel, but it also involves Grandma, who is acting very strangely. It’s obvious. Kaylee must have something to do with it. 
After pondering the matter further, she thought it might be related to Bella’s mishap.
###chapter2049
Chapter 2051 Wage Arrears 
Meanwhile, Bella, dragging her weary body, went to the office. 
Originally, Elisa’s intention was for Bella to rest well at home first. 
However, every time Bella closed her eyes, all she could see was Rachel lying lifelessly in the hospital bed, hooked up to a respirator. Either that or she would see Elisa overwhelmed with grief. As a result, Bella couldn’t sleep. 
Just then, her subordinate called to report an issue at the company. Apparently, one of the subsidiary companies had defaulted on their project payments. They hadn’t settled their dues with the workers and had simply vanished. 
Wage arrears were a serious issue. 
Bella didn’t even have time to catch her breath at home and went straight to the company. 
The company entrance was swarmed by the media, all vying to get ahead of each other. They were so eager to rush into the building and interview the person in charge that they would even risk getting trampled. 
After all, for such a high-end company, the occurrence of that kind of accident was a very serious matter. 
Even though it was just a subsidiary company, oftentimes, it was the reputation of the parent company that was at stake. 
To give a simple example, the parent company was like a classroom, and the subsidiaries were the students. within it. 
Outside, students represented the image of their class.
Thus, when a student made a mistake outside, the first thing people thought of was that there was a problem with the class, not the individual. 
The same could be applied to Benett Corporation. Those who were popular were more likely to be targeted, and Benett Corporation was a prominent company. No trouble had arisen when Elisa was in charge. 
Even though Elisa had just stepped away, there were already people eager to stir up trouble. It was truly infuriating. 
If the situation was mishandled even slightly, not only would the brand image plummet drastically, but it could also directly impact the company’s stock price. 
If that happened, the company would be in a precarious situation. 
Bella had no prior experience dealing with such matters, but she was determined to handle the situation. well. 
She had to. 
Otherwise, a slight mistake on her part could lead to irreversible consequences. 
Bella’s car pulled up at the entrance of the building, attracting a swarm of reporters like bees to honey. 
“Ms. Wickam, what is your view on this issue of wage arrears for migrant workers?” 
“I heard that Ms. Benett is in the hospital. Is she genuinely unwell or just feigning illness to avoid this incident?” 
“Ms. Wickam, in regards to this matter, does your company bear any responsibility for inadequate supervision? How do you plan to address this?”
Those journalists not only spoke sharply but also unpleasantly. 
The microphones were practically being thrust into Bella’s mouth, and cameras were almost shoved in her face to capture every moment. 
Security quickly came over to maintain order, and Bella struggled to walk through the human walls formed by the security guards. 
Just when she was about to break through the crowd and enter the company, a pair of giant hands, slightly calloused, grasped hers. 
Bella lifted her gaze and saw Mike. 
Mike wore a neutral expression, though the slight downturn of his lips indicated that he probably wasn’t in the best of moods. 
Still, he pulled Bella out of the encirclement. 
As they started to run, the wind hit their faces, blowing strands of hair. As Bella stared at Mike’s figure, she experienced a peculiar emotion for the first time. 
After much difficulty, the duo finally escaped. The gate was tightly shut, and the last bit of noise was isolated. 
Only then was Bella able to look directly at Mike. 
However, before she could speak, Mike beat her to it. 
He knitted his eyebrows, likely angry, and his tone was far from pleasant. “Why did you come? Don’t you know it’s dangerous right now?”
###chapter2050
Chapter 2052 Comforting 
Bella felt a slight unease. As she looked at Mike, she realized that he seemed somewhat unfamiliar to her. 
In her memory, he had always been a college student with a warm smile, nothing more. 
At that moment, Mike realized that he had been a bit too emotional. He looked apologetically at Bella and scratched the back of his head. “I’m sorry, I… I just think that coming to the company now is not a wise move, given the current chaos. The most urgent thing we should do is to hold a press conference.” 
Bella raised her eyebrows slightly. “It’s precisely because of the commotion that I wanted to come.” 
Upon hearing that, Mike frowned in disagreement. He seemed about to say something, but Bella beat him to it. 
She asked, “You’ve been coming to the office these past few days, haven’t you?” 
Although it was a question, it was asked in a tone of certainty. 
Mike was taken aback, not understanding why Bella suddenly asked about that, but he still nodded in response. 
Bella nodded solemnly. “You should be more aware of the current mood in the company than I am. There are even quite a few rumors going around that Elisa is planning to run away, leaving them here to take the blame. Everyone is in a state of panic. I must step in to reassure them. That’s the most important thing. right now.” 
Bella had already spoken, so naturally, Mike had nothing more to add. He was well aware of the situation.
Things were as Bella said, or maybe even ten times more serious. Quite a few executives have already been poached and have switched jobs. 
The public’s concerns needed to be addressed soon. Otherwise, even if they solved the issue with the migrant workers outside, the company would be nothing more than a hollow shell on the brink of collapse. 
Without any further delay, Bella straightened her clothes and turned to enter the grand hall. Then, she summoned all the managers and executives for a meeting. 
At the meeting, Bella stood at the center, the focal point of all eyes. She appeared somewhat frail, yet it seemed as if her slender figure could bear it all, silently offering everyone assistance and strength. 
Perhaps it was the influence that Bella had developed after spending so much time with Elisa, a case of being influenced by what one constantly saw and heard. 
That kind of influence and appeal didn’t require words. Simply standing there was enough to convince people. 
Bella swept her gaze across the room, and once she felt she had seen enough, she began her presentation. 
“Ladies and gentlemen, I apologize for the inconvenience. I know that due to the subsidiary’s affairs, everyone has been busy, especially the staff in the project department. There have probably been many incoming and outgoing calls recently.” Bella’s gaze fell on the latest project director. 
The project director hung his head low, acknowledging the truth in Bella’s words. 
If it were just phone calls, it would be bearable. However, there were insults, and even contracts they were in the process of negotiating were directly scrapped.
Perhaps the silver lining was that some of their regular clients had chosen not to terminate their contracts. They were probably waiting to see how things would pan out. 
What Bella could say for sure was that if Benett Corporation didn’t take any action to change the tide during that period, they would genuinely be in danger. 
Bella understood clearly. “I know everyone is having a tough time, especially those who need to liaise with external parties. What I want to say is that just because our subsidiary is having issues, it doesn’t mean there are problems within our company. In a large corporation, complexities are inevitable. A company is like a miniature society, and it’s inevitable there are one or two scums within it. I believe everyone can understand that.” 
After Bella finished speaking, a faint laughter could be heard.
###chapter2051
Chapter 2053 Teasing 
Bella had achieved her goal of lightening the atmosphere. She didn’t want it to be so heavy in the first place. 
She wanted the atmosphere to be lively, which was better than being gloomy and lifeless. 
Seeing that she had successfully enlivened the atmosphere, Bella began her work to boost people’s morale. “Therefore, everyone, please remain calm and do not give interviews to the outside on your own. I firmly believe that our company can overcome this challenge, and it will. What kind of challenges haven’t we faced in the past? How can we be easily knocked down? Without experiencing storms, how can we see a rainbow? Without enduring a bone-chilling winter, how can we appreciate the fragrance of plum. blossoms? As long as we stand together, we will overcome this!” 
When Bella spoke, her words were powerful and resonant, capable of truly stirring one’s heart. 
Even someone as composed as Mike felt as if the blood in his entire body was boiling and churning at that moment. 
The others were experiencing similar emotions. 
“Of course, if anyone believes that Benett Corporation is on the brink of collapse, they are free to seek a new job elsewhere. However, let me make this clear. Anyone who leaves Benett Corporation at this stage will not be allowed to return in any capacity or form, not even as a janitor!” It was as though Bella offered a sweet first before delivering a harsh reality. 
First, she assured everyone that the situation was just a minor issue and that Benett Corporation wouldn’t face any problems. 
Then, she made her stance clear. If someone left the company, they would be blacklisted, prompting everyone to carefully consider their actions,
Even a fool would know that it was time to sit back and observe for the moment. 
Hence, after that, the issue of high employee turnover was perfectly resolved through a thorough. announcement by Bella. 
Mike stared at Bella from below the stage as if seeing her for the first time. 
In the hospital, when Elisa learned of Bella’s actions, her mood lifted. 
At last, there was something she could be proud of. 
As Elisa pondered over that matter, Bella arrived to see her, carrying bags of all sizes. 
Bella placed the items on the bedside table. Looking at the pile on the table, Elisa couldn’t help but speak up. “I don’t need anything here. You don’t have to bring bags of stuff every time you visit. Aren’t you tired of carrying them?” 
Bella waved her hand dismissively, poured herself a glass of water, and took a seat next to Elisa. 
“What’s the big deal? It’s just stuff I brought up from the garage.” After saying that, Bella looked around to make sure Gareth was not there. Then, she leaned closer to Elisa and lowered her voice. “Besides, everything I bought is what you need and what you like. No matter how thoughtful my cousin is, he is still a man, and there are some things he just won’t think of getting for you.” 
Bella spoke, winking at Elisa looking quite playful. 
Elisa chuckled. “I really find it hard to reconcile the Mr. Wickam in front of me with the one on stage. Instead of her ruthless, decisive, and cold-hearted demeanor, she’s clearly just a sweet and adorable girl.” Upon hearing those words, Bella blushed, the red reaching even her ears. “You already know?”
Elisa nodded with a smile, waving her phone. “Even though I’m not physically in the office, I have eyes everywhere, don’t I? Someone just informed me. That’s how I found out about how amazing you were.” Even though Bella handled the presentation with ease on stage, she was somewhat flustered at that moment.
###chapter2052
Chapter 2054 Culinary Skills 
Bella blushed and whispered, “Please stop teasing me.” 
Elisa chuckled and replied, “If the people at the company saw you like this, they would be amazed.” 
Feeling her cheeks burning up, Bella covered her face with her hand. 
Seeing Bella’s embarrassment, Elisa stopped teasing her and said sincerely, “You did an excellent job of saving the company from losses. You are a hero to the company, and I want to thank you. Without you, I would have had to go to the company with an IV drip. Who knows how the reporters would have hounded me.” 
After expressing her gratitude, Elisa asked. “Have the reporters been giving you a hard time? I’ve always known that some of them won’t give up until they get what they want. If they ever cross the line, let me know. We’ll see if they can still act so superior after I deal with them.” 
Elisa was serious and not joking or boasting. 
The media had lost its credibility, despite having many journalists. One of the main reasons was that they were being bribed with money. 
If Elisa spent money, she could resolve the issue, but she would have to pay double. 
Elisa didn’t want to spend the money, nor was she willing to. 
After all, she was an honest citizen with nothing to hide, 
However, she was annoyed by how the reporters were willing to slander her. 
Some unscrupulous media outlets had no integrity.
Bella couldn’t help but think of Mike. Thanks to him, she didn’t have to deal with too much trouble from the media. 
To be precise, he whisked her away before she could be troubled. 
Since that day, there seemed to be some subtle changes in their relationship. 
“Bella? Bella!” Elisa’s exclamation brought Bella back to reality. 
Bella shivered slightly and looked at Elisa with a bewildered expression. “Huh? What happened?” 
Elisa chuckled and said, “I was just wondering if the media has been giving you a hard time.” 
Bella nodded and then quickly shook her head. “They haven’t.” 
“Really?” Elisa looked at Bella suspiciously. 
Bella nodded earnestly, confirming that it was true. 
Only then did Elisa believe her. 
“What a coincidence. You’re all here,” Gareth said as he approached the room. 
He, too, was carrying various bags. 
Since Elisa’s condition had stabilized, she insisted that Gareth should go to work and not stay with her all the time. 
However, it was evident that Gareth considered the hospital as his home. 
Or perhaps it could be said that his home was wherever Elisa was.
Every day after work, he would go straight to the hospital, always carrying bags of different sizes. Each time, he would personally cook and share a meal with Elisa. 
During that period, Gareth’s culinary skills had improved rapidly. 
Of course, he had his own reasons for doing so. 
All he wanted was to experience those ordinary, leisurely moments with Elisa. 
Those moments were extremely precious to both of them. 
Bella nodded in greeting to Gareth. 
Gareth nodded back, allowing her to stay and chat with Elisa. Meanwhile, he went into the kitchen to cook. 
The kitchen was part of the VIP ward. 
However, apart from the IV drip in Elisa’s hand, there was nothing else that indicated it was a ward. 
The unit was very spacious, with five rooms, a kitchen, and a living room.
###chapter2053
Chapter 2055 Surprise 
Gareth naturally found his way into the kitchen. 
Bella was slightly taken aback. 
In her mind, her cousin might not be spoiled, but he was definitely privileged. 
This didn’t mean that Gareth was indulged, but rather his family had enough wealth to provide him with everything he needed. 
Therefore, it was only natural to assume that Gareth didn’t know how to do certain things, like cooking. 
Gareth had never showcased that skill of his to the outside world before. 
Seeing the surprised expression on Bella’s face, Elisa chuckled. “Surprised, aren’t you? There’s more to come. Not only can he cook, but he’s also quite talented. His dishes are delicious.” 
Hearing Elisa’s words, Bella became even more curious. 
Thus, the matter that was initially meant to be discussed was postponed to be talked over at the dinner table. 
At that moment, Bella was more interested in seeing how Gareth was cooking. She also wondered if she could lend a hand. 
Bella walked into the kitchen and saw Gareth, wearing a somewhat adorable apron, chopping vegetables on the cutting board. 
Observing how thinly and evenly the potato was sliced, Gareth clearly possessed knife skills. 
Bella clicked her tongue in amazement. “If I hadn’t seen it with my own eyes, I really wouldn’t believe it’s true.”
Gareth simply smiled without uttering a word. 
If, a long time ago, someone had told him he would learn to cook for a woman, he would have thought that person was crazy. 
After all, he had never been one to change himself for others. 
However, it seemed he had indeed changed. 
Watching Gareth cook was a pleasure in itself. It felt like a visual feast. 
He washed, chopped, and stir-fried the vegetables, all in one smooth sequence. Not a single movement was unnecessary. 
After standing for a while, Bella began to roll up her sleeves, ready to lend a hand. 
However, she was stopped by Gareth. 
“No need. Just stay there. I can handle it myself.” Without lifting his head, Gareth halted Bella’s actions. 
Bella paused for a moment, then asked, “What should I do now? I’m perfectly capable. I can’t just sit there and wait for you to cook. It’ll be so embarrassing” Bella scratched her head. She truly felt embarrassed. 
Gareth said without hesitation, “How can you say there’s nothing to do? You can just stay there and chat with Elisa. You can discuss the company’s affairs with her. Consider it as helping me. As for here, I can manage on my own.” 
Having said that, Gareth wiped his hands on his apron and promptly shooed Bella out of the kitchen..
Looking at the closed kitchen door, Bella shook her head with a smile, helplessly returned to the ward, and began peeling fruit for Elisa. 
Elisa was originally engrossed in her book. However, seeing how quickly Bella had returned, she couldn’t help but blink in surprise, asking, “You’re done already? 
Bella shook her head. “No, it’s just that my cousin wouldn’t let me help in the kitchen and kicked me out. So, I had no choice but to ask you to take me in. 
As Bella spoke, she also made a gesture of request. 
Elisa was amused. “Bella’s personality has changed a lot. She has become even more unrestrained and daring. Now, she possesses the courage to confront everything without any hesitation. That is something that the initially submissive, gentle, and soft-hearted Bella did not possess. That is just perfect. Sometimes, she even cracks a few jokes to liven up the atmosphere. She is visibly growing at a rapid pace.”
###chapter2054
Chapter 2056 Medicinal Diet 
Bella and Elisa chatted casually as they finished a plate of strawberries. 
Gareth had finished preparing the dishes as well. 
Looking at the empty plate, he remained silent. 
In the past few days, Elisa had been struggling to eat much of anything. However, that day, she surprisingly managed to eat some fruit, which was a positive development. 
The dishes were served, and Gareth invited the two women to sit down. 
Bella assisted Elisa in sitting at the dining table. 
Then, Bella noticed several home-cooked dishes on the table. There was potato salad, tomato-baked eggs, hot wings, and caramelized carrot soup. 
They weren’t extravagant dishes, but they certainly looked appetizing. 
Furthermore, the combination of meat and vegetables was highly nutritious. 
Every meal of the day was prepared by Gareth himself, following recipes specially designed by professionals he had hired. 
His level of dedication was truly unmatched. 
As soon as he sat down, Gareth began serving food into Elisa’s bowl. 
In no time, a small mountain of food had piled up in the bowl. 
Elisa looked at Gareth, feeling somewhat helpless.
“All right, all right, that’s enough. I can’t eat any more than this,” Elisa said while protectively guarding her bowl as if it were a fragile chick. 
Otherwise, she wouldn’t be able to finish the entire bowl. 
Bella’s gaze shifted between the two. Then, she revealed a teasing smile. She casually picked up a spoonful of potato salad while muttering under her breath. 
“Oh dear, no one is serving me. I’ll help myself and see if my cousin’s culinary skills are as impressive as his knife work.” As Bella spoke, she tasted the spoonful of food. 
Gareth glanced at her, his voice devoid of emotion. “Even while eating, you can’t seem to stop talking.” 
Bella continued eating before her eyes widened, and she stood there, completely stunned. 
“What’s wrong?” Elisa asked with concern, looking at Hella and then glancing at Gareth. Is there something wrong with the potato salad? Is it too salty or too sour? 
Gareth was quite confident in his own cooking skills. He simply crossed his arms and calmly observed Bella. 
The expression on Bella’s face was difficult to describe 
It was as if Bella was savoring something, yet also seemed quite uncomfortable. 
Elisa turned around, fetched a glass of water, and handed it to Bella. 
Bella took the water but didn’t drink it. She held it for a moment before finally speaking. “This is incredibly delicious! Gareth, are you sure you didn’t just order takeout and pretend you cooked this?”
Seeing the situation, Elisa breathed a sigh of relief. And here I was worrying. In the end, Bella just thought the dish was too delicious. All’s well that ends well. 
Gareth pretended to want to knock on Bella’s head, causing her to flinch back slightly. Then, she tightly gripped Elisa’s hand as if she were a drowning person holding onto their last lifeline. 
That strategy proved effective as Gareth ultimately refrained from striking. 
Elisa laughed and said, “I thought it was because it tasted awful. Even if it’s delicious, it can’t be that good, right?” 
Bella shook her head. She hadn’t exaggerated at all. The meal, which she had no expectations for, turned out to be surprisingly delicious. 
Although it was just ordinary home-style food, the taste was simply incredible. 
Even though Elisa was on a medicinal diet, the dishes were still made to be delicious. 
For example, the caramelized carrot soup had licorice root in it, which gave it a unique flavor. It didn’t compromise the taste or make it feel disjointed.
###chapter2055
Chapter 2057 Verbal Sparring 
Gareth had put a great deal of effort into his cooking. 
Elisa chuckled and began serving the food to Bella. “If you find it tasty, feel free to have more.” 
Bella was initially cheerful, but her mood suddenly soured. 
When Elisa asked, Bella simply said she was feeling a bit nostalgic. 
Seeing her expression, Elisa could roughly understand what Bella was reminiscing about. 
Bella was simply thinking about her grandmother and Rachel. 
If everything had gone as planned, they would be sitting together at the same table, enjoying a meal. 
Instead of being in the hospital, it was just the three of them, all alone.. 
The root of all these problems was the annoying Kaylee. 
Although Gareth didn’t really want to address this issue, since it had been brought up, he had no choice but to discuss it. 
Gareth put down his fork and looked at Bella and Elisa. “I’ve given this matter a lot of thought. I trust Elisa, and I also feel that there’s something suspicious about this. Therefore, I plan to return to Wyrithian, which is Kaylee’s hometown, to investigate. By the time I come back, everything should be resolved easily.” 
Seizing that opportunity, Gareth made his stance clear and laid out his action plan. 
Elisa and Bella exchanged a glance.
Elisa voiced her concern. “Won’t this be too dangerous? How about we wait until I’ve recovered from my injuries? Then we can go together.” 
Gareth originally wanted to refuse, but this time, Elisa was surprisingly firm. 
She genuinely didn’t want anything unexpected to happen to the only people left by her side. 
The whole situation with Kaylee was already quite mysterious. Therefore, she believed it would be better if they went together. At least they could watch out for each other that way. 
Unable to resist Elisa’s insistence, Gareth agreed. 
“So, did the doctor mention when Elisa can be discharged?” Bella asked casually at that moment. 
Gareth said, “She’ll probably need to stay in the hospital for observation for about three more days, just to be on the safe side.” 
Elisa nodded while Bella kept muttering the phrase ‘three days’ under her breath, looking deeply troubled. 
Elisa noticed something was off and asked, “Is something wrong? Just tell me. I’m in good health. I’m only staying in the hospital for precautionary observation. I know my own body. If necessary, I can leave the hospital at any time.” 
Before Bella could say anything, Gareth scolded, “Nonsense! How can you joke about your own health?” 
“I’m not joking. I am a doctor myself. How could I not understand? Also, to be frank, there’s not a single doctor in the entire hospital who can surpass my skills. 
What Elisa said might sound a bit harsh, but it was nothing but the truth.
Bella saw the two about to start arguing and wanted to mediate, but they were speaking back and forth so quickly that they didn’t give her a chance at all. 
“Even a doctor doesn’t treat themselves. You know that well,” said Gareth. 
“That’s what people generally say, but I know my own body best,” Elisa retorted. 
“No. I simply won’t agree to your discharge from the hospital right now.” 
“I am an adult. I don’t need anyone’s control or approval for my actions.” 
Seeing the conflict about to escalate, Bella raised her voice, “Hold on, hold on, how about we listen to what I have to say before deciding-” 
“Shut up!” Elisa and Gareth shouted in unison.
###chapter2056
Chapter 2058 Win Win 
With a pitiful look, Bella made a zipping motion across her mouth. 
Elisa also realized that she had been a bit too loud earlier. She waved her hand, expressing some regret as she said, “I’m sorry. I got a bit carried away. Please, go ahead.” 
Although Gareth didn’t say anything, he probably held the same thoughts. 
Seeing the two finally calm down and willing to listen to her, Bella felt incredibly moved, even to the point of wanting to cry. 
However, Gareth didn’t give her much time. His intent gaze was clear as day. Bella had no choice but to be concise, quickly explaining the ins and outs of the matter. 
To summarize, while Bella had managed to suppress the recent company incident, there were still slanders floating around. 
Since no explanation had been given to the media, both the media and netizens continued to express righteous indignation. They were hurling insults at Elisa and Benett Corporation. 
Some of the employees at Benett Corporation even had stink bombs thrown at them for no reason while they were at work. 
Even more extreme cases involved unknown individuals showing up at the employees’ residences to splash red paint. 
The employees were suffering due to the disturbance. 
The company’s image simply couldn’t tolerate such rampant destruction.
Bella was considering holding a press conference to address the matter by inviting a few industry friends and reliable reporters. 
However, it was certain that the results would be better if Elisa was personally involved. 
However, Elisa would only be discharged from the hospital three days later. 
As such, Bella was afraid that they might miss the best time to clarify things if it was done three days later. 
Thus, Bella conducted a simple analysis of the reasons and pros and cons. 
Elisa contemplated her actions. 
Meanwhile, Bella wore a doleful expression. 
Gareth propped his chin pensively. For a moment, the room fell into silence. 
After a while, Elisa snapped her fingers, drawing the attention of the two people. They stared at her, dumbfounded. 
“I got it,” said Elisa. 
“Huh?” Bella blinked, her face filled with confusion. 
Elisa laughed and said, “The important thing is to hold the press conference, not where it’s held, right? It’s not about the format either, right?” 
Bella nodded, blinked, and didn’t quite grasp the connection between those two prerequisites. 
Gareth, on the other hand, smiled knowingly.
Elisa continued, “In that case, why not hold an online press conference? This way, we won’t need the media to spread the word. Everyone, from ordinary people to big shots, can see it on TV. To be honest, I’ve been quite fed up with some unscrupulous media for a while now.” 
Indeed, Elisa had long held a grudge against those reporters, especially when it came to that recent incident at the company. 
Not a single media outlet was interested in reporting on the deeper issues. All they were thinking about was how to tarnish the company’s reputation, how to dig up more dirt, and how to make life difficult for those in charge. 
The media outlets had long lost their way. 
Calling them journalists was nothing short of an insult to the very name of journalism. 
Bella’s eyes lit up when she realized what Elisa was planning, and she gave Elisa a thumbs up. “That’s a good idea. This way, not only will the press conference be held, but the purpose of clarification will also be achieved. Moreover, it won’t affect Elisa’s hospital observation, let alone the relationship between Elisa and Gareth. There’s no need for the two of them to argue over this matter anymore. Most importantly, Elisa is a patient, meaning if she does this, people will see how dedicated she is. All the previous rumors about Elisa being pretentious or irresponsible will be dispelled. We’ll be killing two, no, three birds with one stone. This will be amazing!”
###chapter2057
Chapter 2059 Preparing 
Upon receiving that directive, Bella immediately began gathering resources in earnest. 
The arrangements had been made for tomorrow afternoon. 
This allowed time for advertisement and also provided an opportunity to explain the situation without rushing and hastily settling the matter. 
However, there was still one thing that Bella couldn’t understand. “Are we really just outright. excluding the media?” 
After all, there would be people who wouldn’t be able to attend the online conference. In that day and age, leveraging the power of the media was indeed quite necessary. 
Elisa smiled. “Of course not. However, once this matter gets out, they will certainly rush to report it. Regardless of their own views on this matter, as long as we do what the people desire and dictate the prevailing trend, nothing else matters.” 
Gareth added from the side, “When the time comes, even if they have to pay out of their own pocket, they’ll want to get into the hospital for an interview. So, I’ll make sure the confidentiality here is well taken care of.” 
Bella silently admired Elisa’s tact and strategy in her heart. I still have a long way to go, and there’s so much more for me to learn… 
After finishing their meal, Bella stayed a bit longer to discuss some specific details of the matter. Then, in a hurry, she left. 
Before, she would have loved nothing more than to stay the night there.
If it weren’t for Elisa’s insistence, and if she didn’t need to care for her grandmother, she really wouldn’t want to return to that cold, unfeeling home. 
In fact, she could barely call that place home anymore. 
After all, Kaylee was in control. 
No one in the family would dare to oppose her because she had the adoration of the matriarch. 
In just a week’s time, quite a number of the elderly relatives had already been sent away by her. 
Even at home, Bella had to avoid conflict, feeling uneasy and flustered. 
If it weren’t for taking care of her grandmother, Bella would not want to go back at all. 
When Bella was about to leave, Elisa noticed her resistance. Elisa patted her hand and comforted her, “All of this will pass soon. I know you must be feeling terrible right now, probably full of anger, but please try to bear with it a little longer.” 
Having heard what Elisa had to say, Bella naturally had no choice but to agree. However, deep down, she felt somewhat relieved. 
The thought that everything she was doing was for her grandmother made all her hardships meaningful. I’ll see the light at the end of the tunnel eventually, right? 
Elisa continued, “At home, apart from taking care of your grandmother, it’s even more important for you to take care of your own health. If anything happens, if you feel unwell, you must let us know immediately. Your safety is now the top priority. As for your grandmother, Kaylee still needs her support, so she’s likely safe.” 
Bella nodded, then slowly left.
Watching Bella leave, Elisa sighed. How did things end up like this? 
Gareth noticed Elisa’s low spirits and comforted her, “Everything will pass, and things will gradually get better, I promise.” 
Elisa looked at him and nodded in response. I hope so….
###chapter2058
Chapter 2060 Compromise 
When the next day arrived, Elisa woke up early, all for the sake of the press conference. 
She had breakfast with Gareth. 
As per his usual routine, after finishing breakfast, Gareth would head off to work at the company. 
Elisa, on the other hand, continued to stay in the hospital. Previously, she needed to undergo systematic treatment and recuperation. At that point, she was only subjected to daily routine check-ups, primarily focusing on her heart and lungs. 
To be honest, she really felt there was nothing wrong with her health. 
However, there was no harm in being a bit cautious. 
After the two had finished their meal, Gareth showed no intention of leaving. 
Elisa stared at him, her eyes questioning what was going on. 
Thus, Gareth met Elisa’s gaze head-on, neither avoiding nor speaking. 
Elisa didn’t believe that he didn’t understand her meaning, but she still asked, “Don’t you have to work today?” 
Gareth shook his head. “You’re having a press conference today, aren’t you? Even though we only need some live broadcast equipment, once it’s aired, there will definitely be a constant. stream of people coming for interviews. I’m worried that the preparations may not be thorough enough, so I decided to stay and oversee it.” 
Gareth had a valid reason, but Elisa was not buying it. “No matter what, I’m still here. All you need to do is ask your people to stay here.”
She didn’t want to interfere with Gareth’s work, nor did she want to owe him too much. 
Gareth seemed a bit desolate. 
The atmosphere between the two was somewhat eerie, accompanied by a bout of silence. 
Ultimately, Gareth relented, “If you don’t want me here, then so be it. I respect your wish. I won’t take anyone away. I’ll also ask Jacob to stay here and also…” 
Gareth was talking to himself, seemingly wishing he could keep everyone from the company there. 
Listening to him spew out one name after another, Elisa felt a headache. 
“Fine. You should stay.” Elisa rubbed her throbbing brow, finally giving in. 
Gareth revealed a secret triumphant smile. 
Thus, the two of them had settled on that agreement. 
However, Elisa asked Gareth to keep his distance unless necessary to avoid being caught in the frame and causing misunderstandings later. 
In response to that, Gareth had no ions. 
Everything was being prepared in an orderly manner, including the setup and calibration of the equipment. 
When Elisa found some free time, she slipped out to take another look at Rachel. 
Rachel remained as before, lying on the hospital bed without any signs of anger, resembling a broken doll.
Even though Elisa knew that Rachel wouldn’t respond, she still shared a few personal thoughts, mainly about recent events. 
For a time, they shared a private moment. 
No one else was there, and Vincent was gone due to lawyer matters. 
Thus, Elisa could confidently express her own thoughts and recent confusions. 
“I’m genuinely a bit lost,” Elisa confessed with a self-deprecating laugh. “Tell me, how should I approach Gareth? Should I accept him? Or should I keep resisting? Also, I’ve organized a press conference without reporters or journalists, a format that’s rarely used before. Even though I assured everyone that everything would be fine, I am actually quite unsure. After all, this is something I’ve never done before. I can only hope that everything will proceed smoothly and without issue.” 
Elisa gazed deeply at Rachel as if she wanted to etch the latter’s appearance into her mind.
###chapter2059
Chapter 2061 Tears 
Desperately, Elisa wished that Rachel could offer her some advice, if possible. 
For the longest time, the two of them had supported each other through everything. Suddenly, Rachel was gone, and it felt strange to Elisa. 
Elisa sat alone for a long time once again. 
Only after everything in the ward was ready did Gareth come over. 
Everything was set up perfectly before the people present realized that the main character was missing. 
They searched every corner of the ward, but there was no sign of Elisa. 
Her phone was left on the bedside table, so she was unreachable by any calls. 
Just when everyone was running around in circles with anxiety, Gareth thought of a place. He was almost certain that Elisa must be there. 
Sure enough, she was where he thought she would be. 
Gareth knew that Elisa was feeling upset, so he didn’t say anything to disturb her. He just stood quietly by her side, watching. 
He also ignored all calls he was receiving on his phone. 
It wasn’t until Elisa noticed someone out of the corner of her eye that she reined in her melancholy. She forced a smile at Gareth and asked, “Are you ready? If there’s no problem, let’s go.” 
Gareth remained still. Elisa took a few steps forward and noticed that Gareth wasn’t following her. She turned around, staring at Gareth with a hint of confusion.
She asked him silently, “Why don’t you leave?” 
Gareth looked at Elisa, enunciating with utmost seriousness, “There’s no need for you to pretend in front of me. If you’re sad, then be sad. There’s no need to feign nonchalance.” 
His one sentence immediately touched the deepest part of Elisa’s heart. 
In a moment of inexplicable impulse, Elisa embraced Gareth, burying her head in his chest. Silently, she shed tears, wordlessly expressing the emotions that had been building up in her heart for a while. 
While she seemed emotionally fine and was determined to take revenge on Kaylee, she would quietly shed tears during the night. 
She would silently blame herself, wondering why the person lying motionless on the bed wasn’t her. 
If only it were me. She would think to herself. If only I had been a bit more careful. If only… but alas, there are no ifs. 
Gareth’s hand hovered in mid-air for a while before he finally, somewhat stiffly, patted Elisa’s back. “I’m here.” 
Listening to Gareth’s voice, Elisa probably cried even harder. Gareth could feel his chest. getting wet from her tears. 
Despite his mysophobia, he didn’t mind at all. On the contrary, he accepted the situation. willingly. 
He was glad she was crying because it meant she wasn’t suppressing her emotions. 
However, the fact that Elisa cried without making a sound was what broke his heart the most.
Elisa rarely cried, and she never did so due to feeling wronged. In her mind, crying wouldn’t solve any problems. 
However, she didn’t shy away from crying either. It was a form of emotional release for her. 
Her fear of the future, her guilt towards Rachel, her hatred for Kaylee, her heartache for Julia, and her uncertainty towards Gareth all came together. They all swirled together in her heart. 
She felt better after crying her heart out. 
Roughly five minutes later, Elisa regained her composure and created some distance between them. 
Compared to before, her eyes were a bit swollen, red like a little rabbit. 
It also softened the sharpness of her features, reducing the overwhelming, intimidating effect she could have on people. 
“Thank you,” Elisa said succinctly. 
Gareth didn’t want her to feel too embarrassed, so he consciously avoided bringing up matter. 
The two of them were in such harmony that it was as if nothing had happened at all.
###chapter2060
Chapter 2062 The Official Live Broadcast 
Elisa gently wiped the corner of her eyes with a tissue, as using her hand would only make things worse. 
She noticed Gareth watching her intently, not moving at all. 
As a result, her tear-streaked face transformed into a smile. “Do I look really ugly now?” 
She meant it as a joke to lighten the mood, not wanting the atmosphere between them to be so gloomy. 
Gareth stared at Elisa as if she were a precious treasure. Very seriously, he answered, “Not ugly. You’re beautiful.” 
Then, he added, “You always look good.” 
Elisa abruptly stopped wiping her tears, a flicker of panic crossing her face. 
“Let’s go. It’s time to get down to business.” Elisa almost ran away in a panic. 
Gareth gazed at her with an affectionate smile. 
Upon returning to the room, Elisa saw that everything was perfectly prepared and ready. 
She apologized to everyone and returned to her spot on the couch. 
There were over a dozen devices pointed at the couch, indicating that Elisa would be live streaming on more than a dozen platforms. 
This would ensure that the live stream would trend. 
Just as the live stream began, Gareth happened to walk in and stood with the staff.
Everyone else had already left. There was a moderator for each platform the conference was being streamed to. Each of them held a computer, sitting upright and serious. 
Afterward, Gareth stood opposite Elisa with folded arms, spreading his legs wide and assuming a stance. He began to observe. 
Elisa closed her eyes, took a deep breath, and then revealed a perfectly timed smile. 
The live stream started immediately after. 
“Greetings to everyone on TikTok, Reel…” Elisa listed a bunch of platform names, which could be considered a subtle form of advertising. 
That live broadcast was a win-win situation. 
Elisa needed the assistance of those platforms. Meanwhile, those platforms also needed. explosive news, like Elisa’s conference, to attract traffic. 
Before it all began, Elisa had already closed the gift channel. 
The reason was simple. She intended to dispel the rumors and admit her mistakes. That was all. 
She wasn’t there to seek popularity by pandering to the crowd or earn that meager amount of money. 
Everyone noticed that almost instantly, and they all began to flood the screen with messages. 
One message read: Why can’t I s? 
Another typed: Yeah! I’ve been wanting to see what it feels like to tip a wealthy person.
Someone commented: Haven’t you heard? They disabled the gift-sending feature before the live stream started. Elisa doesn’t need our small contributions. It’s like someone earning three thousand a month worrying about someone earning thirty thousand. 
Another added: Just want to mention something. A CEO of Elisa’s caliber earns way more than thirty thousand a month. 
Elisa noticed that several platforms were discussing that issue, indicating that it needed to be addressed first. 
Elisa stared directly into the camera, maintaining her composure even though it was her first time facing so many devices and people. She remained neither arrogant nor subservient and spoke calmly. 
Elisa said, “Thank you all for joining my live stream. I would like to start by stating my purpose. You must have heard about the recent issue of a subsidiary of Benett Corporation failing to pay their workers’ wages. During this period, some of the information that has been spread is true, and some is false. We are here to clarify the truth and falsehoods. At the same time, we acknowledge our mistakes. We apologize to the workers, their families, and friends, and we will compensate for the losses.” 
Elisa succinctly explained her intentions, which immediately sparked a heated discussion.
###chapter2061
Chapter 2063 Explanation 
A commenter remarked, “This is my first time seeing such a prominent figure personally apologizing. It’s quite refreshing.” 
Another typed, “I know, right? Regardless, at least her attitude is quite respectable.” 
One stated, “This has nothing to do with attitude. It’s a matter of principle.” 
Opinions varied greatly, but Elisa didn’t respond much to that. Instead, she brought up the issue of gift- giving that had been discussed earlier. 
“I’ve noticed that many viewers are asking why the gift-giving feature has been turned off,” Elisa said with a faint smile, neither too distant nor too friendly. “I’ll address everyone’s questions here. I’m not here to interact with all of you, nor am I here to seek attention. I’m here to clarify rumors and take responsibility own mistakes. Therefore, I don’t need your gifts, as they will change the nature of the live stream.” 
“More importantly,” Elisa paused and continued, “I genuinely don’t need the money.” 
Those words immediately sparked a discussion on the internet. 
The number of fans in the live stream surged. 
The count suddenly exceeded five million, and that was across all platforms! 
This implied that the total number of users on all platforms had surpassed fifty million. Such a high level of attention was unprecedented. 
Even the most famous celebrities did not possess such strength and influence. 
The moderators were all astonished.
Jacob, standing by the side, reported the situation, equally shocked by the matter. “Are we witnessing history?” 
Listening to Jacob’s report, Gareth was surprised, but not to the point of being shocked. 
From the very beginning, Gareth’s eyes were fixed on Elisa, and they never wavered. 
If someone else were in Elisa’s shoes at that moment, he might have questioned it and been surprised. 
However, when it came to Elisa, the only emotion he experienced was trust. 
Elisa meant everything to him. 
The comments in the live broadcast exploded once again. 
Someone typed, “Ugh, I can sense the disdain in her voice when she speaks. It’s as if she’s saying. Your pennies are beneath my notice. I feel discriminated against.” 
One scolded, “Does having money give you the right to be rude? Such behavior is truly undesirable!” 
A commenter defended. “Please, I seriously admire her nonchalant attitude. If I were that rich, I’d be acting high and mighty too. At least she’s honest, and she’s not wrong either. She really doesn’t need such a small amount of money” 
Someone added, “Have those who accuse Elisa of showing off ever considered that it may be their narrow- mindedness that leads them to this conclusion? In reality, all she did was state the truth. Can’t they even accept that?” 
There was a flurry of diverse opinions on the internet, but the most prevalent ones were those in support. of Elisa.
Netizens in those days were quite savvy, possessing their own independent thoughts. They wouldn’t be influenced by paid social media accounts or internet trolls. 
As for Elisa’s actions, most people were indifferent at most. However, more people thought she was fantastic. 
Of course, that was something Elisa hadn’t anticipated, 
She simply acted without thinking and spoke the truth 
“Moving on to the next question. Regarding the issue of Benett Corporation owing wages to the workers, I would like to clarify a few points. First, it was not Benet Corporation itself, but one of its subsidiaries that was responsible. The main issue was that the company’s Deputy CEO misappropriated funds, which led to a delay in wage payments. As soon as this incident came to light, the deputy CEO was taken away by the police for investigation,” Elisa finished saying a lot in one breath.
###chapter2062
Chapter 2064 Gaining Fans 
These were all rough outlines she had premeditated in her mind. She didn’t jot them down. Fortunately, her memory was sufficient to articulate them completely and smoothly without any interruptions. 
Although there were occasions when she couldn’t recall what she wanted to say, such instances were infrequent. 
Furthermore, Elisa had a wealth of stage experience. 
In other words, she could adeptly choose the right words or employ appropriately light-hearted jokes to ease the atmosphere and alleviate the pressure. 
In short, the conference proceeded in a calm and composed manner, making the live stream very enjoyable to watch. 
Simultaneously, many people finally learned the truth. 
The incident only involved a subsidiary of the company, not the Benett Corporation itself. 
A company was akin to the trunk of a tree, and its subsidiaries were the branches. 
Some of the numerous branches might grow in the wrong places, but one couldn’t blame the trunk for that. 
Similarly, numerous subsidiaries had undertaken various actions under the banner of the headquarters. However, ultimately, there was absolutely nothing wrong with Benett Corporation itself. 
At most, it was merely a case of lax supervision. 
That was a far cry from directly withholding wages from workers. It was worlds apart.
Elisa paused for a moment, then continued, “Regarding this incident, I sincerely apologize for consuming too many public resources. Indeed, this matter has affected the normal lives of our employees and their families, so I have no choice but to come forward and clarify. Furthermore, we have already compensated. those workers and have received forgiveness from the majority of them. For the remaining issues, our company will actively communicate and resolve them. Please rest assured, and we also welcome. everyone’s supervision.” 
At that point, Elisa stood up and deeply bowed to everyone present. 
However, as she rose, for some unknown reason, perhaps due to low blood sugar or something else, she stumbled slightly. 
At the last second, someone supported her slender waist, narrowly preventing her from having a close encounter with the ground. 
Consequently, that someone accidentally revealed half of his body and face. 
“Are you okay?” Gareth asked with a hint of nervousness. 
Elisa shook her head, her face pale, but she still explained, “It’s probably because the underfloor heating is too stuffy. Opening a window to let in some fresh air should help.” 
Skeptically, Gareth released her and turned to open the window. 
It was at that moment; the comments exploded. 
One typed: Who was that just now? He’s so handsome! I want him to be my husband! 
Another responded: Hey, could you please stop swooning? It’s obvious that he has close ties to Elisa. He may even be her husband, you know?
One commented: So this is what her husband should look like. They do make a good pair, but I wonder how old he is and what he does for a living. If he’s not up to par, he won’t be worthy of Elisa. 
In just half an hour, Elisa gained countless fans, 
Initially, everyone’s attitude shifted from disgust and a desire to uphold justice to indifference, and finally to fondness. 
On Twitter, Elisa’s personal social media account was discovered, and her followers increased by millions. in an instant. 
The keyword “man appearing in Elisa’s live stream” suddenly received millions of clicks. Clearly, everyone was very curious about that matter. 
Elisa promptly ended the live stream, preventing the situation from escalating further. “Thank you all for your support. I hope that my words today can clarify some of your doubts and lessen any hostility toward us. I stand by every word I’ve said today. That’s all I have to say for now. Thank you again for your support.”
###chapter2063
Chapter 2065 Out Of Control 
Caught off guard, Elisa ended the broadcast. 
Netizens unanimously expressed their desire for more. Essentially, they felt as if they had just caught a glimpse of what was to come, only for Elisa to abruptly end the broadcast. 
They ended up not seeing anything at all. 
Cutting off the live stream, Elisa let out a sigh of relief. 
Gareth stared at the comments from those perceptive netizens on the platform, his eyes gradually darkening. 
One read: So, who was that in the stream just now? Even though he only showed half his face, I already find him attractive! 
Another commented: Even though I’m not sure who he is, he’s definitely with Elisa. Haven’t you seen how close they are? They make quite a good couple…. 
Someone typed: I just asked the CEO about the screenshot earlier, and he said the person involved is quite influential. However, it’s not very convenient for him to disclose more at this moment. Let’s all just wait for now. 
A hint of amusement lingered in Gareth’s eyes. Is this what they mean by “an unintentional action turns into a blessing”? 
In truth, he never intended to seize that opportunity to stand by Elisa’s side. It just happened by chance. 
Perhaps that was for the best. It was not necessarily a negative thing.
At the very least, it could sideline people like Harry. 
Elisa appeared rather distressed, cle 
not wanting the situation to escalate. 
Thus, public relations were arranged immediately. 
However, her order was stopped by Gareth. 
Gareth cleared his throat, his face full of righteousness. “In my opinion, this is nothing more than netizens blowing things out of proportion. Also, the more we try to conceal this hastily, the more noticeable it becomes. What do you think?” 
Elisa stared at Gareth for quite a while as if she was trying to see through his thoughts. 
However, Gareth’s expression remained composed, without the slightest hint of change. 
After a moment of contemplation, Elisa also felt that there was some truth in what Gareth said. 
After all, netizens’ attention span was short-lived. 
If she left that matter alone, it might just blow over in a couple of days. 
She just didn’t expect the online discourse to become increasingly intense. Many people were shipping her and Gareth. 
Elisa probably never expected that the press conference she held to clarify things would end up attracting tens of millions of fans for herself. 
At that moment, she was on par with A-list actors. In response, she didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.
Even her private social media account was exposed, and everyone on the platform was asking her for photos. 
It was because, after the last livestream, netizens discovered that the CEO of Benett Corporation was just as attractive as A-list actresses. 
Thus, all the comments were similar to the following ones. 
One comment read: May I ask when can we expect to see some photos? 
Another typed: Right now, I’m surviving solely on Elisa’s photos. 
Someone informed: Who can argue with that? I’m totally infatuated with Elisa. I ship the two of them so hard, but I have no idea who the guy is. He seems like he may be some big shot, otherwise, his identity would have been revealed by now! 
Another replied to the previous comment: You may be right. 
Elisa couldn’t help but smile wryly as she watched all that unfold. By the time she discovered what was happening, public opinion had already started ro spiral out of control. 
To clarify further at that point would seem useless, 
Hence, Elisa chose to remain silent. 
Gareth was indeed pleased. 
Frankly, he was pleased with it every day, as if Elisa had given him a title. He wished he could flaunt it around town for the whole world to know. 
That was what he thought.
Three days later, Elisa was discharged from the hospital, Before she left, she paid Rachel another visit. 
Just like before, Rachel was lying quietly on the hospital bed.
###chapter2064
Chapter 2066 Discharged From The Hospital 
The lack of vitality in his demeanor made Elisa feel like she was a stranger. It has been quite some time, yet there is no sign of improvement in Rachel’s condition. Even when I asked the attending physician, the answers received were quite vague. 
“We cannot be certain about when exactly she will wake up. I cannot provide you conclusion. All I can say is, let’s leave it to fate. She might wake up tomorrow, or she might never wake up with a precise in this lifetime… Having family members by her side, talking to her, can to some extent stimulate her will to live,” the attending physician said. 
In Elisa’s view, those words would be better left unsaid. Does this mean that he cannot do anything and can only leave it to fate? But I am an atheist who does not believe in heaven or fate. Now, it seems like I cannot even trust conventional medicine. In truth, I never really trusted conventional medicine. The prescribed conventional medicine, for the most part, is not meant to cure but rather to assist in treatment. This is because if diseases were completely cured, there would not be as many people continually buying medicine. 
Elisa had always found conventional medicine unreliable. 
Usually, she could turn a blind eye, but when it came to Rachel, she absolutely could not. 
Hence, Elisa made a shocking decision there and then. 
She wanted to take Rachel back and create a sterile environment at home to maintain Rachel’s vital signs. However, she wanted to switch all of Rachel’s medications to alternative medicine. 
For Elisa, creating a sterile environment at home was not a difficult task. 
Yet, the challenge lay in the prejudices of those around her. 
This prejudice was not against Elisa, but against alternative medicine.
For instance, when the attending physician heard Elisa’s decision, he stared with disapproval written all over his face. However, he managed to maintain a polite tone when he urged. “I would advise Ms. Benett against doing this. After all, reality and ideas are often at odds.” 
They probably thought that Elisa had completely lost her mind. 
However, Elisa stood firm on her decision. She had faith in herself, and she also had faith in Rachel. 
Helplessly, the attending physician could only continuously call Rachel’s family, as well as Vincent, who had been by her side all this time. 
The attending physician probably wanted them to persuade Elisa not to treat the patient’s life as a child’s play. 
However, after hearing the ins and outs of the situation, Rachel’s family and Vincent unanimously chose to trust Elisa. 
That was especially the case for Rachel’s mother. Ever since she learned of this terrible news, she had not had a good night’s sleep for a long time. Dark circles hung under her eyes, almost larger than her eyes themselves. 
In fact, her complexion was terrible due to the sleepless nights. 
Red, swollen eyes, telling tales of the tears that had been shed. 
Elisa vaguely remembered that Rachel’s mother, Catherine Stevenson, was a beautiful woman who could sing opera. 
Right then, Catherine held Elisa’s hand firmly and said, “Liz, I know that Rachel has always trusted you. I trust Rach, so I also trust you. Whatever you are thinking, as long as it is for Rach’s good, feel free to
do it. Even if the outcome is not as expected, I will not blame you, after all…” Her gaze fell on Rachel, her voice tinged with sadness. “After all, the worst outcome is her lying here motionless, isn’t it? There can’t be anything worse. So, dear child, go ahead without worry. We will sign this document.” 
Elisa gripped Catherine’s hand in return, feeling a silent surge of strength passing between them. 
“If anyone can save Rachel, I believe it has to be you.” Vincent also stood up to express his own stance.
###chapter2065
Chapter 2067 Trust 
Vincent’s ability to utter those words stemmed not only from his belief in Elisa’s medical skills but also from his faith in Rachel. 
Despite being in a vegetative state, Rachel could still perceive the sounds of the outside world. 
Vincent firmly believed that Rachel could hear Elisa’s call, and this belief was crucial in awakening her. Elisa felt deeply grateful for the trust placed in her and silently vowed not to betray it. 
Since the family members had unanimously agreed, there was no reason for the doctor to . 
Helplessly, the doctor watched as Rachel was loaded into the ambulance bound for Elisa’s house, shaking his head and sighing. 
He believed that Rachel’s family’s blind obedience and ignorance might lead to her demise, but he had no control over the situation. 
At that moment, all he could do was wish them the best of luck. 
Elisa was unaware of the doctor’s thoughts, nor did she care about them. 
She first spent some time conversing with Rachel’s mother, sharing heartfelt thoughts. 
Immediately afterward, she arranged for Rachel’s parents to be sent back. 
As the elderly couple passed by Rachel, they paused, their eyes filled with deep affection. 
Elisa understood the couple’s longing for their daughter, so she reassured them, “Mr. and Mrs. Markee, don’t worry. Once Rachel returns to my home and everything is settled, I will come to pick you up. You can visit Rachel frequently and have conversations with her. This will also aid in Rachel’s recovery.” 
Catherine tearfully agreed to this arrangement.
Reluctantly, the elderly couple left.. 
Only Elisa and Vincent remained in the ambulance, returning together to Elisa’s home. 
Throughout the journey, the two of them exchanged silent glances. 
Vincent’s gaze never wavered from Rachel, perhaps because he couldn’t bear to look away. 
While he could stay in the hospital and provide daily care and companionship, he no longer had a reason to do so in Elisa’s house.. 
The car smoothly pulled up to the entrance. As it came to a stop, Elisa looked at Vincent and said, “You’re welcome to visit her anytime you want. Would you like to come in and sit for a while?” 
Snapping back to reality, Vincent shook his head with a bitter smile. “It’s all right. She might not even want me around. Besides, with you there, what do I have to worry about? You go ahead with your work, I won’t go in… See you another day.” 
Upon hearing this, Elisa didn’t insist any further. After bidding farewell to Vincent, she allowed Gareth’s men to carry Rachel inside. 
Throughout the journey, Elisa felt somewhat anxious, constantly whispering on the side, “Slow down. Slow down a bit more. There’s no rush.” 
Her main concern was not to disturb Rachel. 
A guest room at home had been prepared and was ready for Rachel’s occupancy. 
The environment there was completely sterile, equipped with oxygen machines and electrocardiograms. It resembled a hospital setting.
Since these were the latest and highest standard equipment, they were actually more precise than anything found in the hospital. 
The men were instructed to lay Rachel on the bed. After expressing her gratitude, Elisa saw them out. 
Elisa then went back to fetch water to clean Rachel’s body and perform other procedures, such as attaching the electrocardiogram. 
Finally, the sterile chamber was opened. 
Upon opening the sterile chamber, the atmosphere inside felt different. 
Suddenly, it felt as if she was transported back to that cold, sterile hospital. 
Elisa spent some time conversing with Rachel, sharing recent events, all in an effort to alleviate her loneliness. 
After a lengthy conversation, the sky was almost dark when Elisa reluctantly emerged from the room.
###chapter2066
Chapter 2068 The Mysterious Person 
As soon as she left the room, Bella called. 
Bella called with good news. 
Since the press conference, the company’s situation had clearly started to improve. 
Even when stocks were on the verge of plummeting, they managed to recover, which was undoubtedly a positive sign. 
Bella was enthusiastically discussing these matters, leaving Elisa feeling somewhat dazed. 
“The company is back on track now, all thanks to your brilliant maneuver. I can’t even begin to count how many companies are regretting their decisions. In short, Liz, you’re amazing,” Bella said. 
Elisa chuckled. “As long as the company is running smoothly, I’m happy. I just hope there won’t be more chaos. It’s just that things seem to have been resolved a bit too easily. It feels odd.” 
Bella didn’t quite agree, feeling that Elisa was probably just being overly cautious. The most crucial corporate image has now been restored. Beyond that, I can’t think of any other issues. 
Elisa opened her mouth, but no sound came out. 
She couldn’t pinpoint exactly what was wrong, but her keen intuition told her that things weren’t that simple. 
To give a simple example, that group of journalists did not show up by chance or because they caught wind of something. 
If that was the case, someone must be pulling the strings.
Considering it from another perspective, if Elisa herself wanted to use this incident for publicity to ruin a company, it certainly wouldn’t stop here. Will their scheming end here? There are clearly many more sophisticated strategies to employ… 
Meanwhile, a mysterious figure stood atop the Benett Corporation’s building, gazing down at the bustling activity below. 
The person was holding a phone, seemingly in the midst of an argument. 
The person on the other end of the phone was somewhat agitated. “You’re nothing but an ingrate! Don’t- forget why you were sent to Benett Corporation in the first place. It was for you to lie low and seek revenge! And didn’t you promise to do just that? What now? Are you going back on your word? How much has that despicable Elisa offered you to make you so indecisive? To make you disregard your own family?” 
The man appeared somewhat helpless. He sighed, his face showing a struggle. “No, that’s not it. I just feel that, since it’s all in the past, there’s no need to be so cruel. Besides, if we really do this, wouldn’t it leave Benet Corporation with no chance to turn things around? Do we really need to go this far?” 
There was silence on the other end of the phone, and then the man continued, “Perhaps we should just reconcile. After all, it wasn’t Ms. Benett’s fault! It’s what we deserved.” 
The phone was silent for a long while, leaving the man feeling deeply unsettled. 
Clearly, he didn’t believe he could persuade the person on the other end of the phone because that person had always been very stubborn. Things have always been the same, and everything will remain.
Sure enough, after a brief silence, the person on the other end of the call snorted coldly and said mockingly. “It seems like you’ve been in the company for a while and have forgotten who you are, haven’t you? Fine. If you won’t do it, someone else will. However, I’ll reveal your identity to Elisa. Guess what? Do you think she will still trust you after this?” 
The man clearly wanted to say something more, but the call was abruptly ended. 
All he got in response was a series of busy tones. 
The man leaned against the railing of the rooftop, kicking it a few times as if to vent his frustration. Then, resting his weight on the railing, he looked down, his face filled with defeat. If it weren’t for the reluctance to let go, I would truly wish to leap and dispel a thousand sorrows. It’s a pity I can’t. I still have a lot of things to do.
###chapter2067
Chapter 2069 Fulfilled 
Ever since she hung up the phone with Bella, Elisa had been feeling burdened by worries, always sensing that something was about to happen. 
Especially in the last two days, that premonition had been growing stronger and stronger. 
Elisa only shared her concerns with Gareth. 
After listening, Gareth expressed that he shared the same thoughts and intuition as Elisa. One thing that’s certain is that the large group of journalists showing up at the company’s doorstep was clearly a coordinated and premeditated act. So, this definitely wasn’t an accident. Clearly, that person has some influence, being able to mobilize so many media outlets. They must also have some financial strength. 
What was more intriguing was that neither Elisa nor Gareth could figure out who that person really was, regardless of the connections they explored. 
There was not even the slightest hint or trace. 
Gareth looked at Elisa, who seemed a bit preoccupied, and comforted her, “No matter what, at least nothing has happened yet, so there’s no need to worry too much. Just let things take their course. After all, the enemy lurks in the shadows while we remain in the light. It’s really hard to guard against the enemy. All you need to do is take care of what you should do and think on your feet.” 
Elisa nodded. It seems that’s the only way forward now. 
For several consecutive days, everything was peaceful and uneventful. 
But far from feeling relaxed, Elisa felt that it was the calm before the storm. 
One day in the second week, while she was still at home taking care of Kaylee, a call came from Bella. She sounded extremely anxious, delivering news that struck her like a bolt from the blue.
“A couple of the previous construction workers mentioned they still haven’t received their overdue wages. They’re now on the rooftop of the company building, holding a banner and threatening to jump,” Bella reported. 
Elisa only felt darkness before her eyes, nearly causing her to fall. This matter is not to be taken lightly. It has a significant impact and is indeed very detrimental. Its severity is a hundred times worse than the previous issue of withholding wages from workers. What kind of oppression could be so severe that it drives the laborers to the brink of death? People must think Benett Corporation is being untrustworthy. The company is going back on its word! The better the image I had established before, the more terrifying people now find me. They must think I’m being two-faced, which is genuinely terrifying. 
Elisa was pushing herself to the limit, allowing Bella to hold down the fort while she immediately drove to the company. 
On the road, Gareth’s call came through, clearly having caught wind of something. 
Elisa was not surprised. If he knows nothing at all, that’s what’s truly abnormal. 
Elisa put on her Bluetooth headset and answered the call. 
“It has come to pass. I reckon this game of chess has been going on for quite some time. Now it’s coming on strong. I’m afraid you might not be able to handle it, Gareth said. 
With a wry smile, Elisa replied, “Even if I can’t handle it, don’t I still have to? Don’t worry about me. I can do it.” 
Gareth paused momentarily before asking, “Do we need to send the police to the scene right now?” 
Elisa nodded. “I’ve already contacted the police. They need to be present in such situations. But I can’t shake the feeling that something bad is going to happen. I hope this time there won’t be any
bloodshed. I faint at the sight of blood.” 
Elisa still had the mood to joke around, so Gareth wasn’t too worried about her emotional state. 
He was just worried that once she got to the scene, things might get out of control and become a bit. chaotic. 
“I’m currently on a business trip and can’t make it there. Let’s keep our Bluetooth connection open at all times. Don’t hang up on me. Keep me updated on what you’re doing, okay?” he asked.
###chapter2068
Chapter 2070 Stay Calm 
Elísa nodded in agreement, her voice deep and solemn. Unconsciously, she pressed down on the accelerator. 
Upon arriving at the company building by car, a large crowd had already gathered. 
There were spectators watching the unfolding drama, media personnel, firefighters, and newly arrived police officers. 
Most importantly, there was a group of migrant workers, all dressed in blue overalls and yellow hats. 
Regardless of their status, everyone had their eyes fixed on the top of the building. 
Elisa stepped out of the car and, with the protection of the security guards, she had to make her way through the crowd. 
During this time, it was unclear whether someone intentionally stirred up everyone’s emotions or if it was just an inadvertent shout. 
In short, someone called out Elisa’s name. 
“Isn’t that Elisa, the Chairman of Benett Corporation?” 
Suddenly, everyone started moving towards her. 
Some media outlets wanted to understand the situation. After the incident where Elisa clarified things during a live online broadcast, she had thoroughly offended the media. Therefore, most of the medial approached with a schadenfreude attitude. 
Others were simply curious onlookers. 
Another group consisted of migrant workers.
Elisa didn’t have a problem with those two groups of people. However, she was worried about the presence of those who were there to worsen the situation. 
Behind her, a group of about a dozen people, most of them wearing fierce expressions, seemed eager to tear Elisa apart and feast on her flesh and blood. 
They bared their teeth and claws, shouting at Elisa to pay back the money. Some people said, “You’re just putting on an act. You said the unpaid wages had nothing to do with you. What about the reality? You speak nicely online, but where’s the compensation? What about the negotiation process, the wages, and the understanding of the situation?” 
“Indeed, my fellow journalists, you must expose the true nature of this woman.” 
“She should be arrested!” 
Each of them had a menacing look on their face. If it weren’t for the security guards surrounding and protecting Elisa so well, things could have turned out differently. In fact, Elisa could have been ambushed right then and there. 
Regardless of how those people treated her, Elisa remained composed and indifferent, as if all of this had nothing to do with her. 
Yet, a surge of anger still inevitably welled up in her heart. 
Her anger reached its peak when someone threw a shoe at her. 
If she hadn’t reacted quickly, she could have been hit by the shoe. 
That was a great humiliation. Elisa stopped in her tracks, her dark eyes fixed intently on the person who had thrown the shoe.
That person was a laborer, likely arranged by someone behind the scenes to act that way. 
Perhaps it was unexpected that Elisa would immediately focus on him amidst the chaotic scene, let alone that she would stare at him so intently without missing a beat. It was somewhat unsettling for the laborer. 
His gaze continued to shift restlessly, no longer meeting Elisa’s. Yet, he could still sense Elisa’s eyes on him. Elisa’s hand gradually clenched into a fist, tightening. 
Through his earphones, Gareth listened to the cacophony coming from the other end of the phone, faintly discerning the sound of insults. His eyebrows furrowed deeply. 
Then, Elisa heard Gareth’s familiar voice ringing in her cars. 
“Don’t listen to them or believe them. There’s a high chance these people are deliberately trying to provoke you. If they manage to cause even the slightest ripple in your emotions, they’ve achieved their goal,” he advised. 
The fist that Elisa had been tightly clenching suddenly relaxed. 
She had just arrived and was still clueless about the situation. Yet, all of a sudden, she found herself surrounded by a crowd eager to watch the drama unfold. She was even showered with a torrent of insults. 
Anyone would find such treatment hard to bear.
###chapter2069
Chapter 2071 The Inside Job 
In that moment, Gareth’s words brought Elisa back from her anger. Yes. I can’t give in to the schemer’s intentions. Otherwise, I would just be playing into his hands. 
With a hoarse voice, Elisa replied, “Okay.” This reassured Gareth. 
After surviving that ordeal, Elisa arrived outside the entrance of the building. 
Looking up, she saw a construction worker standing on the roof, with more than half of his body leaning. over the railing. 
He held a long banner in his hand that read: Unpaid debts are killing the workers! 
In his other hand, he held a megaphone and shouted, “Enough with your pretense, Elisa. No matter how noble you sound on TV, it can’t change your malicious nature. I just want to ask, netizens, how could you trust such an evil woman? Isn’t it said that the public’s eyes are sharp? Now everyone has been deceived by your facade, and I am here to expose your true colors to everyone!” 
Instead of getting angry, Elisa laughed. She had heard over the phone before she arrived how he had been complaining about the company’s heartlessness and his own tragic circumstances. As soon as I arrived, he started shouting my name. This was clearly planned in advance. If I were to guess, there are probably quite a few people below who are working with the man upstairs. 
Seeing Elisa arrive, Bella hurried over with a worried expression. “A-Are you feeling better now? I didn’t want to rush you over like this.” Bella glanced at the person upstairs and said helplessly, “I just couldn’t handle the situation anymore.” 
Elisa patted Bella’s shoulder. “You’ve done well. Leave the rest to me.” 
Bella nodded, her face still filled with worry, feeling a deep sense of guilt in her heart. Why am I so useless? Even when I’m trying my hardest to do something, there are still times when I face unsolvable
problems! 
Elisa sensed Bella’s melancholy and comforted her. “Don’t worry. I’ll handle it. You’ve already done very well. If you were perfect at everything, then I would be the one who should be scared.” 
With a joking tone, Elisa spoke, trying to lighten the mood. 
But other than that, she simply didn’t have tinie to think further. The most important thing at that moment was to resolve the predicament at hand. 
After comforting Bella for a while, Elisa immediately went upstairs. 
With a sorrowful gaze, Bella kept her eyes on Elisa until she disappeared from sight 
In that moment, Bella fell into despair. 
“Don’t be upset. This isn’t something you can control, nor is it what you wanted. It’s all the machinations of those with hidden motives, unavoidable as it is.” Mike appeared behind Bella without warning, giving her quite a scare. 
Bella snapped out of it, looked at him, and let out a sigh of relief. When did I start feeling this way? Mike gives me a sense of security. It all started with Elisa. Somehow, whenever I see Mike now, I feel at peace. 
Bella shook her head, her eyes filled with a melancholic emotion. 
“No. It’s not like that. The fact that these workers could reach the top floor without any hindrance indicates there’s a mole in the company, likely in a high position… It’s my fault. If I had discovered this earlier, none of this would have happened,” she explained.
###chapter2070
Chapter 2072 The Situation 
Mike appeared to have suddenly remembered something and remained silent for a prolonged period. 
An eerie calm settled between them. 
Seeing that Mike did not respond, Bella assumed he had accepted the situation by default. Therefore, she did not continue the conversation, nor was she able to. 
On the other hand, Mike seemed to be burdened with a heavy heart. 
In the past, if persuasion proved ineffective, he would likely take action to alleviate Bella’s despondency. 
However, at that moment, he felt that doing nothing might be the best course of action. 
Meanwhile, Elisa entered the elevator, watching as the floor numbers slowly ascended, feeling somewhat disoriented. 
Inside the elevator, she and Gareth also contemplated the issue of an inside job. 
Normally, even if Gareth himself were to visit Benett Corporation, he would be asked if he had an appointment, let alone a stranger. 
Under such circumstances, it was difficult to believe that no one within Benett Corporation was assisting the migrant workers in reaching the top floor. 
Of course, that was not the most pressing matter they had to consider at that moment. 
The most important thing was to handle the current mess and then provide an explanation to society. 
As for those insiders, they could deal with them later.
Inside the elevator, Elisa also confirmed that all the previous compensation payments had been received. 
Therefore, it was likely that the worker on the upper floor had been bribed to say the things he said. 
Even the group downstairs had probably been bribed. 
After sorting out all the details, Gareth said, “I’m just concerned that person has malicious intentions.” 
Elisa’s eyes also reflected a serious expression.. 
In fact, she had anticipated this situation before she arrived. 
After all, Elisa personally oversaw the project funds, which were of utmost importance, so there was no way such an issue could arise. Initially, the issue only lies with these so-called laborers who claim they haven’t received their wages. The situation should be resolved because I’ve already paid the money. So, what is their purpose in causing more trouble? No matter how intense the dispute becomes, everything will be resolved as soon as I show the transfer records. Based on the other party’s actions, they are determined to put me in a dangerous situation. I’m afraid I will be in danger today. 
Between Gareth and Elisa, words were unnecessary to understand the reasons behind their actions. 
All that could be heard was a chime, and she had arrived at the top floor. 
Elisa took a deep breath and stepped forward, walking out. 
At that moment, Gareth’s voice came through. “You must be cautious. Promise me you won’t take risks. Even if something unexpected happens, we have other ways to resolve it. Don’t take risks, okay?” Gareth’s tone was almost pleading. 
The response to him was a flurry of footsteps.
As she approached the rooftop, Elisa’s steps faltered for a moment. 
She said, “I will assess the situation and act accordingly. 
In other words, she would still take risks if she deemed them necessary. 
Gareth truly wanted to stop her, but it was already too late. 
As soon as Elisa reached the rooftop, the construction worker, with half of his body hanging over the railing, began to shout and scream. 
“You! Stop moving! Just stand there! Or I’ll jump from here right now!” the worker warned. 
Elisa’s footsteps halted, her face devoid of any expression. Silently, she surveyed her surroundings. 
The laborer was perched on the railing, half of his body hanging outside, teetering on the edge. 
It was a hundred-meter drop. Even though an air cushion had been laid out, jumping down still carried the risk of death. At most, it ensured the fall wouldn’t be too gruesome.
###chapter2071
Chapter 2073 Confrontation 
The nearest police officer was approximately ten meters away from the worker. Upon hearing those words, the police officer hesitated to approach any closer. 
The police understood that the worker was likely afraid of dying, which explained why he was straddling the railing. 
As long as the worker didn’t let go, he wouldn’t lose his life. 
Therefore, the police also utilized the worker’s blind spots to gradually move closer. 
Before Elisa arrived, the police had informed her that her main ive was to capture the worker’s attention. However, she had to ensure that he didn’t become overly emotional, as it could result in him. accidentally falling off the building or committing suicide due to anxiety. 
Initially, the person intending to jump off the building remained quite calm. 
However, upon seeing Elisa, he became agitated. “Don’t you dare move! This is all because of you! My entire family can’t receive any money, and my wife is even deceased. You speak so righteously on TV, but what’s the reality? You’re just putting on a show! You’ve gained a good reputation, but what about us? Aren’t we human too? Don’t our lives matter?” 
The jumper began to angrily strike the railing, clearly becoming highly agitated. 
Over at Gareth’s location, simply listening was enough to accelerate his heartbeat. 
Elisa frowned, and a nearby police officer gave her a look, signaling her to calm the person’s emotions. 
Elisa nodded slightly, indicating that she understood.
Elisa directed her gaze towards the person about to jump off the building, attempting to make her voice. sound as composed as possible. 
“All of my money has been sent out. I witnessed the transfer and confirmed that it reached the account, so there can’t be any mistake. If you haven’t received the money, either you shouldn’t have received it, or you’re attempting to deceive me. So, if you want to cause a scene, go ahead. It has nothing to do with me. I can easily provide the transfer records,” she said. 
Perhaps that person didn’t anticipate Elisa having such an attitude. He was taken aback, his eyes widening. struggling to articulate anything. Why is this different from the script? Shouldn’t Elisa be humbly begging me at this moment? 
Observing his stunned reaction, Elisa realized that this was the turning point of the situation. If Gareth and I are correct, then this laborer has made up his mind to jump. He didn’t plan on returning unharmed this time. His death would cause chaos. When the time comes, as long as it’s propagated that Benett Corporation is involved in a scandal, the truth of the matter won’t truly matter to anyone. His death might even earn his family a substantial sum of money. However, he can’t die just yet. At the very least, he needs to confront me before his demise. He needs to create an illusion of communication breakdown so that people won’t find his death too suspicious. 
Elisa’s assertive approach from the beginning left the other party completely bewildered. 
Elisa seized the opportunity. “If you genuinely want to have a proper conversation with me, then allow me to come a bit closer. The wind here is too strong, and I can’t clearly hear what you’re saying” 
The person hesitated, a conflicted expression crossing his face. 
On the phone, Gareth likely understood what Elisa intended to do, feeling both anxious and helpless. 
He couldn’t help but wish he were there in person.
If he were present, he could at least handle dangerous situations on her behalf. 
He could also prevent Elisa from taking such a risky action. 
However, there was no point in entertaining such thoughts. 
He clenched his teeth, managing to suppress his ions. 
During moments like these, he couldn’t disturb Elisa, nor could he distract her. 
Elisa stood motionless, her gaze fixed on the jumper, engaged in a standoff with him. 
It was a psychological battle. She was also taking a gamble. I hope I don’t lose. 
After a while, the person said, “Alright. You can come over, but you can’t get too close. Also, you need to remove your earpiece.”
###chapter2072
Chapter 2074 Struggle 
“No!” Gareth exclaimed immediately. 
Elisa frowned. It was evident that the other person had misunderstood, assuming that she was speaking to the police on the phone. 
She couldn’t help but clarify, “Don’t worry. It’s just a call from a friend, not the police.” 
It was unclear if the mention of the police had triggered him, but the previously calm jumper suddenly began pounding his chest and stomping his feet, his eyes burning with rage. 
“I don’t care about any of that! All I know is, if you want to come over, get rid of your earpiece. Otherwise, I’m going to jump!” he shouted. 
Elisa noticed that the person appeared to be wearing a wireless earpiece. It’s possible that someone on the other end of the phone is guiding him. 
The person spoke, then stood up, looking as if a gust of wind could knock him over. 
The crowd below erupted once again. 
“What’s happening? Did the negotiation fall apart?” 
“Oh my! I can’t handle this anymore. I can’t bear to see blood. I better leave now…” 
“Is Elisa really capable of handling this? Even now, she still refuses to pay? Isn’t this whole mess her fault in the first place? Wouldn’t it all be resolved if she just paid up? These capitalists, I swear… I can’t even find the words to describe them anymore. The wealthier they become, the stingier they get.” 
“If she doesn’t pay now and someone ends up dying here later, the company will have to shut down for good! She’s a fool!”
Listening to the crowd’s insults towards Elisa, a woman in the crowd smiled. Excellent. This is exactly the effect I wanted. 
Her gaze slowly lifted, fixated on the figure of the person about to jump from the building above. She then murmured, “Jump! Jump! After you’re gone, I want to see how Elisa is going to resolve this situation. You must pay the price.” 
Elisa was unaware of this. She simply followed the police’s instructions to do her best to calm the other person’s emotions. 
She lowered her voice and said, “I apologize.” 
Before Gareth could say anything, Elisa removed her Bluetooth headset, gesturing to the other person. and placed it on the ground. 
“Elisa? Elisa! Answer me!” No matter how much Gareth called out, he heard no response from Elisa. 
“Kick it further!” 
The voice of the jumper came through the phone, followed by a rolling sound. Gareth knew clearly in hist heart that Elisa had thrown the earpiece far away. 
His brows furrowed in worry, his heart racing. 
Elisa then said. “I’ve done as you asked and discarded the carpiece. Now, can we have a proper conversation?” 
Before the jumper could speak, a light rain suddenly began to fall from the sky. 
This indicated that the rooftop would become more slippery, and everything was heading towards a less favorable situation.
Elisa stared at him intently and said, “Listen to me. You have a family, and you have friends, right? Have you ever considered what they would do if you were to die like this? I’ve informed you that I’ve already sent the money. If you haven’t received it, there might be an issue with the bank. It’s not your fault, nor is it mine, so why should you pay with your life for this?” 
As Elisa spoke, she moved closer, her tone tinged with a hint of allure. 
Els clearly saw a flicker of conflict in the eyes of the person about to jump off the building. No matter what, living is preferable to dying. Even the bravest individuals hesitate when faced with death. 
Elisa seized the opportunity presented by his struggle and hesitation. 
Elisa then said, “I’ve done as you asked and discarded the earpiece. Now, can we have a proper conversation?” 
Before the jumper could speak, a light rain suddenly began to fall from the sky. 
This indicated that the rooftop would become more slippery, and everything was heading towards a less favorable situation. 
Elisa stared at him intently and said, “Listen to me. You have a family, and you have friends, right? Have you ever considered what they would do if you were to die like this? I’ve informed you that I’ve already sent the money. If you haven’t received it, there might be an issue with the bank. It’s not your fault, nor is it mine, so why should you pay with your life for this?” 
As Elisa spoke, she moved closer, her tone tinged with a hint of allure. 
Elisa clearly saw a flicker of conflict in the eyes of the person about to jump off the building. No matter what, living is preferable to dying. Even the bravest individuals hesitate when faced with death. 
Elisa seized the opportunity presented by his struggle and hesitation.
###chapter2073
Chapter 2075 Ernest Cordova 
Elisa observed the struggle in the man’s eyes, confirming his desire to live. 
She suggested, “We’re alone here. You can tell me whatever you want. I’ll ask the police to leave so we can both relax a bit, alright?” 
The man remained silent, likely waiting for instructions over the phone. 
Downstairs, the woman holding the umbrella glanced up, a slight smirk playing at the corners of her mouth. 
Her thin lips parted slightly as she instructed, “Agree to her request,” 
And so, the jumper stared at Elisa with apprehension, then nodded in agreement. 
On the phone, Gareth heard Elisa’s decision and shouted emotionally, “Don’t do it!” 
He anticipated Elisa’s plan. She would use this opportunity to get closer to the man under the guise of making conversation easier. 
However, that wasn’t her true intention. 
In reality, she intended to find an opportunity to pull the man to safety. It was a highly dangerous move. 
If not executed properly, there was a high chance that Elisa herself could be pulled down instead. 
Gareth couldn’t take that risk, nor could he afford to. 
At that point, Elisa couldn’t hear his voice anymore, and even if she could, she probably wouldn’t follow his advice.
She was always full of ideas, and once she set her mind on something, no one could convince her otherwise. 
Gareth, somewhat agitated, cradled his head in his hands, straining to listen more carefully to the situation unfolding on the other side. 
The police likely considered the safety of Elisa and the person attempting suicide, intending to intervene verbally. 
At that moment, the person contemplating suicide ordered, pointing at the surrounding police officers, “All of you, leave! I only want her to stay here.” He pointed at Elisa, his hand trembling. 
The temperature was low. 
Not only was it raining, but the wind was also howling on the rooftop. 
Obviously, the trembling could also be due to fear.. 
After all, looking down from a hundred meters high, even those who weren’t afraid of heights couldn’t help but feel their hearts race. 
There was no choice. It was the demand of the person threatening to commit suicide. All the police. officers, including those preparing to sneak up from behind, had to withdraw. 
Only Elisa remained. 
The rest of the police could only retreat to the back of the rooftop door. 
As an old policeman was about to leave, he patted Elisa’s shoulder. There were many unspoken words. hidden in this gesture.
The policeman was Ernest Cordova, who was in charge of security in that area. The two often met in public places and in serious settings like this. 
When she went missing before, Ernest had used his connections to search for her. They had a very good relationship. 
That was why Ernest patted Elisa on the shoulder. 
Elisa made a proposal. Ernest knew that if anything unexpected were to happen, the consequences would be unimaginable. 
Ernest greatly admired her calmness in the face of danger. 
However, he also didn’t appreciate her taking matters into her own hands. Clearly, he was worried about her. 
But there was nothing he could do at that point.. 
In a soft tone, audible only to the two of them, Elisa reassured, “Don’t worry, Mr. Cordova, I’ll handle this. We still have a drink to share later, don’t we?” 
Ernest looked at her deeply, smiling as he said, “Alright. Stay safe, okay?” 
Elisa nodded. 
Ernest gathered his team and left. 
However, the police didn’t just stand by doing nothing. Instead, they took a detour to the floor below, preparing some rescue measures to prevent any unforeseen incidents.
###chapter2074
Chapter 2076 Selfishness 
Elisa and the jumper observed as the police departed. 
Determination shone in Elisa’s eyes. She understood that she could only rely on herself, and failure was not an option. She had to succeed. 
Similarly, the two of them, each with their own hidden motives, began to chat aimlessly. 
Elisa obtained a bag of beer from somewhere and slowly approached the man. 
The person determined to end his life was very cautious, stopping Elisa when she was still two or three meters away from him. 
“Stop right there! If you take one more step, I’ll jump!” he yelled. 
Elisa remained silent, making calculations in her mind. If I turn around and rush over, there is no guarantee that I can safely pull him to the rooftop. Moreover, due to the rain, the rooftop is extremely slippery. He might accidentally slip and fall, making the situation much worse. 
Therefore, when Elisa was about two meters away, she halted, raised the beer in her hand, and asked, “Would you like some?” 
“The person was clearly surprised, unable to understand why Elisa still had the mood to drink in such a situation. 
He gulped and declined her offer. 
Elisa chuckled and nonchalantly opened a beer. 
She was genuinely thirsty. Tilting her head back, she drank more than half of it in one go. She couldn’t help but let out a satisfied sigh and say, “It’s delicious.”
The person contemplating suicide stared blankly at her. 
Elisa’s alcohol tolerance wasn’t the best, so her face turned red almost instantly. However, this made her appear even more radiant. 
Elisa had intended to have a drink together to establish a connection between them. Since he wasn’t going to drink, she could only drink alone. 
Elisa gazed at the man and said, “Before you arrived, I already knew everything about you. I know you have a seriously ill wife at home, and I understand why you’re considering this. But I have to ask, is it truly worth it?” 
The man’s gaze was somewhat evasive, his psychological defenses seemingly shattered by Elisa’s few words. 
However, he stubbornly clung to his position, refusing to admit defeat even in the face of death. 
“I have absolutely no idea what you’re talking about,” he said. 
Elisa chuckled, brushing off the raindrops on her clothes. “After you’re gone, how can you be certain that your wife will receive proper treatment and care? Even if she recovers, knowing that her life was exchanged for yours, how would she feel? Would she be able to accept it peacefully? If I remember correctly, you also have a daughter. She’s only eight years old this year… Can you truly bear it? To simply let go and leave them to shoulder everything as a widow and an orphan 
Elisa began to coax and reason with the man, speaking from the heart. 
It seemed that she truly touched him, as Elisa clearly observed the changes in his expression. 
That indicated that she was on the right track.
Elisa continued, “You wouldn’t want your daughter to lose her father at such a young age, would you? When she goes to school, there will be people who will discriminate against her, and you won’t be there to support her.” 
Elisa took a sip of beer and continued. “Don’t indulge in such self-centered behavior. It’s incredibly selfish towards your daughter and your wife. You’ve left them with all the hardships and longing while you walk away, driven by your own actions. Is that fair?” 
“Stop talking! I had no choice… God has never given me the option to choose!” The man began sobbing. 
The person contemplating suicide became emotional. 
At that moment, a junior police officer cautiously asked Ernest if they should intervene.
###chapter2075
Chapter 2077 The Fall 
The junior police officer furrowed his brows, observing everything before him. “Isn’t this just fooling around? She’s literally putting both their lives at risk!” 
Ernest shook his head. “I believe this young lady knows what she’s doing. She’s breaking down the opponent’s psychological defenses. Isn’t that a tactic we all learned after graduating from the police. academy? What’s the matter? Should we not trust her just because she’s a young lady?” 
The junior policeman scratched his head sheepishly. Upon reflection, he did indeed have some preconceived notions. 
Ernest smiled, his face full of pride. “Just wait and sec. She will give you an unexpected surprise. I’ll take responsibility for anything that happens. I believe this is the best solution, don’t you think?” Ernest turned his head to look at the young policeman, who then fell silent. 
When Ernest turned his head, the smile at the corner of his mouth had completely vanished. 
Deep down, he was worried sick. 
Both Ernest and his subordinate were staring straight at Elisa. 
At that very moment, Elisa had already finished a can of beer and cautiously took a few steps closer. 
The person contemplating suicide shouted, “Don’t come any closer! Just stay right there!” 
Elisa paused, her gaze resolute. “All right. I’ll stand right here. But what I want to tell you is that you have other options. Come down now and let’s talk it through. Everything will be resolved smoothly. You won’t lose your wife, I promise. Similarly, your wife and child won’t lose you. There’s no reason to wait for the next life to do something that can clearly be done in this one, don’t you think?” 
The person was truly moved, his expression shifting.
It seemed as though he was ready to give up on committing suicide. 
However, a current buzzed through his earpiece, and a woman’s voice rang out again. 
“Stop hesitating. My subordinates are at the hospital. If you don’t act now, your wife will die before you do. By the way, your child goes to Rayleigh Primary School, right? She’ll be joining you and your wife, too,” the woman said. 
The person contemplating suicide had his eyes wide open, and his movement to move toward safety halted. His body, which had already crouched down, slowly straightened up again. 
The people below were utterly confused, engaging in heated discussions. on suicide? How ” 
“What’s going on here? Wasn’t he about to give up come he’s standing up again?” 
“Gosh! This is so dangerous! Did they have a disagreement?” 
“Even if there’s something to discuss, they can always talk about it later. If that man dies, there’s nothing left to say!” 
Suddenly, Elisa figured something out. “He probably changed his mind because someone said something to him. My words had already swayed him, yet he maintained a firm stance. The situation looks grim, and the mastermind is equipped with various strategies.” 
Elisa wanted to say something more, but the person had already lost patience, or rather, the mastermind had run out of patience. 
Unwilling to leave any room for reversal in the matter, they were determined to ruin Elisa’s life. 
And so, the man contemplating suicide began to recite loudly and quickly the words he had prepared in advance.
“Since you’re unwilling to give me the money, and I can’t get it elsewhere, I don’t want to go back. After all, my wife is on her deathbed. I might as well go first. In this life, I’ve had the misfortune of meeting the wrong people, and I’m unable to stand up to the capitalists. In the next life, I’ll strive to give you a better life!” 
With that, the man simply jumped off the building. 
Elisa’s pupils contracted slightly, and without a second thought, she lunged forward in a swift stride, firmly grabbing the man’s hand.
###chapter2076
Chapter 2078 A Scolding 
Elisa felt the weight of a grown man pulling her downward. 
She braced herself firmly, determined not to be dragged down. 
The man was taken aback by Elisa’s unexpected move. With his eyes tightly shut, he prepared for the worst. 
But the pain he anticipated never came. Slowly, he opened one eye and saw that Elisa had grabbed him. 
Elisa had no choice. She was the closest to the man, and she had to make a decision. She could either watch a life slip away before her eyes, along with the company’s reputation being tarnished, or find at way out of this desperate situation. 
She took a risk because she had no other option. 
The man’s eyes showed no relief from surviving a disaster, only sorrow. 
Looking at Elisa, he pleaded almost desperately, “Please, I beg you, let me go. My wife and child are in that person’s hands. I don’t want things to be like this, I really don’t, but I have no other choice 
The man pleaded, preparing himself to pry Elisa’s hand open with his own. 
Meanwhile, his body began to sway as if he might fall any second. 
The people below, who had initially felt disgust or amusement, were now on edge. They hoped that the man could be saved. 
And so, the people below united, their voices rising up. 
“Keep going! Don’t give up on your own life!”
“You’re still so young, bro!” 
“That’s right! You have a brighter future ahead. Don’t give up now. Keep going, Elisa!” 
In an instant, the tables were turned. 
The people quickly scolded the bribed laborers who had spoken disheartening words. 
“Are you guys really friends? How can you not care about your friend? Are you hoping for him to die?” 
“I bet these people are just doing it for the money. They’re probably lying about the situation!” 
“Ordinary laborers share a bond as strong as life itself. How could they possibly wish for one of their own to die without even trying to dissuade him? There’s definitely something fishy about these people. Call the police and have them arrested!” 
Everyone realized that there might have been a secret scheme at play. As they looked at the terrible. situation, the woman, the mastermind, spoke into her phone, but there was no response. Damn it! 
It turned out that the man didn’t jump off the building, but his earpiece did. 
Meanwhile, Elisa noticed that the man had lost his earpiece and saw an opportunity to do something. 
Seeing him still twisting her arm, she lost her temper. “Are you a fool? Your wife and child are in someone else’s hands, and instead of saving them, you’re seeking death. Have you verified it? Are they really in her hands? Have you done everything you can to turn things around? What right do you have to seek death?” 
Elisa scolded the man, and he stared at her blankly.
Elisa continued to roar, “All you do is listen to what’s being said in your earpiece! Don’t you have any independent thinking or judgment? If they tell you to die, will you just die? Is your life worth so little to you? If I had known, I would have told your mother not to bother giving birth to you. Since you’re just seeking death, why should your mother suffer? What was the point of her struggling to raise you?” 
The man finally realized the truth, his mouth agape, unable to utter a single sound. 
It was at that moment that the police swarmed in from behind.
###chapter2077
Chapter 2079 Resolving The Crisis
Several individuals collaborated to rescue the man from the brink of death.
As the man was escorted away by the police, he appeared visibly stunned by Elisa's words, indicating that he had not fully processed them yet.
Ernest greeted Elisa and accompanied the individual, reminding her to visit the police station later to provide a statement.
Elisa nodded, feeling drained, and remained silent.
Ernest patted Elisa's shoulder and departed.
Elisa sat motionless on the ground, allowing the rain to soak her face, experiencing a sense of liberation.
In that moment, Elisa noticed her earpiece, which she had discarded nearby. It was then that she remembered she was still on a call with Gareth.
She disconnected the earpiece, retrieved her phone, and realized that the call was still ongoing.
Holding the phone to her ear, Elisa cautiously spoke, "Hello?"
The only response she received from the other end of the call was Gareth's deep, steady breathing.
As Elisa was still perplexed, Gareth gritted his teeth and said, "Did you really have to take such a risk? Do you have any idea how worried I am about you-" Before Gareth could finish his sentence, he was interrupted.
"Sir, please secure your tray table and turn off your mobile phone. Our flight is about to take off," a flight attendant interjected.
Curious, Elisa asked, "What's happening?"
Gareth responded fiercely, "It's all because of you. I didn't have time to wait for private flight approval, so I had to purchase the nearest available plane ticket." Finally, Gareth added, "It's even economy class!"
Elisa burst into laughter, finding it both heartwarmingly sweet and hilariously funny. Now that I think about it, Gareth probably has never flown economy class, right? Whenever he travels, it's either on a private jet or at the very least, first class. Afterwards, Elisa heard Gareth speaking apologetically, "I'm sorry, but I need to inform my wife of my whereabouts. After this, I'll switch off my phone."
The flight attendant then departed.
Elisa felt a gentle warmth spreading across her cheeks. She knew it was due to Gareth's words. I wonder if he said that intentionally or unintentionally.
There was a brief silence on the phone. Gareth also realized what he had just said. It was truly a subconscious thought, and he didn't expect to vocalize those words.
Just as he was contemplating whether to say something, Elisa broke the silence.
"Alright. I'll wait for your safe return. I'll pick you up from the airport," she said.
Gareth's voice carried a distinct nasal tone as he replied, "Alright. It's a deal. You still have eight hours remaining. You should get some rest."
Elisa agreed, and the two continued chatting for a while longer. It wasn't until the flight attendant reminded them again that Gareth found it inappropriate to prolong the call, and he hung up.
After ending the call, the smile on Elisa's face faded away. I don't have time to rest, do I? Such a significant incident has occurred. We need to reassure the public and our employees. I also have to visit the police station to provide a statement.
She had a feeling that she was about to be incredibly busy, so she decided to take advantage of the moment to lie down for a while. I should take some time to relax.
Before long, Bella came searching, likely because Elisa had been absent for a while.
Upon seeing Elisa lying in the middle of the pond, Bella gasped in surprise. What happened here? Didn't Sergeant Cordova just say that everything had been resolved? Didn't he mention that Elisa was safe and sound on the rooftop? How did she end up like this? Could she be injured?
With those thoughts in mind, Bella hurried over.
###chapter2078

Chapter 2080 Breaking Prejudices
Before Bella could even start to scream, a perpetually icy hand covered her mouth, damp with traces of moisture.
"Shut up. Don't shout. I'm fine. I'm just too tired and want to lie down," Elisa said.
The corner of Bella's mouth twitched slightly, and for a moment, all the sadness turned into nothingness, leaving her feeling somewhat amused.
"What are you doing? It's raining, and you're lying on the ground. Get up quickly." Bella extended a hand. Elisa grabbed it and managed to stand up.
"Let's go. It's time to get down to business." Elisa's mood shifted rapidly, going from initially nonchalant to completely focused. The thought of what she had to face gave her a headache, but it was something she couldn't avoid. Elisa was walking ahead, with Bella following behind.
The two of them entered the elevator, one after the other. Inside the elevator, Elisa seemed somewhat weary.
Bella asked with concern, "Are you feeling unwell?"
Elisa shook her head. "It's just that there's a lot going on right now. Too many things weighing on my mind, that's all."
There was really nothing else on her mind.
Upon reaching the ground floor, there were still some onlookers who hadn't dispersed, probably waiting for something.
Elisa guessed that they were waiting for her, and indeed, that was the case.
As soon as Elisa appeared, someone shouted, "Look, everyone! That's Elisa."
There and then, everyone swarmed in, completely surrounding Elisa.
The security guard, belatedly realizing the situation, came over to maintain order while Bella instinctively moved to protect Elisa. Everyone still remembered how menacing that group of people looked when Elisa got out of the car before the incident.
Therefore, everyone was afraid that someone might take some extreme actions.
"Ms. Benett, you are truly awesome!"
No one knew who started it, but everyone began to chime in, one after another, creating a grand uproar.
Bella thought the group of onlookers was about to attack Elisa. However, the onlookers praised Elisa.
What's going on here? Bella was puzzled. The security guards who rushed over were also stunned on the spot.
Elisa smiled, feeling somewhat relieved. I thought I'd have to do some explaining, but it turns out everyone saw my selfless act of saving someone just now. Their attitude toward me had changed. It seems like I did the right thing. The hardest thing to change is people's prejudices. If one risky act can change so many people's prejudices, isn't that a worthwhile deal? If Gareth knew about this, he would probably be infuriated again.
Thinking of Gareth, who had bought a plane ticket in a fit of anger and returned, Elisa couldn't help but curve her lips into a smile.
"Thank you all for your trust. We will clarify with the media later on, but rest assured, we have indeed paid the salaries. I personally oversaw the process, so there's no room for error. We've also meticulously checked three times afterward, ensuring nothing was overlooked. I believe you all understand the situation today, so there's no need for me to elaborate further. Therefore, you can trust me, and trust Benett Corporation."
Elisa's voice resonated powerfully, carrying a great deal of persuasion.
Bella saw the situation and followed by shouting, "Believe in Elisa! Believe in Benett Corporation!"
Everyone finally snapped out of their daze and began to join in the shouting.
"Believe in Elisa! Believe in Benett Corporation!"
Wave after wave of sound washed over, and Elisa laughed genuinely from the heart.
That wasn't the end of it. Everyone shared what they had learned earlier, thoroughly clarifying things for Elisa and Benett Corporation.
The Novel will be updated first on this website. Come back and continue reading tomorrow, everyone!

